COVID-19 guidelines and International Students. Fall 2020 Petition
Does this look ok? I have no idea what I’m doing (ChemE freshman)
What happens if I drop all summer classes if I get financial aid?
How does this schedule look? Incoming EECS freshman + intended Haas
Best prof for Chem 4A?
Is there any place to get KF94 mask near campus?
If Berkeley is Hybrid with all courses and sections offered online regardless, will you return to campus?
If Berkeley is Hybrid with all courses and sections offered online regardless, will you return to campus?
Why did the Berkeley subreddit remove the Poll post option?
Anyone take Korean 1A/1AX?
Hoping to transfer from community college (Diablo Valley) to Berkeley as a Comp Sci Major
colleges with the best boba?
CS Course Recs for Rising Sophomore
One Summer Course Info Session: Freedom Summer Social Justice Course
Schedule advice for a transfer student? GBA was not helpful at all...
Schedule advice for a transfer student? GBA was not helpful at all...
CHEM 1B Self study
The 2020 "Health Emergency Shutdown" was planned by the Trump administration back in August 2019. Listen to the conspirators discuss everything starting with updates on page 182. Ditch the mask because the shutdown, like the staged impeachments, was just more obstruction to retain power.
How does my freshman schedule look? doable?
Berkeley Extension
How big are eecs 16a lab/discussion sections?
Incoming freshman, community college enrolment in the fall?
Opinion from NYT | Expecting Students to Play It Safe if Colleges Reopen Is a Fantasy
Theme Housing???
Scheduling Classes
idk what i’m doing pls offer me advice &lt;3 i’m an eecs major btw
Free Merch?
Mental health / counseling services
Has Berkeley offered any response to the new Title IX regulations?
CS 61A + Math W53 over the summer? (Freshman Edge)
Anyone planning on moving to a completely new place for Fall sem?
Opinion on sororities at Berkeley?
Reasons to stay on campus?
Enrolling for Summer Courses on CalCentral
frosh schedule feedback? (no classes after 3 or before 9)
Waitlisted
What's the last day to drop a summer class for Session C without it showing up on your transcript?
Any new transfer students who are enrolled in a fall 2020 class already on calcentral?
Art at Berkeley
any suggestions on my freshman schedule (any concerns are appreciated!! :) thank you!
My attempt to highlight the flaws of Affirmative Action and why it doesn't do what it's supposed to: (Not a shitpost)
Stanford Senior Fellow Thomas Sowell on Affirmative Action
Stanford Senior Fellow Thomas Sowell on Affirmative Action
Appeal to be accepted into Economics Major
mfw queen christ says that some classes will require you to be there in person and others won't and they won't tell us till mid july
Econ 136 waitlist
Any suggestions for my freshman schedule?
Chem 114 or BIO ENG 148 Syllabus
Math 121A / Reshetikhin
What's the Arts Passport?
Cog Sci 1 book
Rate my freshman schedule
Incoming freshmen, are you still going to live in the residence halls?
Math N53 Instructor?
Gap year application question
ANTRHO 3AC and EPSM 6
Confirmed: UCLA is hybrid for Fall ‘20
Rate my Freshman Schedule? (Thinking CS or Econ Major)
Late dropping Session A
Hasan Minhaj's advice to UCSC amid grad student firings: "transfer to Berkeley"
What's the time difference between Berkeley and UCLA?
170 SWE importance
Is my 1st semester eecs schedule doable?
Sigma Phi - Thorsen House
Has anyone taken a class with Malone or Ortiz?
񝰾‍♂️
ENVECON 100 with Leo K Simon?
Long Live The Building Formerly Known as LSA
61A class size expansion for enrollment?
As Seen on Overheard: “Just in case anyone is doubting the legitimacy of the other email that was recently posted here 😳🤝”
Fall 2020 will be hybrid
CS 61B Projects
Public Health Pre-PA
Freshmen enrollment timings
Need advice: Transfer from UC (Davis specifically)? How should i go about this?
Fall 2020
Help me confirm my list of research labs?
What's parking on the street like during semseter?
Black Women Owned Seafood Boil Opening this Friday! Follow our IG @vallejo_cajunboils for more!
Cal students only: Which Hogwarts house do you identify as?
Classes will be hybrid for the fall (overseen on overheard)
Too late to drop a summer class?
University of California Endorses Affirmative Action Measure
eecs freshman schedule
Work from home to continue through Jan 1, with exceptions
ME 110 Moradian
Chances of people dropping 61A
Berkeley/Sciences Po Info?
Prereqs for Physics 137A - Quantum Mech
Anonymous Letter from UCB professor regarding to BLM. I doubt how many people here will finish reading it and how many will tolerate the diversity and not prosecuting different opinions.
Racist Stanford Grad in viral video manages pension funds for UC Regents.
Does Berkeley have hard water?
Yes no
Hows Stat20 in Cal?
Will Spring 2021 be in-person?
PUT DOWN YO BETS
Economics Major Freshman Schedule
My response when someone mocks my decidion to major in Data Sci
Math 53 math 1b professors
Why is the train so loud
Nutrisci 30
Can I make it to class on time?
Favorite food place at CAL?
THIS IS THE WEEK FOLX
How bad is the homeless problem?
Why Doesn't Berkeley Have a Computer Engineering Major?
What are some good DeCal's for incoming freshman?
What has happened to Berkeley's math department?
21 Jump Street knows what's up 😔
Looking for somewhere to stay 4 nights, any ideas?
What has happened to Berkeley’s math department?
Is it worth it to take Chem 1a over summer?
Hey Guys I created a Discord server called with a bot that gives free answers from Chegg. Please join and let me know what you think I made the bot myself. :)
Has anyone taken Physics 7B with Nathan Lowhorn?
PLZ help me get my frisbee back
Since u/iamrameses asked about a virtual study room, I made a discord server to help us through quarantine!
Career Center Appointments
Tales from Berkeley Undergraduate Physics and Astronomy
Berkeley Transfer
EECS paths for people who liked the non circuit stuff in 16a/b
asian americans &amp; black lives matter movement | model minority myth, colorism, anti-blackness
Internships for CS
Math 53 vs math 1b
Differences between 189 w/ Sahai and Shewchuk?
Has anyone had Malone, Ortiz, or Fisher in the comlit department?
Is this a good schedule for an incoming freshman?
Berkeley goggles
I need advice for balancing a part-time job and studying
An anonymous letter, allegedly written by an history professor at Berkley, creates waves
Can I retake a class?
Need a cs fall 2020 sem 1 schedule revision as an incoming freshman
How do you guys organize how you pay your rent in groups?
Hello everyone, I made a discord group for No ACA-5 Bill, any discussion is welcomed!!
Hello everyone, I created a discord group for NO on ACA-5 Bill, any discussion is welcomed.
Do virtual study rooms exist?
Data 100 + Econ 1 over the summer
Out of State tuition for reduced course load?
Calculus courses for Haas
POWERFUL Black Lives Matter Protests In Cali Marching Down The Streets. They AREN'T Letting Up. #JusticeForGeorgeFloyd (Video)
Econ Classes at Berkeley
What video game are you mostly playing during quarantine?
What video game are you mostly playing during quarantine?
(Unannounced) Update Regarding COVID-19 Campus Proceudre
Chances to get in classes if you are waitlisted?
Admitted Transfer Student, Will I be rescinded?
I’m scared
how’s this schedule as an incoming freshman?
Just saw a recent UCLA grad refer UCLA as the "#1 public university in the nation" (eyeroll)
how’s this schedule as an incoming freshman?
ACA-5 rant
I invented something, but I know nothing about business. Any resources for students starting businesses? Haas maybe?
Awaiting Fall Semester News
PSA
How’s this schedule as an incoming freshman?
(Unannounced) Update Regarding Campus COVID-19 Procedure
The issue is pressing, but banning people with legit concerns is no way to handle a *meme* group with ~200k people smh. This subreddit avoided mob mentality well with the witch hunt rule :)
Schedule Incoming Freshman L&amp;S CS
i can't find a professor's email...
I'm morbidly afraid I'm going to fail CS61A this summer.
Pls guide me Bears for I am lost
check out our podcast
Cosmetic retake/grade change
Com Lit 60AC
CS vs. Data science majors
BART officially running from San Jose
Anonymous Letter From Purported UC Berkeley Professor Harshly Challenges ‘Black Lives Matter Narrative’
How Hard is taking CS 186 and 162 in the same semester? Would one advise doing that?
UCBMFET Admin Here. Fear of your subreddit getting quarantined is a lame excuse to not speak up against sexual violence against your fellow classmates.
How Can I Meet the Admissions Officer Who Accepted Me
Rao or Sahai for CS 70
l&amp;s final assignment on gba
Math 16A or Math 1A?
How did you demonstrate your passion for Computer Science outside the classroom?
post about ”life being ruined by someone powerful”
What are your thoughts on the Aca-5 bill? Any Asian student here?
15 min survey for those in leadership roles and underrepresented minority-owned businesses
...Excuse me, Sir!Is there blood money now? Your lips will have a half-life.
UC Berkeley History Professor’s Open Letter Against BLM, Police Brutality and Cultural Orthodoxy
Self identified anonymous Berkeley professor’s letter to peers on BLM and George Floyd
I want to have a pizza
TIL housing prices were always @ 2x median income (before 2002)
Finding Housing From Out of State During Pandemic
Can we talk about sexual assault awareness?
What happened to the serious concern of COVID-19?
2020 "Health Emergency Shutdown" was planned by the Trump administration in Aug 2019. Listen to conspirators starting with updates on page 182. Shutdown, like staged impeachments, just more obstruction to retain power.
obstacles to education
UC Berkeley History Professor’s Open Letter Against BLM, Police Brutality And Cultural Orthodoxy
Continuing Berkeley Students: How many units do you plan to take for the Fall 2020 semester?
Incoming Freshmen and Transfer Students: How many units do you plan to take for the Fall 2020 semester?
Stanford Axe Heist game I made on Scratch. Go Bears!
A professor’s insight into the recent crisis
[UPDATED MANIFESTO]: the concept of our truths and the sins of our fathers
There is a UC Berkeley student who is using very racist language towards African Americans on YouTube. Does anyone know how to report a student on campus for harassment?
I am being harassed by a UCB Grad Student and he is flooding my YouTube channel with racism and stalking my Instagram. I’m at a loss on what to do and feel scared.
Is the Tuition Relief thing legit? I got an email about it from a Berkeley email, but it went into my spam (+you have to pay like $30 to start)
Need legal assistance immediately
Math 1A series or 10A? maybe pre-health
How many people drop from CS summer classes?
Refund Under Review?
Any place to work outside?
University Village Rules?
Easy R1B class?
How possible is it to get around a 60% for the midterm and final for CS70 over the summer?
Sproul Hall email?
This is where you have to go when you’re accused of spreading corona
Gender?
Major advice
CS Upper Division Electives Question
Stats for life science?
Question about freshman edge
61B org.junit package does not exist error fix
Stanford Axe Heist game I made on Scratch. Go Bears!
Any good resources for a lost, incoming freshman?
How does this look?? Also, I had the option of not having a discussion for Astronomy, is that ok?
UGBA 137
Is a Discussion worth it for Astronomy?
Is this bad, should I make it so there aren’t like 1 hour gaps??
Back to back class schedule
Course Selection advice MechE
Why is it impossible to get a retail or fast food job??
UC Davis student going to Berkely
Haas Prerequisites
Disputing nonsense " returned check fee"
Refund Active Hold
Did any one get this email? I never completely withdrew from any thing and still got this.
Please let me rant about this fucking rapist
I'm a video journalist based in San Diego and today my news station released the story we shot last January on how the Berkeley Police Department approaches de-escalation training. With everything going on right now, we hope it can help contribute to the dialogue about what to do with police reform.
Why is my post on the effect of affirmative action on Asian students removed? This is relevant to the new ACA5 that can impact all UC students.
An unpopular opinion concerning the ongoing sexual assault allegations against Mr. Zhao...
The most Berkeley thing ever
To all the victims of Nick Zhao
Help me decide course for R&amp;C part A Requirement
Gary Gin (Jacobs Hall Design Specialist staff) AMA now - BattleBots, prototyping, 3D printing, anything
Is there a place to practice piano without any distractions on campus?
What is gradescope?
Has anyone ever taken espm155AC
Does anybody want to register a religious organization with me? We can have our own set of extremist dogmas.
deadline for submitting cancellation form for fall 2020?
Can anybody share a PDF of the Math 1B textbook?
UCPD takes money from a street vendor’s wallet because he doesn’t have a permit
UC Berkeley History Professor’s Open Letter Against BLM, Police Brutality and Cultural Orthodoxy
UC Berkeley History Professor’s Open Letter Against BLM, Police Brutality and Cultural Orthodoxy
Waitlist Grades
Off my chest: Nicholas is pretty handsome lol
There's an anonymous post circulating around by a supposed Cal professor denouncing BLM
Change.org and Instagram are not reputable news sources. If the story of the student raping women is picked up by a paper, the school, or the police, it will be allowed, just as all others have been in the past. Otherwise this subreddit *WILL* be banned by Reddit admins.
Change.com is not a reputable news source. It's a blog. If the story of the student raping women is picked up by a local or national paper, it will be allowed, just as all other rape stories have been allowed in the past.
Confused about fulfilling breaths in a community college
Immediate expulsion and legal action against Nicholas Zhao for assault and rape. Might have been posted here already, but it is important
Not meeting conditions of admission IB 3.0 GPA senior year
IB 3.0 GPA Requirements (new admit)
what's your favorite thing about cal?
Skip Math 1B?
CS 70 Fulfills Math 55 if a Math Major and not a CS Major?
MATH 110 summer
Success in Negotiating Rent
Summer aid
The Unspoken Truth about Asian Racism
Stand up against Rape and Assault
DATA C8 With No Programming Experience??
Tech Club Stereotypes
Fall CS 170 different time slot move
Breaking down the costs to attend Berkeley
I want a femboy bf
Data 100 and full time internship summer
Is this schedule doable? (Evening chem ab was the only time that fit in with the classes I wanted)
How hard was it to get into Berkeley
assist 2020
CW: Sexual Assault/R*pe // Sign the petition to get Nicholas Zhao kicked out of University of California, Berkeley.
Rate my schedule for me? (Freshman L&amp;S)
Are there fireworks right now?
Rising UC Berkeley junior: sexual assault and rapist
just super excited about this school :]
What’s the total number of UC Berkeley alumni?
The Golden Bear Module not working
Sexual Assault at UC Berkeley
CS 169. Why is the course split up? Is it recommended to take the course as one?
When is Berkeley announcing for Fall 2020?
Let's talk about Asian Racism
Looking for some advice
Admission Deferment Questions
Petition for Immediate expulsion and legal action against Nicholas Zhao for assault and rape.
I need help with the PLUS Loan ASAP!
Immediate expulsion and legal action against Nicholas Zhao for assault and rape
get this fool outta here
Let's start our own country
Has anyone been to Starbucks lately?
Chem 32?
assist agreement
"Almost all undergraduate courses will be delivered in a remote format in the fall quarter."
Good dentist around our school that accepts SHIP?
Where can i find sample 4 year plans for Cs letters and science?
cs 70 curve?
CS Upper Divs Difficulty Ranked
Fall in person?
Physics 8A and Chem 3a doable?
Will Fall be online?
Native foreign language speaker needed!!! Make money by tutoring your native language. All languages needed.
Math 3B at Laney Summer 2020 w/Fred and Tim Question
Parent Plus Loan
Native foreign language speaker needed!!! Make money by tutoring your native language. All languages needed.
I &lt;3 Berkeley. Miss you all.
anyone know this guy?
Light Easy A Class for Summer Suggestions
As a follow up of yesterday’s poll, what is the average grade you normally end up with in your classes?
California bill asking voters whether to repeal anti-affirmative action Prop. 209 advances
Berkeley Police Chief Apologizes for Saying "We can shoot people" as Alternative to Tear Gas
Family Housing Experience
I want to have a boyfriend
California Assembly voted to pass ACA 5
UC Berkeley falls to #30 in 2021 QS World University Rankings
Easiest/Best Breadth Courses to take? and CS Schedule Advice
Does anyone know what the hell happened in this class for this to be the grade distribution?
How important is Data 144?
prefrosh NIF questions
Anyone living or working in Berkeley, even those without symptoms, can now get tested for COVID-19 for free
Question for those who are taking/have taken courses at a SoCal community college
Anonymous letter from a professor to his department about recent events and the direction he believes the University is headed in. A long read but worth it.
Looking for people to interview about writing letters!
Undergraduate Music Program
Residency
CS 24
I want to have a girlfriend
Is taking CS61B and EE16A the same semester advisable for freshman fall?
CogSci Prof Fired Due to Negative Course Evals
Incoming Freshman: in CoC chembio regarding classes
Work in SF
Took Calc 1. Very very very rusty. Should I take Math 1A P/NP this fall?
Reaching Unit Ceiling What Should I do
Effect of racial affirmative action on Asian students
Fall Semester for Freshman - In Person or Remote?? Thoughts....
Someone please tell the ATO house to just shut the hell up
Anonymous Mail from UCB History Professor.
California Democrats attempting to reimpose racial quotas in the UC system
Has anyone taken NWMEDIA 151AC?
Oh no, it’s begun...
Thoughts on Prof Moore (physics)
fuck you speak: "Oh my God, how you fuck not have anything in the bathroom, I can do?"
Yeet
Community College Course to complete breadth requirement
What is your grade goal for your classes (avg)?
Inspired by Berkeley students, Asm. Shirley Weber leads passing vote on ACA5, a step toward placing UC affirmative action on California's ballot.
UC Berkeley No. 1 US public, 12th best globally in 'World University Rankings'
UC Irvine confirms remote fall quarter for undergrads
UC Irvine confirms remote fall quarter
Will I be able to take "bucket-list" classes as a double major?
Advice for Berkeley Summer Greek Workshop?
TIL about Bill Lester, a Berkeley EECS grad who decided he wanted to focus on car racing while working at HP. He became one of the most successful African-American NASCAR drivers of all time.
Course work advice
Question about EECS 16a
UPE Cutoff
Passed through cedar city and thought this looked like the Big C
Recommended courses to take for EEP major
Windows vs. Apple for CS/STATS major
Any love for Cart Narcs? Featuring UCLA!
People who have taken MATH 128B, how was it?
Zoom and Enhance!
Summer classes
James Sethian vs. Suncica Canic for Math 53?
Math Equivalency Advisor contact info
Gauging interest for my Fall 2020 DeCal
EECS 5th Year Masters Courses
CS61A + EE16A first semester
Macbook Pro vs iPad Pro for Computer Science major?
Summer CS 61A
Concern about summer class (stats 2)
Suggestions for a easy A, 1 unit, graded class?
CS Major Requirements
Extracurriculars and essays you wrote to get into Haas?
CC courses to take before frosh year? (Cog sci major)
dumb question but are we even dorming?
Convince me to major in media studies!
Summer Bio 1B study buddies!!
How is Society and Environment in CNR?
Advice needed about summer classes and internships
Theme housing
Can you fulfill a breadth requirement with a course not taught in English?
physics 89 vs math 110
Reading and Composition Question
Engineering Major, is it a bad idea to take as many H/SS courses as possible the first semester of freshman year?
Disappointed with my freshman year and lost
Does anyone know if the campus gyms will be reopening as the state reopens?
easiest summer classes
Has anyone heard back about CA residency?
Berkeley Bragging
Leave 61A after phase 2?
Professor has now updated the "leak"
UC Berkeley Online??? Saga Continues
Question about summer classes
Advice For An Incoming Freshman Intended Double Major CS &amp; Stats
Emancipated minors in Co-ops?
I declined an internship position...
What now Carol?
Incoming Graduate Students - Deferring Acceptance?
Scientific writing classes
Need help with chegg, course hero or finding textbooks?
Clearing Pre-reqs?
Statistics Majors Advice
Berkeley Based Medical Related Startup Survey! With $25 Gift Card
FPF Professor confirms UC Berkeley is Completely Online for Fall 2020
How much do people usually pay when buying old exams?
Professor confirms fall 2020 is completely online
Considering withdrawal question (urgent)
Housing
Need help setting up advisor appointment (urgent)
L&amp;S Freshman Schedule
We dont need another disaster right now.
CS 189/182 as a math major
Math 3B at Laney College
Best Career Advisors?
CS 70 Summer Enrollment
summer research
Policing During Pandemic and Protest!
Is UC Berkeley worth it? (out of state applying as a chemistry major)
What are some good second majors a premed student can pick up? What isn't?
Is grammarly allowed on the Entry Writing Exam?
Recommendations for classes on mythology
Helping students in Financial need
Help me decide summer community college courses please?
Gap sem for Fall 2020 (URGENT??)
How hard is it to get the CS61BL internship?
Math 1B at a community college
Support Coronavirus Relief with a Svelte UC Berkeley Mask
Is there any place (like Goodwill) to donate clothing that is open
I'm filling out my final assignmwnt and seem to be having trouble finding the meeting days and meeting time for English R1A.
Is there anywhere I can find old Physics 89 HW/Exam problems?
What is the workload of a typical stat upper div? Courses like 134, 140, 135, 150, 151A, 153, 154.
Is there anything going on in Berkeley this weekend?
Double minoring
Thoughts on double major?
How does taking Chem 1A work?
any good classes for international studies breadth and R1B?
If in-person instruction is offered as an option for the fall 2020 semester, do you plan on moving near UC Berkeley?
Gauging Interest for my Fall Personal Finance DeCal
Fung Fellowship Transfers?
CS Transfer Question Regarding Course Planning
What is the FPF experience like?
Missed SIR DEADLINE DUE TO PERSONAL STUFF
Honors Program Admission Requirements? (physics)
Stephen Glickman, father of world's only captive hyena colony, dies at 87
Poll for undergrads
Can the same course be used to satisfy both the campus wide AC and the American History requirement?
CS and Statistics Double Major
How is your experience in Haas?
I don’t know why people are so ignorant about clinical depression
How do I contact the admissions office?
Study Advice for a New Student
Question for anyone who’s taken math 16a: How difficult was the class in your opinion and how much time did you dedicate to studying for the class? I’m taking the class during summer and wanted to get an idea for what I should expect. Thanks in advance!
I'm trying to fill out my final assignment but I dont have an L&amp;S advisor assigned to me. Who do I out as my advisor?
Resources for starting a nonprofit?
Summer Plan
Advice Needed for Graduation Status
1122u Apartments - Anyone Lived There Esp in 5 Bed Unit?
College discord server
Getting involved in sports radio?
CC Classes?
What do you guys think of her argument regarding George Floyd ?
Stat 134 adjunct videos
Anyone else's session B summer class not give out any information yet?
Colleges at Berkeley: Battle Royale
How to extend graduation date in CNR?
Does Berkeley really not care about AP tests?
Is there a career that makes use of the skills in both software engineering and data science ?
Transfer units
What is the point of commenting “trusted” on Facebook posts that are selling things?
Fall 2020 Transfer Appeals?
Rant for myself sorry
Is it possible for a student who has transferred to 4-year uni from CC to get into competitive phd programs?
Is working swe at google, fb, Apple a good outcome with a berkeley CS degree?
Public Health - Pre PA
This represents a usual semester at Berkeley
Linguistics 55AC for FPF
Some questions about Media Studies at Berkeley (Transfer)
Cal BSU‘s march brought thousands! Black Lives Matter!
Berkeley in the Fall
Have you heard communication regarding your summer courses?
Bishop apartments on Dwight, good or bad?
Conditions of admission for IB students?
Does UCBerkeley follow the quarterly or semester system?
Berkeley students from Cal BSU lead march of thousands downtown. Insane turnout!
undeclared rausser student schedule help
Freshman Seminar workload?
Afx Comp
Found keys at BSU protest
Is summer still default P/NP?
FPF out of capacity?
East Bay Regional Park Police Seek Suspect in Sexual Batteries; here is a photo taken by a witness on Friday. X-POST from r/bayarea
Refrigerators and Carnot Cycle (Sequence of 5 steps) #14
Does anyone know where I can find video from today's protest at the civic center?
Anyone know where to get garlic knots?
UGBA and German major overlaps
Stats Adjunct
CS Minor Questions
Looking for a Roommate (8 minute walk to campus)
chances of being a music major?
Best time to take CS 162
Anyone giving haircuts?
UC-specific BLM petition (demands in comments)
CS162 Webcast Spring 2020
Engin 150
Summer late drop
DPNP IN FALL?!
UC Davis to UC Berkeley? CS/DS? Anyone transfer from a UC to UCB? (i know it’s rare)
Anyone heard of this guy?
Is there a current boycott against Raj Properties? Is it big enough to leave a dent in there revenue?
Renting in Berkeley? If you’re renting from Raj Properties, Everest Properties, or Reddy Realty, you’re paying rent to a former sex trafficking ring.
Incoming Freshman Question
Is the track still open for public use at Berkeley, or is it closed along with other rec facilities?
How's TAing and taking a class during summer?
accidentally sent a porn link to my professor instead of a google docs link.
Shahid Buttar REALLY need to #ReplacePelosi. #BLM
Is the RSF going to reopen
Some trashy jerk stole my favorite plant off of our porch at 12:06 on 6/4.
A new grad moving around the bay area for work
Thoughts on this fpf schedule?
When are fall EECS 16A reader/tutor/ASE positions released?
Cheating + retaking class?
The rivals are at it again...
Now all I need is 11 friends...
Wada Unit 2
Math 53 in summer?
Deferring
How loud is it living on Channing?
Confused about what GE’s to take at a CC this summer
Meanwhile at UCSD
CS61A Spring 2020/Fall 2019 Solutions
Contact computer science transfer
I fucking love Berkeley lmao
How essential is DATA/STAT 102, STAT 157?
How much should I review for Econ 100a?
Concepts and languages used in 61B?
Easiest FPF courses?
Is it normal to feel this overwhelmed?
Why hasn’t Professor Stoyanov posted the Stat 21 schedule this summer?
Tips on minimizing breadths?
you not strange do they do not seal you, as the?
Academic misconduct
UC Berkeley vs UCLA for Economics
it’s not safe to go back to berkeley yet
How important is the suggested course list for the EECS 5th Year CS Masters?
Upper Div Class Recs
If I know later on an upper div class can fulfill a breadth, can I hold off doing that breadth until then? Or there some sort of pressure to get them done within freshman and sophomore year?
Shrine to George Floyd and Breonna Taylor on Kroeber Fountain
List of Protests/Events this Weekend - Bay Area
Transfer Advice?
transfers from uc davis?
Can I satisfy reading Part B before Part A?
Prof. Issac or Prof. Chan for COG SCI 1?
Will I get rescinded for an accidental misreported grade on waitlist form?
Differences in the PhD in Controls in EECS and Mechanical Engineering
Can't find enrollment appointment on CalCentral
E25, E26, E27 best order?
A nice north-side 1b1b apartment extremely close to campus!
Update to UCB Haas vs USC Marshall Transfer Decision
Cog Sci 1 with Linda Isaac in the fall
CS61A, EE16A, Math 1B Freshman Fall
UC Intercampus Visitor Program
Bio+Business Program?
CC courses in summers between school years?
Question about fulfilling Haas Prerequisite
Sophomore CS classes
cal central bug
Thoughts on History 137AC - the Repeopling of America for the freshman edge summer course
Freshman classes for L&amp;S CS + Haas double major?
Cal Black Student Union leading a protest on Saturday, June 6th
Alumna’s skills assist New York Times’ alarming George Floyd video
Alameda County/Berkeley Curfew Rescinded Early
Alameda County/Berkeley Curfew Rescinded Early
Which STAT 15x level classes are most important?
Chem 3A Cheating Scandal
Intro to Astronomy vs. Drugs and the Brain
CS 61B Autograder
170 Course Staff
How will out-of-state students apply to University of California when it replaces the SAT with its own test?
Don't Tell Me It's Normal Submission
ucpd’s statement was bs, they need to be disbanded
RESPONSE FROM UCPD
Daiso on Telegraph Permanently Closing :(
Renting from Acre Inc. property management?
Can STAT 140 be used instead of STAT 134 for pre-reqs?
Posting Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 20.
Bears Stand Up
Has anyone stayed in Sterling Allston?
Psych 166AC and Psych 136
Psych Upper Div Courses
Dear University of California, Take a Stance!
Are you an International Student in the US? Do you have International Friends that you love? Do you want to help strengthen the US economy amid Covid-19? If yes, HELP OUT ...
Question about Haas requirements
Did anyone successfully transfer to Berkeley from UCSC (or other UCs)?
Selling a BLM x Berkeley Sather Gate sticker (ALL proceeds will support the movement)
staying in berkeley for fall?
Nicest Advisor(s) in College of Letters and Science??
Undergraduate Math Research
UCB Haas vs USC Marshall
How is the startup culture at Berkeley (specifically for CS/Business kids)
For people who are used to listen to music while studying like myself...
Average stipend for undergrad researcher over summer?
Does anyone have a PDF/Online version of this Math 53 Multivar textbook?
SF Solidarity Ride George Floyd
My two moods when I see Kiwibots.
Question about Haas prerequisites
Cal Central Problem
FPF Course Advice
UGBA C5
Financial aid ?
ORMS Transfer
6 ft Wall for jump training??
Trying to graduate early
Math 53 straight out of BC?
Three classes on the harder side. Is it a good idea? Math 53, CS61A, EECS16A
Has anyone transfered from UCLA to Cal (or vice versa)?
Only first year pathway available is "request to start on campus in January"?
Is there actually any reason to live in Berkeley?
Looking for roommate to fill a 1 bdrm in a 2 bdrm apartment for $680-720!
This is how rightful, justified movements begin to lose popular support - radicalism, extremism, and identity politics
Anyone know if La Petite hair salon is currently open??
Job prospects straight out of Berkeley?
Stanford announces hybrid for 2020-2021
US to ban passenger flights from China
Residency for tuition purposes
DS Major vs. CS+Stats major/minor combo?
Statistics and Computer Science courses overlapping?
No longer attending
How do TAs and Professors both record their camera and write on their iPads?
Looking for roommate to fill a 1 bdrm in a 2 bdrm apartment for $680-740!
Looking to fill 1 bdrm in a 2 bdrm apartment for 680-720!
Posting Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 19.
Schedule advice for incoming sophomore:
Advice for potential Archaeology Grad Student
Advice for potential Archaeology Grad Student
We are screwed class of 2020
VisaPal - Rent Your Property
Bioengineering Major
How do grad students make friends?
Got an email regarding my waitlist app which says that I'm not admitted but there's a possibility of spaces opening up in the following weeks. Should I remain hopeful?
Berkeley City Council just voted to extend curfew
Econ 100B summer textbook?
The Leadership Award Application Result Date?
What free software programs (e.g. photoshop) can you get as a Berkeley student?
Bio 1A Advice
USC to resume in person classes with precautions this fall, plus start and end term early with no fall break
Is German R5A in English or do I need to know German?
Deferment and Admissions
Proud of Berkeley students and clubs for stepping up at this time
Game Theory in Social Science
How many students do you estimate will be in Berkeley for the fall semester?
One of the world’s leading Black writers, James Baldwin, giving a speech at Berkeley (1979)
DESINV courses?
Stats major
CVC
Housing
Matthew Jurow Chem 3AL
Berkeley’s post for Blackout Tuesday...
Switching to Bioengineering from MSE
Day Trip Visit
Off-Campus housing
Applying to MIDS program
Access to hug 61b assignments
Does anybody know when upcoming freshmen will get access to the Adobe Cloud?
stay at davis or transfer to berkeley
Housing for stats major?
Graduated last semester, got hired. Now fired
Looking to interview a Cal alum for public radio
Incoming mech E freshman. How hard is it to get into CS 61A?
Transfer Waitlist
The university is participating in BlackoutTuesday, as well as linking resources in their social media bios! Huge!
Schedule
Does pass/no pass GPA?
Institutionalized racism is real
Housing Offers??
STAT courses required for computational depth for data science major?
Question about IND ENG courses
An Ode to Brains
How does class enrollment as a freshman work?
Summer CS61A waitlist
My Academics page
Posting Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 18.
YSK: NY Times and Wall Street Journal digital subscriptions are free for students
Why is the Cal 1 Card not just called "Cal Card"?
Does UCPD still operate during the pandemic?
can Berkeley rescind my acceptance for a citizenship mark
What are the best dorms in the residence halls for a transfer student?
What’s a good sociology class to take? I need it for the MCAT
Is it possible to AI for two classes at the same time during Summer?
Consequences of getting caught looting
California Police Officers LINED UP In Front Of Businesses To Stop Looting CRAZY SCENE (Video)
UC Berkeley student’s persistence helps win more liberal rules for in-state tuition
Do you support ACAB
TechLead '05 goes over his Berkeley transcript and discusses CS courses and their relevance to industry
academic undergrad community
Keep removing it - FUCK THE ALAMEDA COUNTY PD
Yeah, keep deleting my posts you jackasses
Does anyone know which Equator Coffee line Yali's uses?
Fuck Alameda County PD
Is anyone doing peaceful protests tonight, despite the curfew?
Any protests going on?
is it safe to walk/jog on campus before curfew?
Christopher Nolan &amp; Kip Thorne Break Down The Physics of Interstellar | TIME
Alameda County announces 8 p.m. curfew in Berkeley on Monday — Berkeleyside
During these tough times, let’s all look back at institutions that helped us all bond, indifferent to our individual characteristics!! Love you CAL
how do i add a summer course?
Just some friendly advice...
How do I know what community college classes to take to fulfill degree requirements at Cal?
So, so fucking proud of Berkeley for actually standing for Black lives matter.
What do I need to know coming in to Data 100?
Stat20 during the summer?
What do readers do
What do readers do
What do readers do
What do readers do
What do readers do
Why do violent protests work?
Self study circuits parts from EECS 16A
ASUC COVID-19 Financial Relief Committee administers funds
They are repealing Prop 209, no matter where you stand this affects you! Voice your concerns or opinions to your representatives!
Anyone know the Stat 21 schedule this summer?
Statistics Course Guidance
Is it normal for a landlord to ask each individual guarantor for each individual tenant to agree to be responsible for the full rent?
SLC tutor waitlist?
Found on a video titled "A Day in the Life at UCLA"
Berkeley teaching platform
Best career counselors at Cal?
Posting Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 17. Sorry for not posting recently, Oski was going through some tough stuff.
Are berkeley reddit users more introverted than non-reddit users?
CS Major Appeal
AC Transit has suspended most East Bay lines for all day Monday due to unrest
freshmen enrollment time
Berkeley EECS and CS kids - what GPA is worth omitting from the resume?
Advice for transfers?
its friday
iPad Pro or MacBook Pro?
EECS 3 year graduation
Taken at Blackwell (8th floor) in December 2019
Any updates on lecture status for Fall semester?
Coronavirus cases on the rise across the Bay Area, especially in Alameda County
Thoughts on L&amp;S W1 &amp; L&amp;S C12?
Question to those of you who were suggesting withdrawing as an alternative to deferring:
Question to those of you who were suggested withdrawing as an alternative to deferring:
Is July 16th the only enrollment day?
Unsure if Berkeley is right for me. Help!!
Admitted Transfer
This is fucked up.
What happened to the Oski Pictures 'till Campus Reopens?
what are people doing for classes that might not be able to be converted online?
cs70 lectures?
Housing for this Fall
Be better
Summer Fees Payment
Creative writing class decision info?
Prefrosh looking for a summer course
Calculus Pre-requisite for STAT 134/140
Does anyone know about cs internships I could apply for next summer? I’m currently a sophomore
What books/journals have made you reflect on your own internal racism while here at Cal?
Engineering Math &amp; Stats
Do all classes with different prefixes (N, W, etc) actually count for the same requirements as the class without the prefix?
How hard is it actually to maintain a solid GPA at Cal?
How likely am I fked up?
How hard is it actually to maintain a solid GPA at Cal?
advice for someone who is already from the bay?
Lived in Boston and have always admired jaylen brown, but so proud of this cal bear. This is what makes our University great
Making friends as an online-r in a hybrid format?
Best housing at Berkeley for CS student?
Has anyone here tried the WiSE program in Stern Hall? (Housing Question)
Math 54 Requirement for the Statistics Major
Is it possible to retake a class I passed with an ap credit?
Stat140 prereqs enforced?
Do standing prerequisite matter?
Berkeley CS grad that doesn't like Software Engineering, what should I do?
Opportunities as a data science major.
Transfer to EECS from 4-year and Community College
I want to be a news reporter or work in news media in some kind of way. What can I do at Berkeley to solidify that?
What’s the biggest grade curve you have gotten in a class
Does anyone in Berkeley have a truck to help me move out? Will pay $40 for your time
Puff Bars for Sale (Peach Ice)
Perspective Transfer Student
anyone looking for on-campus housing roommates
Incoming Freshmen CS Planning
Courses on graph/network applications?
Question for commuters
MLK speaks in front of Sproul Hall (1967). Friendly reminder that Black Lives Matter, bears.
covid relief funds
Have all your questions answered, Class of 2024!
Looters in Berkeley
Is cal central down?
Tutoring Services for STAT134 Probability Material?
Which industries do you think will still have room for innovation/disruption, 5 years down the line?
Advice on major &amp; useful courses
seeking advice for CCC summer R1A
Revisiting Campus as Alumni
Community Colleges
Anyone encountering problems with CalCentral?
Prospective CS Majors: A Guide to Declaring Computer Science at Berkeley
View from Blackwell on one Sunny and Foggy day (November 2018)
Remember Kayla Moore who was killed by Berkeley PD in 2013
Skipping out of DATA 8 and Math 54 after finishing DATA 100 and EECS 16A+ EECS 16B
Blackwell dorms requirement
Unpopular Opinion
Any love for George Floyd?
average upper level class sizes?
Stewart Calculus Textbook 8th Edition
what would the career path be to management consulting?
CS70 prep?
The trees outside Mulford Hall in Spring 2020
Im gonna miss this sky (Durant Ave, today)
american cultures requirement
Viewing the Campanile from Fire Trails
Duke is gonna be in person
Freshman Schedule for pre-Haas Envi Sci Major?
Buying books
CS transfer fall schedule
How Hard is STAT 134?
How doable is STAT 134 (Lucas)?
Free cloud service credits for Cal students?
Campanile in Autumn! Missing those weird whomping willow trees...
Campanile meets Autumn! I actually miss those weird whomping willow trees...
View from Etcheverry
Piazza
why are there no oski stuffed animals
Good summer classes to take?
A view of campus from the top of Unit 3, three years ago
Campanile in Autumn...
REMINDER: George Floyd's Protest at Oakland is Tonight (May 29). Please Attend!
Can people not leave little bits of trash like this (sorry if it’s hard to see all the glitter/plastic confetti) for grad pics please?
A Tolkien-infused message from the Chancellor
GO BEARS
l&amp;s cs freshman schedule
Submitting transcripts
I’m with California Community Builders, a Berkeley based nonprofit focused on housing rights. This summer, we are conducting a research project on housing insecurity and homelessness among college students. If you participate in our survey, you will be entered into a raffle for a $25 gift card!!
Still no grade for P/NP class?
R&amp;C Part B class recommendations?
Unit 2 (May 2019)
Before shut down, Feb 2020
Campanile Feb 2020
How many minutes should I set for my “class padding”?
Does slader give away info like chegg?
Compared to the general UC berkeley population, are r/berkeley users more liberal or conservative?
Did library from Fall 2018
What is your GPA? (Poll)
The modern day continuation of /u/AmazingTailor4's picture of Berkeley labs, LBNL's Synchotron
CS 186
Staff at the Berkeley Lab sit atop the center of the cyclotron in 1938. Among them are 3 Nobel Laureates (including Ernest Lawrence) and J. Robert Oppenheimer, "father of the atomic bomb."
Sunset from outside I-House (November 2018)
what should i do if i got an NP for no reason
Did anyone take CS 162 Fall 2019 with David Culler?
FPF
Miss this
Is it unusual for a class to have a much bigger waitlist than normal?
CS majors: how can I get better at CS170
How representative is this sub of the actual student body?
classes that fulfill multiple breadths
Ibser or Stoyanov for Stats 20??
I did it guys I got a 4.0!!!
GSIs/professors not responding to my emails requesting my final letter grade
Incoming Freshman enrollment time
math 1a vs math 10a for pre-med
Appeal Process for Economic
Amazon Student Union lost my package that I dropped off. What can I do?
The Campanile
Near Berkeley firetrails
Protest for George Floyd
As a recent graduate
December by Doe ⭐️
CS 61B Prep
Negotiating Rent
Possible to late join a Summer Session?
For those of you who have served as the resident manager of your apartments in the south Berkeley area (near campus), what was the experience like and was it worth it?
Hearst Mining Building
Hearst Mining Pool Reflection
Hearst Mining Pool Reflection
Returning as reader from summer to fall
Moses Hall Courtyard. A favorite and calm spot!
"Virtual Open House" for Long Range Development Plan
A glimpse of heaven en route to moffit at 2 am, 3rd Dec 2019
Housing for FALL 2020-- Are you all submitting applications?
How do you think online classes will function forward?
More campus pics! Hearst Memorial Mining Building
Sather Gate: Fiat Lux
Help with moving.
Memorial Glade, 6pm, Fall '16, Midterms (Hence the empty grass)
Support Covid-19 Relief with your own Berkeley "Quaran-tee"! Add your shirt size to this google form: www.tinyurl.com/ShirtFacedTees - all profits go to DirectRelief.org's Covid-19 relief fund!
Which housing option would best fit a transfer student
CoC Sunset
Parking meters reactivate in Berkeley on Monday
Should I take 61A? (Major not related with CS or coding)
taken just after finals week in Fall 2018
How much linear algebra do you need to know for Data 100?
The Campanile Esplanade
Taking Chem 3A Without Significant Chem 1A Background?
Prep for Math 104?
4.0 Hill Fall sunsets are unmatched
has anyone taken anthro 3ac with karl?
Remember when we used to walk home from Moffitt/Main Stacks at 2 am?
This was the view from my dorm room this past year. Go bears
UCSD Alum Started a YouTube Channel talking about my Tech/SWE Experiences
RateMyDorm.com
The Usual View - Sept '19
Trees outside the VLSB
August '19 Golden Hour on the Campanile
Campanile way after some rain, Wednesday of Fall '19 Finals
Golden Gate from Campanile Steps, December '19
Not great quality but here’s my night photo
Sure, I’ll contribute as well
View from the Campanile
Computer Science podcast about upper divs
Is UC Berkeley the most photogenic university campus in US?
Michigan state goes... hybrid/in-person! Dominoes falling?
Michigan State goes... hybrid/in-person! Dominoes falling?
Does anyone here use Florian alumni funding?
Are you doing the PhD in Comparative Biochemistry?
Same big feller, but can you guess the location it was taken from?
Class resources
Who can guess where this was taken from?
Is it true that they are making the cutoff for declaring CS in L&amp;S more difficult?
digital humanities 101
How to withdraw from Berkeley
Doe Library in September '19
North Reading Room during Fall '20 Midterm Szn
Sun set from Berkeley Lab on the last day we had in-person classes. 3.10.20
I have an entire Instagram account dedicated to campus, so I guess I should join in.
Bears guarding the Campanile
Bears guarding the Campanile
Update on situation... Is No Pass or dropping the class a better option?
Would've Gotten an A
Where to print?
137A: Moore or Bousso?
Should I take L&amp;S W1?
The one picture of campus 90% of students have taken.
Grizzly Peak/ Fish Ranch Road. I’ve been trying to get some nice riding up there but there are also so many cars slowing down and stoping in the middle of the road or busting u-turns halfway through blind turns. Still a nice view. Ride safe!
A foggy view of the Campanile from October 2018
AP exam cancellation
Re-enacting Baby Driver's running scene on campus?
E27 with Brian Salazar Summer 2020?
189 Fall 2020
Severe clear day!
My contribution to all the great Berkeley pictures. A sunset from the fire trails.
South hall at UC Berkeley
With your help, I'll be putting together a somewhat comprehensive wiki for the subreddit, which should cut down the repetitive questions.
CS 70 homework/discussion solutions
Will summer lecture sessions be recorded and uploaded?
Math N54 instead of Math 54 for Haas
Math N1B vs Math N54 over the summer
Math54 over summer webcast
Frats?
International student california community college transfer
Is Applied Math + Physics Worth It?
Ghost
Declaring in CNR
Berkeley during Camp Fire
Nighttime View from the Big C
The walk back from Kresge during Big Game Week
Taken on the first day of freshman year. Still haven’t been to the top
Go bears!
The view from a certain room in Tan Kah Kee Hall
Guess I’ll join in on the sharing, heres the view from a very special room Tan Kah Kee Hall
Campanile with a golden backdrop
Michigan State IN-PERSON! Dominoes falling?
How many summer units qualify for 100% of the Summer Federal Pell Grant?
help with declaring econ
Collection of Cal Wallpapers by P&amp;T.
How much does getting a Haas degree do for aspiring tech entrepreneurs?
SLC Interview
Have E27 grades been released for anyone?
Anyone in UGBA 103 Want to Form A Study Group?
Rescinded?
Student Housing (near USC) for July 2020 - July 2021 / Shared Room in 2 Bedroom Apartment (Male only)
Hold on Residency Verification
when/where can i find spring 2021 courses?
[Academic/Reposted] Team of Vanderbilt students seeking feedback on our internship-matching start-up. Please fill out this survey so we can learn more about your professional interests and challenges. *Please upvote this, thank you!
Free 2 Unit Class for Incoming Freshmen! L&amp;S W1 (Jun 22 - Aug 14)
Suggestions for Online Tutoring Opportunities?
should i take the 9am class?
Fall Housing
How hard are summer courses?
Suggestions
UGBA Study.net Readings
UC Botanical Garden on a nice day like today
Berkeley Global/Extension
Captured at the view from Big C
S.O. asked me why I was taking photos of campus if I’d never look back at them. But that’s all I’ve been doing this quarantine. Taken December 2019
ee16b + data100 over summer?
Sunset in CMS
EEP Transfer
How to join the Berkeley Free &amp; For Sale facebook group?
Memorial Stadium Spotted in DECKER
I really appreciate everyone’s photos of campus :)
sproul plaza in the rain, a photo i took on one of my last days in Berkeley in mid-March, gob ears
Successfully Appeal CS Major?
Selling Puff Bars.
Math 55 Over the Summer at Berk
Can I skip a semester between Math 1B and 54?
Summer classes at a community college
Prerequisites for Haas over the summer
STAT C8 Waitlist
taking 2 back to back summer courses?
anyone taken integbi 31 with markowitz?
Berkeley MIDS - Data Science program interview request
Who else isn’t graduating with honors?
The best picture I’ve taken on campus, on the glade at sunset
Berkeley Transfer Scholarship?
Has anybody been able to get jobs/internships since the lockdown started? Specifically in CS/EECS
Stat C8 summer waitlist??
Anyone else who regrets keeping their classes P/NP?
Do we always get access to the free software or is it only during our time at Berkeley?
The view from the terrace outside Etcheverry
CS 170 Hiring Decisions?
2020 diplomas
Grade Appeal?
What happens after I declare CS?
Fill out the internship-matching survey for a chance to win $150!!!
What happens after I declare
Monta Vista High School
Right after sunset.
We're quickly approaching 40k subscribers. What can we do to make this place better for everyone? Also, quick reminder to always contact the mods when you feel something is wrong, and make sure you use the report button for anything breaking the rules.
Landlord appears to be breaking lease on utility bill
L&amp;S Foreign Language requirement
The view from the terrace outside of Etcheverry
Has anyone here ever stayed in any of the co-living communities in Berkeley? Was the experience good or bad?
Grade error
Dang
Cs 188 grades postponed??
Summer classes 2020 at a CC and freshmen edge
Opinion | We’re Reopening Notre Dame. It’s Worth the Risk.
Haas application??
How was the remote instruction for Physics 7B this past semester?
I regret skipping classes now, not sure if I’ll even get an in person semester before graduating in spring 2022
Anyone know of a reliable cell carrier around this area?
omg grades are out in 2 minutes
EECS 126 or CS 189?
Any smokeshop that does not ID?
Saw this homeless man today, glad I was able to help him
How do research units work?
ppl that are doing cs/physics double, do you feel rewarding?
IntegBi 31 vs Anthro 3AC vs Philos 12A?
How many of you guys never do the readings in your classes?
Stolen Bike Thread
fall UCBSO
Will I be Rescinded: Failing AP Stats... mother diagnosed with breast cancer, surgery, and recovering in 2nd semester
What’s your housing plan for Fall?
Aid went down multiple times, &amp; I’m mad
Stolen Bike Thread
USC vs UC Berkeley for a tech career in LA?
[shitp*st] What during the free speech movement Berkeley students didn't actually oppose war more than other universities, we just had worse GPA's so we couldn't dodge the draft as easily.
Some photos I took of the campus at the beginning of shelter in place.
math 54 vs stat 89a? data science major
Why Berkelium is more significant than you think!
Which classes are just not doable when online?
My first time up the Big C after I got in. What a ride it's been since then.
Is taking 7 units this summer doable?
Here’s my contribution. GO BEARS! GO CAL!
Reported for plagiarism. Consequences?
Opted in for grades but haven’t received them yet? Can anyone relate?
When will freshman housing offers be released?
Planning to visit campus
Haas BASE Summer Program
Er, wait list, crickets
Can I go under 13 units for a semester?
Position continue into next year?
Did anyone take DIGHUM 100 with Adam Anderson?
Data 8 or Public health 142
Recommended Psych courses to take as an incoming freshman this summer?
Regarding financial aid, refund that won't be disbursed
Do incoming freshman have to take any placement tests?
How difficult is it to gain readmission?
My beloved ‘63 Dodge Dart convertible was stolen last night in Berkeley. Please keep an eye out!
Here’s my contribution to all the campus posts!
Intro to logic reading recommendations ?
Residency Determination
Former Cal All-American Chelsea Spencer Named Softball Head Coach
Fall Housing
Academic dishonesty - will I get expelled?
Concepts of Probability Needed for STAT135
BIOENG 100 VS AFRICAM 134 for Data Ethics req
Four Year Graduation Rates by Public California University
Anyone got the Wardlaw's perspective in nutrition PDF ?
Successfully deferred admission stories?
Do you think that Berkeley will decrease it’s financial aid to students next year due to the hit it’s taking from corona?
Residency HOld
One of my classes hasn't put in grades yet, is this normal?
How easy/difficult is it to transfer to UC Berkeley from a 4 year school
I'm interested in what redditors on this sub think about videos like these. What are your opinions?
Summer CS Classes
Music Majors
Is parking a problem at Berkeley?
CS upper div advice
How will SLC adjuncts work for remote students?
Why Did You Choose Berkeley?
i think im in the minority when it comes to the fall semester
Desperately looking for work in Berkeley.
What does a typical L&amp;S CS grad do? Also what’s the expected salary?
Check out the 4th issue of equilibrium, Berkeley Economic Review's magazine. The featured articles explore a wide range of economic topics: from the economic effects of covid19 to antitrust regulations.
Has anyone used eChem1A and how does it compare to Chem 1A?
Info 213
Student
Miss Hearing the Campanile :(
Pros/Cons of each residence hall as a transfer student in engineering?
if a horse is a bad idea to come here?
Have you heard of University of Washington and its business school, Foster?
Missed out on graduation and pictures so I had this piece commissioned. Go bears!
Advice for future transfer to UC Berkeley as a Computer Science major
Any Kanye fans in here?
How do you study for 12 hours a day?
Summer R5B workload
Why is Cal ranked so low?
MEC ENG 110 difficultly as a non-meceng major??
help a bear out...easiest summer courses session A??
Anyone in UGBA 101A? Looking for a HW group
Downtown Berkeley: IKEA bed frame ($25) and mattress ($25). $40 if bought all together. Adjustable bed risers included and helps with storage (see black blocks below the bed legs). Available for pickup ASAP before May 31st morning. PM me, willing to negotiate! :)
Freshman year classes for EECS + Haas double major?
Getting rid of bulky items
Are There Any Pre-Reqs for Psych 110, and also Psych 101?
Any third tech recommendations?
Calculus Prerequisites for Math 54?
Which dorm is the best?
Do y’all think Econ 1 grades will be curved up?
FPF CS
Investing classes?
Does summer count as a semester for the purposes of declaring a double major?
Environmental Economics &amp; Policy - Upper Division Electives Approved List
Any places to do pull ups on or around campus?
How hard is ENVECON (EEP) C118 during Summer?
political science and political economy
What are people without internships doing?
AC petition
Bioengineering @ Berkeley not strong enough?
How to be a Data 8 Lab Assistant/Academic Intern in the fall?
Should I Take Data 100?
I miss you, Berkeley
Chances of CS classes expanding
Pass/No Pass Grading Option
is there still a way to pnp a class?
EEP in College of Natural Resources
Looking for a chemistry tutor
Withdrawal from Summer Sessions
Chegg cheating question
Fall online?
Received a NP for a CSM section
Do the financial aid grants count as income that needs to be taxed?
Understanding Non-Reportable Warnings
UGBA 102B or 103?
Looking for an easy A upper division class
188
College of Letters and Science majors?
Independent OOS
CS188 Academic Misconduct Email
NEED HELP. Accused of cheating.
Pay for business internships?
AC Course
What tang center services are still available
Any CS transfers willing to take the time to give advice to a community college student?
Thinking of majoring in CS but considering CogSci for design
How many of you are planning to stay at home for the 2020-2021 school year?
Someone Knowledgable about Assist.org: does this mean I only need to take ENGL B2 at the CC to get out of Berkeley’s R1A AND R1B?
UC Berkeley or USC?
Remote learning
Chem 3B with Debjani Roy?
Request to download a paper accessible only to UC Berkeley folks
How does one double major in two colleges?
cs61a over the summer?
How much should I get paid?
Is it worth it?
Please help me decide ASAP
Is this schedule suicide?
Is this schedule a suicide
Class Reserved Seats Question
To the start of summer, featuring the Glade
Review of CS 61B, CS 170, EECS 127, and Math 104
Chrome Extension that gives you context on what you read online - We were just featured on Product Hunt! Would Love Your Support!
UGBA 10 Curved This Semester?
Concurrent enrollment
Summer: Econ 1
Despite all the student arguments and the UC faculty voting against dropping SAT/ACT, the UC administrators went ahead dropping it anyway. Is the administrator's underlying intent to increase the number of URM and decrease the number of Asian students?
Summer: Math 1B and English R1B?
Mcb 32L over summer
Offered zero summer aid?
What’s the difference between Freshman Edge and Summer Bridge?
Artist on Telegraph
MecEng 191K for non-MecEng majors??
Math W53 proctoring
FALL 2020 Deferring or Withdrawing?
TIL U.S. President Herbert Hoover, as an undergraduate student, organized the first ever 'Big Game' football pairing between UC Berkeley and Stanford in 1892. It is now one of the oldest college rivalries in the United States.
questions about rochdale
Transcripts and how to send them
So we’re posting campus, aren’t we? here’s the sunset yesterday!
What happens next?
Is there a specific date that housing for freshmen comes out or is it generally around late may/june?
Which note-taking format do you prefer?
CARES refund paper mail
The Nightmare That Colleges Face This Fall
What is the best way to make money on campus?
Course rec for MechE Major looking for more mathematical depth?
Looking for apartments
Question about Major (Freshmen)
Upper div math classes to supplement CS-Physics double?
Any American Ninja Warrior fans??
Memorial Weekend: Thieves' Paradise
College admissions should have multiple standarized testing options that range in difficulty
UGBA107 Summer Session with Alan Ross
Who is more well known at Berkeley, Denero or Sahai
is anybody taking EECS 16A next semester?
What's UGBA 147 like?
For better or for worse, who is the most iconic professor in your department?
If I were a college applicant, instead of just having to spend money and time studying for SAT/ACT, I would now have to spend money and time studying for both SAT/ACT and the UC entrance exam?
SLR question
SAT/ACT Changes and OOS/International Students
Grades on CalCentral
Does anyone know where I could find any Upper Division H/SS courses that would also satisfy the American History requirement. I’m an incoming freshmen and not too sure how to go about finding this type of class. If you have any suggestions of classes like this please let me know. Thanks!
Libraries
Survey - University Students' Responses/Attitudes to COVID: Amazon Gift Card Raffle at End!
Quick question about units:
Online questionnaire on the impact of covid-19 worldwide
Clubs for fall
Free IKEA bed frame (full)
SyllabiShare Beta
Has anyone heard from their professor for summer courses yet? (Session A)
Are student organizations student clubs at ucb?
Review of CS61B with Hilfinger
National University of Singapore will reopen its 40,000 student campus in August by splitting into five zones
Sell Your Car For Cash Instantly In Berkeley Heights, NJ
Has anyone in Econ 1 seen their final grades?
SHIP alternative?
If you double major and do a minor, can your minor overlap 1 class from each major?
What to do about summer rent?
Paging u/NicholasWeaver for his thoughts on this virus mitigation strategy
Someone cheated off me, what do I do now?
If I apply for financial aid after June 1, will I get a refund for any fees I end up paying that year?
Cog sci 1 textbook
CS70 with Rao
How do you view cases you submitted? Undergrad here
BASE Program
Chances of On-Campus DeCals happening?
Regents’ scholarship monetary offer
Psych 4 (Emotional Intelligence) over the summer?
Graduate seminars for an undergrad?
Oh how I’ve missed you, Berkeley!
PB HLTH 142 thoughts?
UGBA 10 at a CC?
Time for Change! San Francisco (CA-12)!
Please explain how class enrollment and reserved seats work
Odds RSF reopens on the 31st?
P/NP for Community College Classes?
UC Academic Senate’s leadership assembly last week voted 51-0 in support of keeping SAT and ACT
UC should keep SAT and ACT as admission requirements, faculty report says
The ACT gave me, a low-income student, the chance to go to UCLA
Enrollment for ESPM50AC
What is it like being a Chemistry undergrad?
Chances of getting into STAT 140
Looking for Internship Ideas
Watch this!
Why the Departure of the SAT and ACT Is Good and Just
Is it possible to double major in statistics and MCB?
Lmao tuition money machine go brrr
STAT C8 During Summer 2020
COVID scholarship
Bio 1B replacement for premed biology requirement?
Math N16B or Stat W21?
UCB vs. UCSB...and also transferring from CED to L&amp;S
Is this Udemy course a good class to help me prepare for CS70 next semester?
Love you UC Berkeley
Econ 2 Final Exam
summer fees
How do I get a copy of my unofficial transcript?
If I take a class PNP at a community college, can I still get the prereq fulfilled?
Summer R1A
CS 188 Grades?
CS 188 Grades?
Well that’s interesting
When all but one final grade for your classes come in and you just
Freshman Edge workload
How Stanford Lost Its Soul
How Stanford Lost Its Soul
One a side note, Oski is the perfect mascot. Saw this on Loop a bit ago and I thought it was comedy heaven
This is what 'greed gets you' the change on the ACT, SAT policy in the UC's.
special programs in Berkeley Engineering?
Bacon Mac and Cheese from Triple Rock Brewing in Berkeley, CA
What do y’all think?
Can I have a little rant about the math department here? Am I taking a lot of things eecs does for students for granted?
How will the axing of standardized test scores in admissions affect the value of our degrees?
EECS vs L&amp;S
Is it possible to graduate early as a Chem major at CoC?
How did you meet your best friend/group?
Is dorm assignment random?
Transfers, what do you love about Berkeley?
Grad students in this sub?
CS 186 and Math 54 Class Review
Why is the UC decision to get rid of SAT/ACT good?
Class review: CS 186, Math 54
What will happen once UCs phase-out SAT/ACT?
Necessary to prep for ee16a
Class of 2020 google drive and bcourses
Involvement for CC Transfer Students
What are the odds I get off the waitlist for CS 170!?
CS 70 vs Math 55
questions about job placement for cogsci
How do you view cases you submitted
Question about scholarships
Math N54
Campus was not announced to reopen but the University of California decided to end the use of SAT and ACT test scores in the admissions process. I do not believe that this is in the best interest of future, current and past students of UC Berkeley and Oski is big sad. Day 8
Kiwibot s/o from Nvidia's CEO!
Should I Attend Berkeley or MIT?
Had to recreate two of my favorite restaurants. Go Bears.
Monsters University is UC Berkeley 😂
If i am rejected from GMP will I be considered from l&amp;s?
Has anyone taken chem 1a over the summer? If so how was it
Summer Financial Aid
2020-2021 Housing Application
Campbell 10th edition for Bio 1b
Was that rent reduction bill ever passed?
Freshman Edge Financial Aid
Course reviews for CS189, EECS127, and Stat 135
ucla who?
Anyone heard of this guy?
More course reviews
SRC Undergraduate Research Program
Congrats, Class of 2020. Keep your Berkeley email address.
Did anyone get Regents Scholarship?
Will there be an online format option for Fall 2020 if campus reopens?
University of California Will End Use of SAT and ACT in Admissions
Review of CS 189(Spring 2020)
No academic standing???
How light/heavy is this courseload?
How to pay for summer classes?
Review of EECS126 with Ramchandran
Should I do 2 part-time internships or 1 full-time internship?
What's the chances of me getting off Econ 141 waitlist?
UCB College of Chemistry
I miss u/hornyasianbro
Go Booker!!!!
Do you think UC Berkeley is worth it the OOS tuition?
Is it harder to get into Math dept or L&amp;S as transfer?
CoE Waitlist (freshmen admissions)
Geog N20 with prof Chari Summer 2020
EECS 127, Physics 137A, Math 185 too much?
EPS 20 (Earthquakes In Your Backyard) OR Astron 10
The University of British Columbia Vancouver's COVID-19 Study (Mod Approved)
Should I skip Math 1A and 1B? (MechE major)
Shoutout to all the new 2020 Cal ALUMNI!
CS61a during freshmen edge or fall
Why Berkeley
UC Regents vote on college entrance exam use in university of california undergraduate admissions today.
Zoom update email
Review of Math 53
UC Berkeley Library remains open virtually, ready to help students
Make me like berkeley.
Realistic admission criteria for CS degree
Paper Reviews
Co-authorship Opportunity | Quantitative Social Science Paper | Python/Pandas
Easiest/Hardest topics in CS70
What should I learn in order to be a software engineer?
This pandemic has shown me who people really are
physics 8a grading
transfer coursework from berkeley city college
Transfer student being asked to report AP Scores for Exams that I never took.
Grad stole
Marc 🅱️isher and Carol Christ appreciation post for being good sports about all the Memes.
Housing help
Does anyone have an extra NWT Berkeley Grandpa shirt? Willing to pay extra
How did the CS61A midterm and final work if it's online? I'm wondering since I'm taking it over the summer online.
Berkeley Master of information and data science (MIDS) program - interview request
Review on EE 16B
Workload + Course Advice
Review on CS61A
Cal Gear
Math 55 vs CS 61A in the summer ?(transfer student)
Campus open in fall!!
Just graduated, and came back to get the last of my things. Thank you, Berkeley, for letting me study at the school of my dreams :)
Online option guaranteed or not
Anyone have the pdf for the nutrisci 10 textbook? It is not on libgen
For those that did not receive any CARES Act funds
Review on CS 186
Review on CS 61C with Weaver
fuck i have a UC berkeley fetish
Math 110 &amp; Math 113?
is berkeley going to rescind for 2nd semester grades?
Anyone know if barber shops are open in Berkeley?
Coronavirus: University of California campuses will open in the fall, Napolitano says
UCB vs. UCSB
Incoming Freshman Summer Minor— workload?
:(
STAT W21 or ECON 100B - Summer 2020
[Warning] Beware of people posting about freelance jobs in r/berkeley.
Judge: UC can be sued for discrimination against low-income students due to use of SAT, ACT exams for admissions
UC Berkeley tops U.S. public, fourth-best overall in QS World rankings
Posting Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 7. Happy one week of Oski!!
How do we check what position we are in a discussion waitlist?
Does anyone have the math 53 online textbook?
JOB: Berkeley Student Needed for Ongoing Freelance Work
Nation Public University Rankings
LINGUISTICS 100
How hard is it to switch from Mechanical Engineering to EECS?
Math 54 and CS 61c?
How many languages do y'all speak?
Input Needed - Designing an Online Class
Online internship
CS 61A and CS 70 over summer?
Jaguar Karaoke is in danger of closing permanently due to the coronavirus crisis. Please consider donating to keep the business (and the family that runs it) afloat during these times!
Review on Data 8
Go Bears!
NYU attempts Blockeley-esque VR graduation, fails miserably
How is the parking experience at Berkeley?
UC Jazz time commitment?
Fernando Perez DATA 100 Reviews
Course Advice (Fall 2020)
Cambridge University is Online until Summer 2021
Cambrige is online untill Summer 2021
Til when can I cancel summer and still get a full refund?
Are incoming freshmen allowed to take summer sessions?
cs61a over the summer
Looking for Cal students interested in a side job (helping high school students!)
Why doesn't Cal have an economics minor?
Summer Data 8 lab waitlist
At which community college can I take English R1B course online as an international student?
Advice about applying for clubs?
Parent lost job, how do I get more financial aid?
Personalized Graduation Stoles?
Fall internships on F-1 visa
Really SPECIFIC Question! Hope you one of you guys can answer :)
housing scam??
Dropping 1 summer class while staying on waitlist for another
University of California system becomes nation’s largest to divest fully from fossil fuels
Would this be helpful for your classes? If so, how?
Stop Jaguar Karaoke from shutting down!!!
Are you able to see grades once GSI's enter them into cal central, or only after the professor of the class has approved them and submitted them? For one of my classes the professor said that GSI's have already entered grades, but he has not approved them just yet.
Where to apply for Data 8 GSI/tutor?
Love seeing posts like these! So proud of all of you for graduating Berkeley amid this pandemic! Signed, an old bear ('89) :)
Do you need someone to talk to? We're here to listen!
Berkeley or UCLA Economics?? (Help me!)
Numerade educator as an international student?
Advisor
What happens to my Cal accounts and online access if I choose to take a gap year?
Potential EECS Transfer
Berkeley is my top choice, and I really like the M.E.T program. However, it is insanely competitive. Am I allowed to put a second choice L/S?
For the Parent Information form can I add a sibling under the age of 18?
Do you need to put 2 parents for the Parent Information Form?
Stat 153 Workload
Bio 1b before 1a?
Admissions Officer never get back to me
Not good news :( -&gt; Cambridge University moves all lectures online until summer 2021 | UK news | The Guardian
Scheduling for the new year
Poem written in prison by Amineh Ester, 42. Years after incarceration, Ester has just graduated from Berkeley!
Partial IGETC??
Summer Class Suggestions?
What happened with physics 8A?
How necessary are the Transfer Tuesday events?
NYU to resume in-person classes in fall
I don't go here, but I think(?) you guys are about done with your school year (according to UCBMFET), so sharing the graduation gown I designed with UC colors. Congrats everyone (and go Bears!)
Srijani Ghosh for R1B?
B.A. in Comp Sci at Berkeley vs B.S. in Web Dev at Purdue
Physics 7b grade
When you P/NP all of your classes and it turns out your GPA would have increased if you left them at letter grade
Physics 7B at CC over Summer
Let's go!
Help a Nervous Transfer Bear
UCB Students in 1975
CS 61B
Possibility for doing cs major
Berkeley on The New York Times!
Berkeley on the Daily Telegraph!
Are there any benefits of having a DS minor as a CS major?
Difficulty of Data 8
Congratulations
How much work is Data 8 and one of those ethics classes?
FPF as a Pre med
Can incoming freshman take summer courses at a community college?
Thoughts on Econ C103 (or Math C103)?
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 6.
Hey, any Berkeley student need a job?
Go Bears!
Right now
Check these hand made Cal beverage sleeves - hand made here in California. Go Bears!
Will you travel to Berkeley if fall semester is online only instruction?
Do you all recommend taking a summer course?
Berkeley Waitlist Decisions for International Students - Have they released for anyone yet?
Getting Research as an Undergrad
RIP Stat 135
Does anyone have the EPS N82 syllabus? Will Venmo for it
Breaking News! What up Bears! I hope you guys are doing well! I am an anteater looking for support from every UC. At this very moment we are in a dead heat battle against CSUF in Tokyodachi Ig story.
Public Health Minor
UC Berkeley waitlist glitch
Do you have a brain or compassion?
How does Data 8 waitlist work?
New Student here. Did you all accept or decline the Title IV Authorization?
Noob Question, but what are considered LD electives?
#SameTeam
Does anyone have the link for the free New York Times and The Economist subscriptions with the Berkeley email?
Summer Data 8 + Stat W21
Anyone misses Moffitt 5th floor's chairs? Needs help identifying them!
Recent and not so-recent grads, what do you do?
Demography 180?
Summer CS 61A
Young professional seeking friends
Confused About Majors
MATH N16B equivalency
Do you hate Stanford
Donation Bins
GO SHAHID GO!!
One huge L and a big F
Anyone else taking stats 2 this fall?
How much time commitment for Summer Courses
Rent Reduction
Question about student loans
Quality of Summer Courses
Stat/CompSci C8 (Data 8) not open yet?!
Summer R1A workload?
How to choose a professor for Chem 1A
YEA. SLAY QUEENZ THE HILL
Watch!
Exit Loan Counseling Hold on Calcentral
financial aid questions
Opinions on partially remote instruction for Fall 2020?
Grades of bCourses
Summer aid
Loan Exit Interview Solution Calcentral
Taking a reduced unit load next semester vs. taking a semester off. Cost vs. health :///
loan exit interview
Transfer Advice for CS 70?
How big will 61B course staff be?
Can I take Math 1A at cc over the summer and take Math 1B the following summer? (incoming freshman tryna dodge calc at UCB)
good 1-unit classes?
Ms. Jules Means, Sociology '20, graduates at 67 with plans for an MSW. "It’s never too late to achieve your aspirations in life."
AP Scores not received on CalCentral
Experience Lab?
Stupid Question: But can I wear red?
UGBA 162 Workload/Difficulty
Is my fall schedule too much?
anyone looking for a last-minute 162 partner this summer?
Chem minor as an MCB major
Posting pictures of Oski until Campus is announced to reopen. Day 5
How will asynchronous classes work this summer?
China a Rising Destination for Higher Education (CGTN)- UC Berkeley discussed at 6:10 mark
Data 8 final grade
Transfer Waitlist UC Berkeley Architecture
EECS16A vs EECS16B
What fall 2020 should (would, could, might?) look like
With Covid, how many people are trying to get rid of their rent agreement?
Anybody really struggle with the 61 series but still work as a software developer?
Online Internship
Any 4 + 1 MPH students here?
Summer 2020 - My Workload
LEGO Star Wars UCS Millennium Falcon 75192 TIME LAPSE BUILD
University of South Carolina holding in-person classes in the fall until Thanksgiving, online only afterwards
EECS Major interested in Logic - What should I add as a second major?
Would you make out with Oski?
Hours/wk workload of 162?
No financial aid for the summer session?
Taking class at Berkeley and CC over summer
anyone take the free courses for incoming freshmen?
What is the workload like for 3 technicals?
How is this workload? (Transferring math major)
Looking for Golf Partners
STAT 140 Enrollment
What did you do the summer after freshman year?
Essex House
When is the deadline to pay for 2020 Summer classes?
Someone convince me pizza/pasta is healthy
Is campus still open?
Summer Classes for EECS freshman
I AM NOT READY FOR OREGAIRU S3
Farewell to UC Berkeley's Class of 2020
Berkeley alumni Preston Hotchkis, Glenn Seaborg, and Edwin Pauley entertaining Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon at the Bohemian Grove (1967)
Math 10A or Math 1A?
UC Berkeley vs Stevens Institute of Technology (job opportunities)
is there a deadline for grades to be submitted?
Are the OCF servers down ?
Can anyone else not access the direct deposit portal?
So, no non-Tenured lecturers in the Fall? (40% fewer Professors)
This is great!
UGBA 10 Final Grade
Computer science transfers, what was your first year schedule?
Regarding MECENG 191K
FPF?
Nutri Sci 10 + CS61A over summer?
Outdoor Piano back?
Happy 109th birthday to Berkeley's first chancellor, Clark Kerr, father of the American public university!
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 4
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 4
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 4
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 4
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 4
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 4
Is it possible to graduate a year early as a MechE major?
Apple Refurbished: Ipad Pro Experiences?
Any filler 2 unit class for summer?
Where are you from?
A Community for Interns
Transfer Admissions Question regarding California Residency
Pure Math Major Taking Econ Classes
Stolen This Morning at Dawn: Cameras, Drone, Laptop, Hard Drives, Microphones
How prerequisitey is EE16A for EE16B?
How stupid do you have to be to need to cheat on exams this semester?
Summer courses
Possibility of delaying fall?
Second Law of Thermodynamics and Heat Engines #11
Blockeley is going down. Consider this a revolution.
sneakpeek of my bruteforceOP grinder. used it to log in as Carol’s minecraft account. the Blockeley admins are next. you will regret banning me. trust no identity on Blockeley. (no information was stolen, and there is no malicious intent behind this)
why isn't imt decal offered anymore?
What Summer Classes Should I Take?
Cryptogram I found in Soda
R1Bs Fall 2020
Online CS 61A over the summer?
"College Decision Video": Quarantine Edition
Is establishing a UC GPA before applying to internships necessary!
ECON 100B Summer Difficulty
Time for Progressives to replaced the corporatists.
ECON 100A/UGBA 101A Textbook
CS61B Appreciation Post!
Seriously. Shahid Buttar (@ShahidForChange) needs to win in November!
Guidance through high school for Berkeley
Happy Graduation, Bears!
Looks like UCSD is confirmed hybrid
Requesting a D+ to be considered a P
So BIO 1A grades got hacked...
Is finding housing in Berkeley always a fucking nightmare??
Summer 20-hour TA question
Leetcode buddy for 3hrs a day, 5AM to 8AM
To the people that posted Math 110 final questions on Chegg:
Has anyone taken the freshman summer “Berkeley changemaker: a discovery experience” or “L&amp;S: exploding the liberal arts”? Thoughts?
Spring 2021
From Blockeley, thank you guys &lt;3
Classes to take along with an internship?
Thank you, students of Berkeley
Taking Math 16B for Haas
Not the fake OG commencement speach. Plentie of jobs.
Jobs/internships
Exit Loan for Freshmen?
First the frats party at the Campanile, then this. Fuck SAE
Which bank should I choose?
Regarding Technology Firm Leadership INDENG 171
join my summer reading circle/book club
Shoutout to Blockeley! Server and streaming limitations aside, this was an amazing event and a meaningful fundraiser! Go bears &lt;3
Shoutout to Blockeley! Sever and streaming limitations aside, this was an amazing event and a meaningful fundraiser! Go bears &lt;3
Thanks for the memories &lt;3
Appeal
ECON 100B Summer 2020 Textbook &amp; Difficulty?
ap exams
You guys wanna get together Sunday 2pm and have our own mini "commencement"/gathering?
meaningless venting
Summer Bridge sign up??
LEAVE THE MINECRAFT SERVER BITCH IM TRYING TO GRADUATE!!!!
Can someone please tell me the server IP for the Blockley campus on Minecraft?
Inconsiderate Idiots Trashing the Campus smh
P/NP transfer from CCC
SLC Tutoring
Any way to prep for CS 61A?
61B and 61C together
Has anyone here gone through the independence appeal process?
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 3
twitch live stream graduation
Knowing what you know now, would you choose Cal again?
Phone call with tech recruiter- what should I ask?
Summer 61B vs Econ 136 With Internship
Summer Math 1B
Can I take summer classes the summer after senior year?
Stat 88 or stat 20?
Summer Grading Policy
Get off the Transfer waitlist
SENIOR YEAR CLASS OF 2021 LET'S GOOO
Outside Scholarship help?
Econometrics Help?
Housing question for people who already signed leases
Summer Classes
Another Stanford vs Berkeley Decision Question
Introductory chem class for non-chemistry major?
Math 54 final srivasta
If the class is asynchronous, is the discussion session asynchronous too?
ok what is up with the dead silence in discussions
Did anyone do FPF and CS (or a major with courses not really offered at FPF)?
so I definitely just failed a class I needed to graduate this semester
R5B requirement
In the spirit of a triple finals... @61A...
189 final
TAKING THE GRADE WAS A MISTAKE
Cal Alumni Achievement Award Program Interview
How to select a Berkeley pathway?
Summer class timing conflict
Anyone get notification about Regents Scholarship?
Neal Brennan visits Berkeley with The Lonely Island (Adam Sandler's Group)
This is so true. Vote them out. Shahid Buttar in San Fran. and Charles Booker in Kentucky!
Can I take a major req class at a CC and have it count?
please help dumb bear
Switching College at UC Berkeley
Why you built like that
CS170 Final Has "negative grading" (negative points for wrong answers) - Piazza very angry
Math 54 Summer Study Group
Return Textbooks??
CS70 Summer Study Group
[Serious/Rant] How many of you on here have parents paying for all your expenses (rent, tuition, etc.)?
Posting pictures of Oski until campus is announced to reopen. Day 2
CS 170 + CS 188 (Workload and Chances of Getting A Spot)
If possible, would you want UC Berkeley to become a private university?
WE JUST FINISHED FINALS!
Whoever told you that 1 summer unit ≈ 2 semester units sucks at basic math
Best use of remaining meal plan points?
Data Science Minor Electives?
TRANSFERS
Recommendations for upcoming Transfer L&amp;S C.S major this fall?
Is there a time limit for Transfer students to graduate?
2020 Transfer - UC Regents Scholarship Results
61bl and Data 8 for summer 2020?
Advice on taking CS188
TA position vs internship
In awe of Blockeley: commencement will include Mojang staff, the co-founder of Twitch, Lil B, the CEO of Razer, and dozens of EDM artists. Go bears!
Emergency Evacuation (compensation) funds
Stat 20 Final
Math 53 final: The Instructors Strike Back
Some CS questions…
Is it harder getting in as a ugsi over summer or fall?
Posting pictures of Oski until Campus is announced to reopen. Day 1
a rant about privilege during covid-19
Are there any placement exams for incoming freshmen students?
Econ 100B Hawkins attendance?
stat 154 with Gaston Sanchez Trujillo
For people like me who are into listening to music while studying...
FPF help
UC, CSU to lose 10% of state funding in new California budget proposal
UCEAP screws over students because COVID-19 was a “foreseen circumstance”
Summer TA?
fall 2020 student jobs??
Thoughts on Math 53 final?
Why did i take all my classes for grade
Berkeley Will Fully Close Its Streets to Create Giant Outdoor Dining Rooms
Finals got me like
Both College Breadth Requirements?
Is anyone else having trouble with Blockeley?
Pre-dental majors are Berkeley?
Incoming freshman that can pass out of Math 1A and 1B, as well as Physics 7A. Is this advisable?
Anyone here dropped CS 61B because they couldn't finish the Notorious G.I.T.?
Coffee Art|Jack Sparrow|Pirates of the Caribbean|Coffee Painting 2020|Tr...
Anywhere near campus where I can print one piece of paper?
Do "N" prefix classes (Summer) towards major requirements?
CS70 Summer- Help for someone bad at Math
Simultaneous degree between COE and L&amp;S, while premed (I know...)
CS plus pre-med at Cal?
What's the best econ course for non-majors who are just casually interested in the subject?
Shahid for Congress!
Stat W21 over the summer? (w/ internship)
haas prereq at community college
Berkeley in a nutshell -- what they don't tell you in the welcome packets
Be straight up w/me, do I have any chance of getting into data 8?
Berkeley Waitlist
taking R1B @ a CCC
I'm curious. How many of you have actually cheated during your time at Cal?
FINANCIAL AID HELP!!
U-Haul Parking
Does Berkeley refund housing deposits?
Taking Discrete Math at CC to prepare for CS 70
Are there any public restrooms near campus that are still open?
Can we get an F in the chat
Ee16a final
How hard is it to get a B+ on CS70? (in the summer if it matters)
Anyone taking CS186 this semester?
Employed India-Grow your Business
How is enrollment time determined for incoming freshman? Random?
How hard was the CS req classes for those who dont have programming experience?
[RANT] F 16B Final
How much $$ do TAs make?
Prospective Chemical Engineer (PLEASE HELP ASAP)
CS 188 slack channel?
If I’m not taking an AP test for something I signed up for, do I have to notify anyone?
Man...sometimes I feel like I really missed out.
Current Cal students, how's online classes going for you? (especially yall in CoC)
What are some tips for a new transfer at Cal?
Unsure to do combat cheating accusation 61A
How is Chem 3A over the summer with Marsden?
John only wanted to eat mary, his love was only for potstickers.
61c + 170 + 188 Fall?
Enrollment Time Fall 2020 Incoming Freshman
Moretti and econ 1 this past semester?
DO COURSE EVALUATIONS!
International students, are you considering takin next semester off?
Have most classes settled their dishonesty problems?
Do I postpone taking ASTRO C10 if in-person classes are canceled?
Questions concerning the credit ceiling: is it possible to stick around get a double major + a minor?
Over 50% of CS61B students can realistically end up with an A this semester...
Grading Option Sadness...
Cc summer classes
Final "Solutions" was just a pic of Sahai
UCLA tells faculty to prepare for remote fall quarter, official plans unannounced
Follow these people and spread the word about them!!
What to do with library books as graduating senior?
Been stuck for years since transferring. Only need one online class to graduate and it's full. Can I waive this due now to COVID-19?
It’s time to take off the gloves against Chinese cybercrime
Online School Services
When you’re studying...
Is Berkeley Alumni Assocation worth it?
EMERGENCY DROP HELP
CS 61B FINAL SOLUTIONS
CARES Act Eligibility
cal student store
Question abt Blockeley Music Festival
CS
For all my fellow 2020 seniors: free dozen Krispy Kreme donuts on 5/19!
If you could take 2 mins to fill out this 4 question survey, I would really appreciate it! Feedback will be used to build a product to help Berkeley students and surrounding local restaurants !
Parts of Al-Kitaab Covered in ARABIC 1B
Has anyone bought from the dude around north berkeley?
Emory prof admits to Chinese spy ring involvement
Difficulty of 61b final?
Online decals for fall?
Freshman or Transfer student
Returning Student After 13-Year Hiatus!!!
Defer Admission
STAT 88 Final Exam
Follow up to my most recent post about my stolen motorcycle. Just received images of the thief from Berkeley Police, seems like the guy is local to the area. Guy has red hoodie, red shoes, grey backpack, and black helmet... be on the lookout.
Is there a way where I can contact the UC Berkeley Admissions Office? I can't reach their phone number or admissions officer
Does anyone know when housing offers will be released for incoming freshmen?
Does anyone know when housing offers will be released for i coming freshmen?
Does anyone know when housing offers for incoming freshman.
Time for Pelosi to go, and for SHAHID BUTTAR to take her seat!
How do you apply for cs internships?
How to talk to recruiters for CS internships?
Time to #VoteGreen this November!
Are students allowed to sit and hang out on Memorial Glade during the SIP?
Pelosi Introduces Horrible $3 Trillion Relief Bill. Time for her to go.
Memes to Cheer Up Fellow Bears
Accepted to Mechanical in CoE. How hard would it be to double major with the second being EECS?
Accepted as a Mechanical Engineer. How hard would it be to double major with my second being EECS?
has anyone taken the espm 50ac final?
UC Berkeley Frat Boy appearance on Jubilee!
Let's get Shahid Buttar in the House (@ShahidForChange)
Question for Previous Zettl Physics Students
Berkeley Waitlist
Things to do to stay productive?
Summer Session I: Environmental Injustice
E7 and W53 summer tips
University of California should suspend SAT and ACT admission requirement, university system president says
Incoming freshman here. What is the University Village?
Financial Aid
Berkeley CS and EECS kids, I need advice. I love CS and I want to have money, but I hate recruiting.
QUARANTINE PSA 👏: just because we are in a pandemic does not mean we are devoid of 12th-century Byzantine Eastern-Orthodoxy morals.
For those of us who may have been considering taking fall semester off :/
For anyone who might have been considering taking off fall semester :/
my final is tommorow
Considering Cog Sci
Film Degree: Workload, Expectations?
Transfer Regents
Econ 2 Final Exam
For personal reasons I will be dropping out of school
How to get into grad school with a low GPA:
cs61c, cs16b, or cs170?
i am wailisted for math 1a for summer
Ungraded Part I Stat 140
Why do you like CS?
stat 2
What do people normally do with their housing during summer and extended periods where they aren't at berkeley?
CS61B Past Final Exam Answers?
Are these EE classes discontinued?
After hearing the announcement from CSUs that they will not be opening campuses in the Fall due to the risk of infection is too high, Do you think UCs will do the same?
UC: Campuses unlikely to fully reopen in fall due to COVID-19 outbreak
When will I be able to enroll for fall classes?
Any Cal Administrators on here...
Trying to find: Philippino guy who sat next to me (blonde girl) on the flight from Copenhagen to Oakland August 2019. He's studying at UC Berkeley.
Info 188 Available to take Fall 2020
Psychology of Sleep (Psych 133) available to take in fall
How many of you are getting an apartment in Berkeley for the fall?
MATH 16B Final Welp
Chipotle app bad
Anyone taken EALANG 101?
Remote volunteering ideas
incoming freshmen &amp; transfers realizing they might not be able to come to campus this fall :(
If admissions approves your deferral request, can you back out?
If admissions approves your deferral request, and you back out?
Does Dan Garcia take 5th year master's students?
CMV: Zoom classes might be permanent at UC Berkeley.
Are grades saved for classes that you PNPed?
Physics in EE16A
The Berkeley at Home Variety Show
Did gift aid for 2020-2021 come out?
Olufeme Ogundele’s email address?
Help cleanse UCLA reddit of anti-color users
TIL the first level of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 is based on our campus
Shared housing available for 1 or 2 quiet, responsible cat-friendly people
Current Cal students paying Out-of-state tuition, how much are you paying?
CSUs will offer Fall 2020 classes online only.
Cal Alumni Jaylen Brown's 10 Things He Can't Live Without | GQ Sports
I got admitted off the UC Berkeley waitlist. I would love to attend Berkeley but I feel that I’m not smart enough to compete with all the other students. My grades/test scores are in the low 25th percentile. Should I just go for it and commit?
GPA Calculator for P/NP
Marry me? Does anyone want to get married for proving financial independence and getting bigger grants? I m assuring you I m not kidding and it is legal. I just don t want to get in huge debt. If anyone is interested in the same thing message me
Financial Aid Disbursment
Cool Berkeleytime easter egg discovered
Financial Aid
How often do they refresh the instructor information on course catalog?
Hey yalls, a fellow Berkeley student here. Made a music video to celebrate becoming a Zoom University student. I hope yalls enjoy. Youtube: https://youtu.be/3tVKRhdhGVk
Zoom University
Zoom University
Withdrawing for a semster
How important is EE 16A/B to being a CS major?
Difference between linguistics minor and applied language studies minor?
2020-21 Financial Aid -- nothing???
MCB at Berkeley
Do current students recommend the Freshman Edge program?
ORMS Major?
I’m seriously thinking about marrying for in state tuition. Anyone interested? NO it’s not a crime, it s legal; NO I’m bot kidding:)
Cal Central Not Letting Me Enroll? Help!
anyone has the experience of failing a class?
UC President Napolitano recommends dropping the SAT, ACT tests
ATTENTION NUSCTX 10 STUDENTS
Two student investors talk about the Berkeley startup scene and how to break into tech.
Advice for 16A
“Just do your best and you’ll pass”
Loud and low flying plane in Berkeley 2:15 AM Tuesday
Minoring in music?
Floor is...
ee16a bins
Fraternities
Should I take Econ (Micro and Macro) over the summer?
Why do you hate Stanford University?
Why are you against online classes?
Those living off-campus , where do you live?
Those AGAINST Fall 2020 online classes, what is your grade level?
Those in FAVOR of Fall 2020 online classes, what is your grade level?
Seeking Participants for Focus Group Research on COVID-19 Impact (college undergrads who took calculus in spring 2020)
Has anyone ever failed the same class twice?
What’s a good minor with a Poli Econ major ?
Drop your reading recommendations!! Could be any novel, memoir, book for academic enrichment, etc..
whatd yall think of the 188 final
Marriage for In-State tuition?
Help me choose a minor!
The absolute joke that is this year's University Medal
CS Prerequisites at Community College?
126 with Parekh or 127 with Bayen?
Regents' and Chancellor's Scholarship
Those who are in FAVOR of Fall 2020 being online, what is your grade level?
Those who are AGAINST Fall 2020 being online, what is your grade level?
Incoming student here. Which residence halls are most convenient for engineering freshman in terms of location?
What’re you planning on doing if Fall semester is online?
Rejection turned out great for Berkeley's top graduating senior. A public health warrior with a sense of purpose and humor, Anna Boser is the 2020 winner of the University Medal.
(In-State, Off-Campus Student) About how much UC Berkeley gift-aid do you get PER YEAR?
(In-State Student, Off-Campus) About how much UC Berkeley gift-aid do you get?
How much in UC Berkeley gift-aid do/will you get as an in-state student?
Does A level further math skip math 53 and 54
Regret Taking a Course for a Letter Grade
Berkeley vs. Irvine
Recent graduates and seniors, how is the job market right now?
Good luck on finals, from Cal professors! [wholesome]
Good luck on finals, from your professors and administrators! [wholesome]
What CS upper divs to take for last year in Cal?
Why does every post on r/Berkeley have the “Travel” flair?
Jobs on Campus?
Why is it on the course catalog for spring 2020 does it say classes are full?
Good luck on finals, from your professors and administrators! [wholesome]
Hey, do you like to listen to background music while studying? [discussion]
Tldr of Christ’s call thing today
Do you use to listen to background music while studying? [discussion]
I just got in off the waitlist and I’m AFRAID. Please placate me with empty lies
Sorry About Wild Grading
rip econ 2
haas director flees covid in hawaii, is profiled in the nytimes and asks "It makes me wonder if I’m robbing my kids of the experience of understanding what the world is going through. Are they not going to relate to their peers because they will have experienced this time in such a different way?”
Forgot to fill in course evaluations.
Kingman Hall Coop
Project-Oriented Clubs as a Junior?
61BL or 61B in the summer for better grade?
Will “Dropping” a course impact my admission?
Question for Haas students
How tf do you manage a double major cs and math. At one point after finishing all the breadth requirements, won’t you be taking multiple upper div math and cs courses per semester? That sounds kinda crazy.
Where to purchase merch during COVID?
Summer Class
I opened a new tab during a final to set a timer. Will it be marked as cheating?
What does it mean to be a nonresidence?
Regardless of what you think will happen, which would you prefer for Fall 2020?
Got into cal off waitlist but having second thoughts
Should I skip Math 1A?
Carbon Storage Project
Do classes in the study abroad program usually help clear breadth/major reqs or is it more just random electives?
BCOURSES access
anyone getting rid of clothes?
The grading here is wild
Professor for Phy 7B summer 2020
Did the EECS department confirm whether summer would be PNP?
Phase 2 70 or 61c
Could my offer of admission potentially be rescinded?
NP
calgear
Has anyone done a double major or a minor while studying abroad? Was it difficult to fit all your classes together?
CS61A?
econ 2 final
When your professor and Elon Musk are having a Twitter fight...
CS(EE16B + 61C + 160 + 188)
Berkeley or Stanford? Please hear me out.
REMINDER TO FILL OUT THE CS61B COURSE EVALUATION
History 162B notes?
Rooming question
espm 50ac
How do I select my first year pathway?
gradescope
CS61B How Hard is it to get 10 points on the final?
What are my chances of getting my offer rescinded?
Is it possible to take CS 61A this summer as an incoming freshman?
Berkeley FPF + possible double majoring
Changing CalNetID
Elon is savage. Laying the smack down to one of my old professor from Berkeley.
The berkeley ass holes and the plum professors
possible to skip 170 exam and P it?
CS schedule over summer 2020
Stories of Women in STEM - @thewomenofstem on Instagram
do i have a shot ?
Returning books to Fall Rush bookstore
Will I get my admission rescinded?
Does anyone have an extra math 53 book?
Is LS W1 really worth it?
Anybody from the Graduate School of Education?
What is cog sci like at UC Berkeley?
Got admitted but never receive my admission letter (mail)
Berkeley’s social life?
Summer class campus fee?
Chem 3A and physics 8a
A tip for people moving out !
Need advice from CS majors 🙏
How are they gonna prevent cheating next semester?
Is taking 9 units during the summer as an entering freshman too much?
Guy Fieri Raises More Than $20 Million for Restaurant Workers
Berkeley Extension Courses
Dead Week Just Ended!
Econ 100A with Scott Carson Syllabus/Advice
Data Science Minor - Data 100 or Stat pathway?
UC Berkeley extended education
an offer of admission AND an incredible subreddit!??
GMP program inquiry
Is it stupid of me to not want to apply to Haas?
A poem for all of us Bears cramming frantically for finals
Will poor AP scores screw me over?
Dropping course as a transfer
How I got through this semester
rochdale coop pics/videos/floor plan
Someone who doesn’t seem like a nerd but is actually very smart (would never be called a nerd) doesn’t actively participate in class but always gets good grades
Forgot to change grading option
Someone who is very smart yet very good at socializing is into mildly nerdy stuff but dresses well. (Not ashamed to be called a nerd, they embrace it, they are confident)
How is the food at cal specifically dorm halls?
Rejoining CSM
Way to check ur grading option
Berkeley Waitlist
Student who have taken chemistry/math/physics courses at cal
Consulting club for grad students?
English PhD program
Anyone else taking Bio 1A and super stressed?
Is it true that some freshman have soph/junior standing in terms of class registration (from dual enrollment/AP exams)?
In need of Housing/ Roommates related advice
Is CS61A being offered on Summer Session this summer?
Hilfinger was extremely nice this semester
When you miss going to lecture so you bring the lecture halls to you...
UCB Transfer Waitlist 2020
Some questions about this year’s FPF classes (for MCB major)
Summer Bridge or Freshman Edge???
Should I take AP exams that don't satisfy college course requirements?
Those who transferred from SoCal to Berkeley, did you ever get a sense of loneliness on campus? Was it hard to adjust?
Asking for assistance from fellow redditors. My bike was stolen early this morning on Channing. If anyone sees a black motorcycle please let me know!
Summer Grant/Aid - Do you pay before getting the grant/aid?
Need Help: Can I Take the Class Again at UC If I'VE Finished It in a CC?
Blockeley Getting Funded by Cal Makes Me MAD, Y'all Should be MAD Too
Elon Musk on Twitter: "Tesla is filing a lawsuit against Alameda County immediately. The unelected &amp; ignorant “Interim Health Officer” of Alameda is acting contrary to the Governor, the President, our Constitutional freedoms &amp; just plain common sense!"
just committed to cal and my sweater hasn't arrived yet, so I made it in animal crossing!
got off waitlist at UC berkeley but..
Accounting Academic/Professional Questions
Mensa on campus
Parking
Summer semester Tuition finalization
Community College courses during summer
Question about Summer and Chinese Classes
Applied Math Cluster
CS170
Freshman Edge Courses for Breadth &amp; AC?
Consulting career without consulting clubs:
Has anyone studied abroad for a full year?
E25 grade bins
CS 162 Difficulty
Does the uni or do employers/grad schools see letter grades even if taken for p/np?
61BL Partner Necessary?
Should I take ASTRON 7A with prof Dressing?
Missed the P/NP deadline
Negotiating rent cuts with COVID-19
Can anyone else see their Academic Progress Report?
Would anyone mind taking a look at my appeal?
61B FILL OUT!
I have never visited cal yet alone San Francisco
Dear 61B folks
what is the hook up culture like here?
Berkeley L&amp;S FPF CS?
How to get into a decent master's program with a mediocre GPA?
What happens when you cheat in CS?
Evening Spring walks in Berkeley, California
Meal plan question
Grade appeal during the coronavirus
Will enrolling in a community college over the summer cause any problems before going to Berkeley in the Fall?
Question About Internships and Earnings
Berkeley Econ (haas intended) vs UNC undeclared (kenan Flagler intended)
Differentiating DPN and PNP on transcript?
Recommendations for Historical Studies Breadth req
Let's talk escorts
Theater 10 auditions
Data Sci: Cognition Domain
Is it worth attending UCB/How can I pay OOS tuition?
CSW169A during the summer?
summer class schedule
chances of getting re-admitted next year?
Berkeley Housing Questions
PNP/ Letter grade
Do APs Matter?
College of chem chemical biology
How Much do APs Matter
Can I be rescinded for not reporting one of my bad AP scores on my UC Berkeley application?
Econ classes to take as a cs major?
Waitlist admit: Can I reserve a spot for FPF instead of accepting/withdrawing right away?
Support Shahid in CA-12 (San Francisco)!
PNP/ Letter grade
Berkeley’s very own Lo-Fi study girl
Why do sororities like PiPhi and KKG still choose to party at disaffiliated frats like Fiji, which are known to have a reputation of raping and drugging girls?
FPF for CS major
found out at the last minute that my course did not satisfy a breadth - am graduating this semester and heading to grad school. what do I do?
Replace Pelosi with Shahid Buttar (@ShahidForChange on Twitter)
Cal central acting weird or me being dumb ??
Financial Aid Waitlist FPF Acceptee
Survey on access to mental health services during Covid-19
Transfer admits: you belong at Berkeley, and you’ll do great things. (See comments)
Did you guys receive your CARE refund already?
This is sad....
Cal vs University of Illinois Urbana Champaign?
How is the Linguistics major here? Is it doable to double major in Linguistics and CS?
do declared l&amp;s cs majors get berkeley engineering t shirts
cs61b summer waitlist
Berkeley or Brown?
CS61A Scheme Art Contest!!!!
ias c118
Late housing application
congrats to everyone who got in off the waitlist!!!
Insight from a grad school for pnp
Insight from a grad school for pnp
What’s going to happen to Global Edge with the concurrent COVID-19 epidemic?
Berkeley waitlist FPF
MEC85 CC course equivalent
double major in cs and math and a minor in bio? is this viable?
EECS Ethics Requirement : History C184D = DATA C104?
Anybody interested in partnering on a tech career mentorship website?
Concurrent enrollment approval for summer?
Does CS major need to take 61ABC if already took 61A and 61B equivalent classes in CC?
For those who took E26...
Chegg Cafe(Free Chegg Answers via Discord)
Can someone help w linear algebra?
Yo can someone help me draft a complaint email
Curious: who are your favorite and least favorite professors, and why?
Will Fall 2020 Will Be P/NP Again?
Where are the honors inscriptions on the transcript
International Student withdrawal
Summer Late Drop
Do we have to take the 61B final?
Haas chances..?
61 folks please please take the survey struggling with passing the class every bit of point helps!
61B Survey
One P/NP?
A Plea to All Incoming Students
Math 55
How does EasyPass work?
UGBA 102A Textbook
Is only taking 2 of the 5 APs I signed up for going to get me rescinded?
That $500 refund lookin hella T H I C C
Saw this on top of Evan's hall the other day
CS70 over the summer?
It's friday nigga
Fill out the cs61b survey, then get a dollar
Which school to apply to for CS?
PNP Advice
Adderall
What can professors see on BCourses?
Those of you who received the CARES award. Did you receive a housing refund?
Regarding AP’s as an incoming freshman
Wait
Question about enrollment for an incoming Data Science transfer
How can I pay my Berkeley student cooperative rent with student loans?
P/NPing
61C/Data 100/CS 188 vs 61C/Data 100/Stat 140
Chancellor Carol Christ Speaking at Minecraft Commencement + EDM Show After
Has anyone with Medi-CAL kept SHIP?
Thesis Question
How do I make my Berkeley email signature?
Design groups here?
Request for Deferred Admission Advice
the hundredth p/np post
The hundreth P/NP post
L&amp;S and CNR double major?
What will employers think of cherry picking P/NP's
class status
CogSci Majors How Is It? I’m interested
How much longer does a double major at Berkeley spend on HW each day compared to a single major?
CS61A vs CS70 over the summer?
Take the UGBA 10 grade or preserve the 4.0? Concerned about recruiting impacts
Can you transfer p/np community college courses to Cal?
Can I take Haas Prereqs during my sophomore spring semester?
STAT 133 with Gaston Sanchez Trujillo
Enrollment is so annoying
Is it possible to declare Econ by the end of Junior Year Fall?
EE120
[#1] What happened this week in the City of Berkeley and broader East Bay Area?
Dilemma on whether to P/NP B+ in CS70
Coops
Urgent question about swaps
Can anyone shed some light on to what my odds would be for getting into UC Berkeley’s online master of information and cyber security (MICS)
Advice for what classes to take.
About PNP for major prereq course
MCB and Public Health Double Major
I’m #50 on the waitlist for the 61A summer course. Is it likely I’ll make it off?
Thank You Data Science Enrollment Folks!
Go Fund Me for Moe's Books
I just confessed to my professor about plagiarism and I still feel horrible
which computer to get—incoming frosh, engineering major
Possible to still drop a class?
Why Foodtech and Health Tech deals like Innovita and Talk to Doc matter in a post COVID-19 world
Disposa-box
I just sprained/broke my thumb and idk what to do
Math 54 for the Data Science major
PNP advice
Switching out of EECS?
Getting to campus with Ms. Rona around
Deadliest diseases
Free Chegg Service via Discord
Will it be easier or harder to get better grades this semester?
Looking for off campus housing ?
advice please! p/np ee16a?
Be honest. Do I have a shot of declaring CS in L&amp;S?
CS61B STUDENTS PLZ READ
At Berkeley, I felt like people were constantly shoving transhumanist rhetoric down my throat
P/NP advice
CS61C over the summer?
Anthro 2AC Grade Distribution
Past Admissions Deadline!
Grade Bins
P/NP Grades Advice
At berkeley, I felt like people were constantly shoving CS rhetoric down my throat
61c project 4 help
I made a CS:GO sticker for my Cal ESports Team!
Anyone know who I should contact about deferral?
Take 1B at CC or take it at Cal?
Anthro 2ac Grade Distribution
Off Campus Housing Info
Co-op advice
Compiled Advice from Graduating Seniors to Incoming Students
if ur in cs 70 fill our course veal
CS70 STUDENTS READ
Statistics Transfer Student
CARES HEERF
How viable is a partial PNP for a CS undergrad?
Freshman Edge vs. Summer Bridge?
Aight, who wants to get married?
Update on planning for the fall semester
Is it a requirement that finals be 3 hours long?
Can you use calc bc credit to supplement the Stat 88 math prerequisite?
CS Internship Rescinded; Delaying Graduation by 1 Year?
Questions about Economics major
Majors question
Questions about Financial Aid
P/NP with solid GPA
how am i supposed to study and preform effectively if i have no where to study???
should I P/NP or letter grade 61a?
English Majors: how good is Cal when it comes to that field?
Advice on class schedule for CS/Physics major?
Position 296 on CS 61B wait list and I got an email that says that I can't get off
So I started a consulting "club" and now we're looking for new members
Fuck you
If you are taking CS70 fill out the course evals to get extra credit points!
free music editing software?
CARES act confusion, when to expect an award?
Does it look bad for grad school applications if I take a bunch of small mandatory p/np classes
Premed Advice at Berkeley, and yes I have read every single other post through the searchbar.
At berkeley, I felt like people were constantly shoving trans rhetoric down my throat
Do L&amp;S CS majors ever have to take physics?
Econ 100A or B
Math 113 over summer
To lighten up the mood: my experience milking the Berkeley clout
pre-haas: when to take econ 100a/b?
Philos W12A vs. LEGALST 145
Does "disbursed" for cares award mean I should see it in my bank account now?
What to do if Fall is completely online
"We can't give a tuition discount to struggling students. The budget is already accounted for."
Incoming Transfer Student Question Regarding CS 61A
Does AP credit count when changing the college?
CARESAct
Helping Students Out - Free Chegg Answers (via Discord)
Free image resources for students
Pnp and letter grade option
Econ double major worth it?
Anyone familiar with the process of withdrawing after your first semester here, attending CC for 1.5 semesters, and applying for readmission?
Cognitive Science vs. Data Science as a Major
Having trouble accepting a roommate request
Stupid question, but are housing costs split between roommates?
Math w53: How much time is needed to do well? (summer)
Would you say that it’d be easier to get into CS through L&amp;S or by transferring from a CCC?
Berkeleytime’s previous design was amazing
Abusive parents announcing at last minute that they won’t be paying for college, transferring Fall 2020 and currently freaking out
Ah shit, it happened again
Gitlet appreciation post
Shots Fired...
Topics in MATH/ECON C103
Am I fucked...
Shared Experiences Project Survey
PNP advice?
61B students! Let's fill out the course eval form to get 1 point EC!
TAAP scholarship interview
Deferral for religious purposes
does summer bridge really help? (specifically for chem 1A)
Coronavirus and college: UC Berkeley chancellor expects hybrid plan, no tuition break for fall
Any Transfers that Changed Majors to Psych?
Recent experiences with UC Berkeley Extension??
help ! tips, dorms, student life, and clubs
Who is eligible for the CARES refund ?
Confirmed Berkeley CARES disburse in 2 waves, one for undergrad and one for grad students.
MCB 102 Online Instruction
"can u autograph my jupyter notebook?" - from the Data 8 Piazza
Canceling AP Tests
Cal law prof proposes method to make china pay
Berkeley Law proposes way for china to pay
cumulative gpa calculation
financial aid help
CARES Awards
ECON 140 without Statistics Experience
CARES ACT: "Berkeley CARES Award" now on CalCentral
Berkeley CARES
Missing Deepfried BabaQ ;-;
Pain
Furthest Distance Lunch Groups
ECON Prerequisite: STAT 20 or DATA C8 + STAT 88
Violated 61b course policy
Deciding not to take an AP Exam?
Enrolled in same class summer and fall
Rest in peace, Courtney.
Should I try to transfer to UCLA?
Lost my phone how to get Duo Mobile one a new one?
Beautiful Enclave apartments
Physics 8A curve?
An Appeal to CS 70 P/NP Students
Greek life at Cal?
International students: how do you guys go about paying for the high tuition?
EE16B and CS70: Please Fill Out Course Evals for EXTRA CREDIT!
Anyone with a sublet?
How do CS classes check for cheating?
My landlord is being psycho- help?
STAT 134 vs STAT 135 vs STAT 140
UC could reopen just one-third of its dorm rooms this fall
PHYSC21
61BL Summer 2020
heart is heavy
CARES Act
GPA this semester
Where can i find out who my admission officer is?
GPA this semester
Asking Sahai what it means for math to be discrete during the second lecture like
Alternate exams for Data 8 or Espm 50ac? (time conflict)
Course Captures Help
Freshman Gap Year Questions
What is the tree with pink flowers in front of VLSB called?
How crazy is this schedule?
UCB Freshman Gap Year Questions
AP Credit doesn't help... right?
Summer Load: ECON 100B, MATH 55, + Linear Algebra
CS Student Macbook Recommendations
gitlet depression
2 pts way from an A- in 61A. Is there anything I can do outside of praying for a bin shift?
Anyone else think online option for fall is a good deal?
What will happen to my financial aid if I go below 13 units?
P/NP 61a?
Pursuing Research in Genetic Engineering?
what percentage is an A vs A-
We need to avenge Courtney
UGBA 10
Getting into a FULL major required class as a Fall 2020 admit
Need opinions on courses to take this summer...
Is it possible to get rejected from URAP?
Can you take Reading and Composition B before A?
Question for anyone who’s taken Econ 1: How was your grade curved?
Berkeley or Davis?
Physics 7A and 7B Transfer UCSC
Berkeley Data Science (accepted undeclared) or UCSD Math-CS
How to get a job?
What is your experience with cloud computing?
Do summer R1A/R1B grades show a letter grade or p/np on transcript?
Is Summer 2020 going to have a PNP option?
GivingBackToCommunity
Art 12?
Withdrawal penalties
Has Anyone Here Lived In Stebbins Hall?
Students sue UC, Cal State, demanding coronavirus-related refunds of campus fees
CS 162 and 169
Physics 5CL waitlist
Should have let them in with all this KNOWLEDGE
Bored on the waitlist ... felt like doing a redesign of Berkeley's twitter page. go bears and let me in pls
The explanation to why we're being charged campus fees:
Living on frat row
Easiest/best Reading and Composition Part A course to take during Freshman Edge?
How does Freshman Edge work for international students?
Do you need an A+ to be a ugsi for 61A?
Questions about single-gendered floors...
Selective P/NP
Any other low income students out there struggling?
Worth trying for an A+ in 61B?
Unofficial transcripts?
CS61C and Stat W21 too much over this summer?
Will lectures and discussions be asynchronous for Fall 2020?
Has anyone Dighum 100 or Eneres/Envecon C176?
BERKELEY CS L&amp;S vs Carnegie Mellon SCS
Berkeley 2019 CS graduate shot and critically wounded in the Mission
Retaking a class over the summer
When is the summer tuition due?
Grading Policies for Class of 2021
Florian Alumni Funding?
Questions about taking a gap semester
Do classes round up or down for final letter grades?
Would you eat me?
Should I contact the academic integrity department? I accidentally “quoted someone like this with an extra space after the full stop. ”
question for current L&amp;S CS students
UCEAP international students: how did you get into Berkeley?
Sociology 1 w Robert Braun grade boundary
Choosing between Cal and UCLA in the time of COVID-19
Data 100 and CS61C Over the Summer
Final exam in person proctoring summer?
Waiving SHIP?
Looking for course captures
Unit cal to declaring major
I’m I the only that can’t upload my photo for the cal 1 card ?
SLR Form
Change ID Photo?
When do histart R1B profs names get released for fall 2020?
Missing campus a little extra (esp evans for some reason). Does anyone have any good ghost stories about Cal?
is grade deflation real
Chances Of Getting into CS61A as a ChemE major in the CoC?
What are some of the best kept secrets of Berkeley?
appealing for more financial aid (continuing student)
We all (ugrad and grad students) get free New York Times subscriptions until we graduate from Berkeley (or longer if you mark your graduation year as later than it actually is). Wanted to let anyone know that wasn’t aware already before the semester ended!
Free New York Times subscriptions for all undergraduate and graduate students. Wanted to let those of you that didn’t know already before the semester ends!
Technology for Incoming Freshman
How much 53 do you need for CS189?
UCB Merch For Big Bois
Question about latin honors
Dropping class - urgent
why would anybody enroll for fall?????????
AFRICAM 131 Final Exam
Will I get into UGBA 10 if I phase 2?
How competitive is it to get a tutor position on CS61B course staff?
Does selecting "Yes" on "Are you okay with living with LGTBQ/Trans people" on the housing mean that you will?
Taking math 54 after math 110?
Photo ID
Berkeley Time Website
when ppl ask me which UC i go to
Fill out your course evaluations!
Golden Bear Orientation
Fall 2020 semester: CS 188, 170, and 169? Too much or fair schedule?
L&amp;S: 12 Units after drop
decreasing variable units
I don't know if I should PNP or not
Camping and drinking from Wildcat Creek
Thoughts on Satish Rao (for CS70)?
Anyone Receiving A Reply from CalCentral?
When you spend two weeks grinding Gitlet but forget about the style check.
When you finally finish Gitlet after a week of grinding but forgot about the style check.
I’m crying while saying this but
does anyone know how to obtain a copy of your Statement of Intent to Register (SIR)?
Check out these proposed changes to the campus! (More in the comments!)
Paying Housing Application Deposit Twice When Resubmitting?
Taking Econ 2 and Econ 100A at the same time
Getting a B for CS70 over the summer
Summer Classes
Help w summer edge plz
Submitted Housing Application Twice
EECS double major outside of engineering
Late Drop for COE
CS70 MT3 grades
Global Health Minor??
Hey transfers, me and my friends are seniors that have transferred and if you have any questions or need advice let us know!
Sometimes I forget Berkeley is one of the most prestigious universities in the world!!
UGBA 147?
Transfer question
fpf vs traditional path way
Need some advice on summer courses:) UGBA147 &amp; Data 100
I have spent ~100 hours on CS61C Project 4
Need help with CS61A :(
How hard is it to become a ugsi for 61A?
cs61b how to prepare
Looking for 1-2 summer roommate(s)
What’s one seemingly-silly reason you choose berkeley?
How serious is the Econ 100A/101A prereq for Econ upper divs?
chances of getting the middle income scholarship at cal??
In dire need of a chem tutor!!
Any Recommendations of Minors
Data C8
Nobody knows what's going to happen Fall
Need help
Just admitted as a transfer. How much would I miss out on college by staying home til Spring?
0.0 gpa?
housing application floor preferences help
HAVING A ZOOM PARTY WITH DJ'S + MUSIC! Meeting ID: 847 6342 2314
Is it possible to just stay in Los Angeles while taking online classes at UCB during this covid 19? I'm not sure about wanting to move to berkeley yet.
Are the alumni scholarship applications due at midnight tonight or 11:59 pm tomorrow?
Cs 61bl and cs 70 over the summer?
Everyone needs PPE in times like this
Taking ECON 100A/100B after taking ECON 1/2 Years ago
Do I need to join a roommate group?
Readmitting in the fall. I'm 25. Any advice?
Very wise words from Dr. Brian Harvey on why not to cheat!
CS61B Academic Dishonesty
Cares Refund?
go bears
is there a way to sir even after the deadline
Still being charged a campus fee for summer courses???
Time for Pelosi to go and for Shahid to enter in San Francisco!
Can you take a CC class to substitute for CS61B as a non-transfer student?
Dred Pirate called it
housing question -- coed vs single gender
Can't search roommate by SID or Profile on housing portal?
Have cs162 academic dishonesty emails been sent yet?
It’s time for us students to speak up about lowering tuition
Is there a Foothill/De Anza College (Or any other Online Summer CCC) class that can help me prepare for CS 70?
Extremely confused and stressed
How useful is being a TA for a cs course?
Freshman Waitlist
Are there any recommended courses that can prepare me for cs70?
Cyber bullied off of the EECS Discord
Is it possible to get off the waitlist for eecs?
How much would high school extracurriculars matter for a transfer student?
Mixed feelings about going pre-med at cal
CS61a frame vs CS61c frame
UC transfer, is it worth it?
Berkeley students, amid the 1918 flu pandemic, getting haircuts outdoors to avoid crowded spaces
Math 110 over summer
What classes teach you about tax loopholes?
In the past 4 days, I have done practically nothing but eat, sleep, and do CS61C Project 4
Thoughts on summer courseload
mcb &amp; cs double major
Study Abroad vs. Internship Hunt tradeoff
BERKELEY SLR LATE
Psych 140 vs Psych 160
Participants Need for Interview at UC Berkeley
Burned out
How hard are Hilfinger's 61B finals?
Join the Ugig email list to hear about upcoming paid research studies! New paid studies offered every week! Click the link to join the email list. We will only email you about upcoming opportunities. (No spam we promise). https://ugigresearch.com/index.php/cal/
All I need to submit today is the SIR and SLR right?
Guys, how are you still meeting girls?
Since everything on the UC Berkeley portal is in PST, I assumed the SLR form was also in PST...
Starting Gitlet
Loan help ?
Housing application temporarily down?
Isn't Fall Already Online?
Is the housing app due today at midnight or tmrw at midnight?
On Campus Housing Offers
Cal Student Store
if you are lonely, Tinder etc doesn't work for you and you are in the East Bay - try my project
8 Units Over the same 8 Week Summer Session
Probably unnecessary but those last 10 min of 61B chat were weird af
Why is cheating so prominent in CS?
R1A in BCC
Can someone help me with my EE16A APS lab2
Can someone help me with my EE16A APS lab2
Can someone help me with my EE16A APS lab2
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
R1A in BCC
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Cal Student Store
Housing application error?
Housing application error?
Housing application error??
Error message on housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Anyone having trouble with the housing application??
Cool house near campus
Imagine: Life at Cal in Fall 2019
how to prepare for CS 61BL??
Easy 2 unit summer session class?
Getting into UC Berkeley's Graduate Math Program
Stats 21w workload
How essential is cs162?
There will most likely be some extra credit opportunities in CS61A
Physics 7B, which is heavily reliant on a curve, now has no curve.... huzzah!!!! And doesn’t this method only encourage more cheating as there’s no curve so you’re incentivized to do as good as humanely possible
Congrats to everybody who just finished CS61A!
Ahhh deez girls &lt;3
Should I take my two AP tests?
Free things we get with Berkeley affiliation?
CS61A Hog Project, Need Help Unlocking Tests for Problem 5B!!
data 100 over the summer workload?
did you get your financial aid package yet?
126 Rutgers University Math 135 (Calculus 1) students got caught cheating by copying answers on Chegg
What is Summer Living Expenses UGRD? I don't owe anything besides tuition right?
How useful is data 100
SS Waiver???
Predicting the 2020 PAC-12 football season: Cal 11-1, wins the division
Summer financial aid
Should we be advocating for universal pass?
How many freshmen do not pick roommate?
Data C8 / EE 120 / MATH 110 / COG SCI 1 Course Load Doable in Fall 2020 ?
Will Greek sororities take non-transfer juniors/seniors?
While this isn’t at Cal, I wouldn’t put it past some professors
What are the Summer Class letters?
Transfer Students Required to Declare Major in their First Semester: How do you get the classes you need?
Anyone having trouble going to piazza?
Still getting an apartment even with the chances of classes being online ?
Are u still Signing a lease this fall even w/ the chances of classes being online
Are u still Signing a lease this fall even w/ the chances of classes being online
Are u still Signing a lease this fall even w/ the chances of classes being online
Are u still Signing a lease this fall even w/ the chances of classes being online
Which Econ upper divs don’t require Econ 100a?
freshie
Troubling opening a case w/ Cal Student Central?
what's your favorite books?
Econ and pre-med
Is the Fall Program for Freshmen (FPF) worth it?
Does a CC course need to have an equivalent class at Berkeley for it to count?
On-Campus Housing Open for Summer
name
Assist says a CC class will transfer over credits to Berkeley’s Biology 11, but bio 11 doesn’t exist?
The Economist Student Subscription Deal
CARES Act Emergency Grants for UCB?
What is the process like into getting into the STAC club at Cal?
Could someone tell me if this is a manageable courseload?
Anyone in berkeley over summer willing to house a cat?
Declaring as a Data Science major without much CS background?
2021 SYIP?
CS Courses for Data Science Major
Any way to access 61C Fall 19 webcasts?
just passed 61A!
Easy As or Sweet courses?
Double Majors in COE
Off campus housing w/ an EFC of 0
Keeping campus housing when withdrawing for a semester?
61a over summer or wait till fall?
Across The Globe(ATG)-connect.collobarate.grow
CS L&amp;S plz
Choosing Classes - CS70 with Math 54?
Do domain emphasis courses for data science have to be taken with a letter grade?
Advice for Data Science Transfer hoping to go into consulting/IB?
how to decrease units for variable unit course ?
Math 54 vs Physics 89?
Sell me on investment banking
Cornell vs. Berkeley for CS
CS70 during summer
Will Canceling a Future AP Test Potentially Cause my Admission To Be Canceled?
General Chemistry useful resource for anyone struggling (and/or premed lol)
Taking Math/CS/Stats Finals for $500 per exam for select classes
What do you love about berkeley in general,,,,, and also maybe over ucla lolll?
Stat 134 vs Stat 140 for CS 70
Question about 2020 Summer &amp; ECON 100B - Transfer Edge
For CS61a, Should I settle for a B- or P/NP- Data Science Major
Can’t seem to connect to Airbears/Calvisitor WiFi at all today. Anyone else having the same problem?
Side-by-side comparison of UC Berkeley with UC Blockeley (Minecraft version)
What's the point of A+s?
econ 100a's usefulness for upperdivs
Berkeley Screwed me Over with Aid
Any Experience Appealing For Your Major
Math 1B and IB 131 over summer
Roses are red, fish like bait
Housing Advice?
Statistics at UCLA vs UC Berkeley?
EE16B as a junior/senior?
All Pass/No Pass vs. All Letter Grades vs. Mix of Both for this Semester (Law School Implications)
Housing Help Please!!!!
Cost of Attendance Adjustment for laptop
Amazon in ASUC Student Union - open or not??
Enrollment question for ESPM 50AC
What courses do Undergrad Econ major take
What advice would you give to a high school freshman looking to get into Berkley?
How easy is it to get into the 3 CS major pre-req classes as an L&amp;S intended CS major?
obligatory F in the chat for cs70 MT3 (final)
recommendations for classes to fulfill breadth requirements?
Obtaining residency for tuition purposes
IBanking and Finance Placement for Econ Majors?
ISF 100D over the summer?
UCLA vs UC Berkeley
What's the deal with Fall 2020 EECS16B?
Stat 134
Is Stat 88 Lecture Mandatory?
Advice On Taking Stat 140, Data 100, and CS 61B or Stat89A next semester?
UGBA 165 (Advertising Strategy) vs UGBA 160 (Consumer Behavior)
Yes / No
61C over summer
Summer Session CS 61 A
Incoming MechE Freshmen/Transfers: are you planning to take e26?
Incoming MechE Freshmen/Transfers: are you planning to take e26?
For those of you who are thinking of taking a leave next semester
Final push towards a college decision
Has freshman enrollment begun?
CARES Act Refund?
not sure if this has been posted, but Cal made an appearance in All Gas No Brakes’ latest video.
Upper Division CS Suggestions
How flexible is L&amp;S?
Question on AP Credits! (Incoming Freshman)
Phase 2 EE16A or CS61C
CNR and L&amp;S double major?
Need help with a 3 year or 3.5 year plan for L&amp;S CS
Who's ready for the 162 Google Form Mega Midterm?
How many points have 61A bin shifts been?
Admissions Appeal
Waiving SHIP every year?
Let me git it, pls baby
Calling all Poli Sci Student. I'm a newly admitted transfer for Spring 2021 who just discovered PS3. Help! Got any tips?
Would you guys recommend taking Bio 1A was this summer?
Incoming Econ Major!
What to do after junior year?
Loud booming noise
Math N1a Econ Major Requirement?
Rice vs. Berkeley (OOS) for an undecided kid
Questions about Golden Bear Orientation - Fall 2020
Should a CogSci major trying to work in tech take Calc 2?
Hive machine
Berkeley Certificate in Design Innovation?
Support Berkeley's only true karaoke bar, Nicks's Lounge on Go Fund Me.
Has anyone here taken L&amp;S W1: Exploring the Liberal Arts? Would you recommend taking it this summer?
Who else forgot how much it sucks to be at home?
Anyone have cs 152 webcast link?
How's Stat 155 Game Theory with Adam Lucas?
Transfer from SJSU to UC Berkeley
Will Math N55 in the summer count for a Math 55 lower div requirement?
Landlord not responding to my messages
Question about housing
Does CS61B hire academic interns for the summer?
When you thought probability was just supposed to be flipping coins and rolling dice
Pretty sure 70 is going to be a slaughterhouse tomorrow
Ideas for staying productive this summer?
International Students
Is CalCentral down for anyone else?
Poli Sci 179 study group for final exam?
Phase 1 CS 70 or UGBA 10?
Haas P/NP or Grades?
Math 53 Summer Workload?
DATA 8 WAITLIST OPEN
How hard is it to get an extra semester in COE?
mid class student struggling with $$$ i need help
Does Stat 88 Expand?
Summer Aid
No section C CS Baby
Engineering Scholars as Engaged Scholars (ES²)
Cal students create a virtual UC Berkeley campus for online graduation
Question Regarding Pass/No Pass for Incoming Freshman
Will I get rescinded?
Discussion section questions
Looking for subletter(s) for Fall 2020
CS 61C &amp; 188 workload over summer
Is anybody looking to sublet a room for fall 2020?
Stupid question, but does the letter in front of a class mean anything? Like for IAS N45 or anything else
UC Berkeley Class Waitlist
CS 61B waitlists position 240 out of 600
Has MechE sent an email to incoming freshmen?
Is there a second offering of Physics 137B in the Fall?
Psych 1 vs Psych 2
Should I take a Summer Global Public Health Minor?
Statement of Legal Residence
Is it viable to take Econ 100a and 100b in the same semester?
What do stats majors take after data 8? (Stats classes only)
Former student appealing for re-admission
UCB Environmental Economics vs UCLA Economics
Math 53
College Advisor and Students
Do you regret going to UC Berkeley?
Enrollment never fails to piss me off twice a year.
Linguistics 100 waitlist
9 Students: The Truth about UC Berkeley
9 Students: The Truth about UC Berkeley
Finding Unity in Data 8 Waitlist Expansion
Does Bio 1A Lec have mandatory attendance?
Data8
R&amp;C B requirement?
OOS
Conditional Grants that will not disburse
Interesting Breadths
Cost of attendance as an international/OOS student.
Struggling in Math 54, okay for 55?
I'm curious...
housing during winter break
Housing??
UGBA 10 Spring Sophomore?
Impact of FPF on getting into Haas?
Experience with 12 Units in the Same Summer Session?
AP Credit and Summer classes for Engineering?
My handwriting
Is it easy to have social life at UC Berkeley as a transfer?
Berkeley's on the front page of r/architectureporn!
Engineering Building, UC Berkeley
Does the Cal Student Store usually have a big sale anytime soon?
Math 54 or Math 110?
The Tragic Simplisticity of GDP. This is why we shouldn't measure a nation's well-being solely by its GDP.
How is the physics program at Berkeley?
+1 STD on CS61A Final
In search of: one(1) sproul piano boy
double major in cs and stats?
Incoming freshman Calnet checklist requires me to report the APs I'm taking this year what happens if I don't pass do I still need to report them
Finishing Prereqs at CC
For anyone who’s taken philosophy 3 with Robert Noe, how was it? I wanted to take the class for the breadth
Quick question, how many units are incoming sophomores allowed to enroll into during phase 1?
anyone who stayed here in berkeley and is driving home to socal once school ends?
CS70 Is Literally So Hard.
(ee)cs people, how much time per day or week do y'all spend doing work*?
Do I have to take math 1b?
CS170 Grades
Where’s my relief money Carol?
When does waitlist come out?
CS 162 Summer?
Bousso or Moore for Physics 137A?
P/NP for major requirements in the summer?
Transfer Housing
CS 70 Summer Waitlist
Will you be returning to campus in Fall 2020?
Mat Sci 45/L
Opinions on the film courses here
Switching to L&amp;S from College of Chemistry
Data 8 :(
CS 10 vs Data 8
Transfer Units
Safe to phase 2 Canic's Math 53
Housing question as a freshman
In-state tuition fees
Is it a bad idea to take Math 16b and Stats 20 together? Or should i take math 16b with Econ 100A?
Cal students create a virtual UC Berkeley campus for online graduation
Cogsci major sophomore schedule
CS 195 class today was AWESOME!
Admitted Student: How flexible is Berkeley?
What grading option are you choosing??
Joining a waitlisted section (stat 88)
We're famous boyss!!! (Watch the video. 20/10)
What is going on with the Geog 10AC Discussion Sections?
final conflict fall 2020
Odds of getting into Psych prereq courses
Data Science Major Employability
Phase 1 Unit Cap
who else didn't get to enroll into data c8? hoping on expanded class size near phase 2 🤠
UGBA 154 Edward Kass
Transfer student admitted as Stats, but looking to change to Data Science
Any EECS/CS International students willing to answer a few questions
Odds of getting into Data 8?
How to succeed in the online era?
data 8 enrollment
Possible to get in data8 as sophomore?
Transfer Housing Questions: Off-Campus vs On-Campus
CC Transfer Questions: Off/On-Campus?
Thoughts on MCB 55?
What upper div EE/CS course to take along with CS61C and CS170?
Haas + Pre-dental: Possible?
Waitlisted for cog sci 1 even though class is open?
Looking for a summer internship/full-time position? Join the AVA Virtual Hackathon and also compete for $50,000 in prizes!
Why I Think Fall will be On-Line Only (Nick Weaver)
Anyone watching the Last Dance?
Help me with my group project! Please read this article https://moveme.berkeley.edu/project/whomademyclothes/
How to break even
Fall 2020 online?!
Even if classes are online, do you think that Berkeley will still offer on-campus housing to freshman?
Sherb getting lit on a Tuesday morning by himself wearin a Cal hoodie
How does it feel to live in a triple or double room?
Econ 151
Music 29?
Anyone here taken GEOG 10AC in the past?
Stat 140 Prereqs
ee 16a overlap with cs 61c?
F In The Chat For 16b.
Worth it to apply to be 61A UGSI?
61c Waitlist
Has anyone heard of when/where/how to return textbooks?
Anyone get their Financial Aid package for 2020-21?
Final Exams on the Same Day
At risk of failing in CS170
Workload of Math 110?
MUSIC 70
Security monitor
Data Science Major Cap
Haas and Philo Double Major Help
Why is the schedule planner down and how do I fix it?
CS/Math Upper Divs
Why is the summer session so expensive?
Help 16b and 70 or 61c and 70
Online research?
Help 70 and 61c or 70 and 16a
Poli sci 179 Google Doc
Stat 134/ Stat 140
Why isn't the schedule planner working?
should i drop a class i'm about to get a b/b- in?
How do I increase my chances of declaring CS as an incoming L&amp;S transfer?
Taking CS70 and EE16A concurrently
What departments should I avoid due to lack of actual scholarship?
Data 8, Math 54, and CS 61B together?
Introduction to Machine Learning CS189/289
Incoming Econ Freshman!
Anyone hear gunshots on Southside?
Recommendations for breadths with NO essays?
CS61C Lab
How do you refer to GSIs via email?
Which course should I enroll phase 2
Physics 7C over the summer?
Research stipend?
Phase 2 CS70 OR CS61C
An easier way to find classes which count for both major and breadth
data 88 vs stat88
live lectures for R1A at online community college
Which classes should I phase 1 for?
Econ 100b
how did you make your four year plan?
Schedule doable?
CS 61b and math 54 in summer?
Math 54 and CS70
Easiest upper div H/SS courses?
Best dorm for dining and quiet?
LS CS Major Requirements
Weird question: How tall are the ceilings in the on campus apartments?
Question about EECS 16B
Has anyone who moved out of housing on april 20 gotten their refund yet or are you still waiting?
Anyone pick a roommate prior to moving in that they didn’t end up hating?
Housing panic
Which do you think is larger: total amount of students at Cal ever, or total amount of employees at Amazon ever?
Computer Science Illustrated: Engaging Visual Aids for Computer Science Education
Summer Community College Class Question
Dear Berkeley Admits, Here’s what I know now.
Making Changes to Housing Application
Does taking a Berkeley summer class (CS) and another non-CS class at local community college count as concurrent enrollment? Do I have to submit a concurrent enrollment form, or does it not count because it is the summer? Thank you.
Data 100 without CS61A
MCB 102 grading
Should I Mix and Match P/NP
Can we fall under the 13 unit minimum this semester?
Course suggestion?
ISF Major
Major requirements
are a cappella/singing groups chill? time commitment?
How’s this schedule?
Study challenges reports of low fatality rate for COVID-19
EECS Schedule - current EECS majors... opinions? 🥺
Should I sign a lease?
Anyone have resources for Bio 1B?
Housing Portal Question
BIGGEST F
Transfer Appeal Process Questions
Which third technical should I add next semester (CS major, possible Stat double major)?
Schedule thoughts?
What I Wish I Knew Academics part 1 - Practice Exams
Tenant Resources (especially if your landlord is Raj or Everest Properties)
financial aid offers!!
61a Final #1 / 3 thoughts?
Is there any way to negotiate lowering the rent after signing a lease?
Stat 20 at Community College
UCEAP: Utrecht University
L&amp;C CS
Failing a midterm and a C on an exam... Will I pass my course?
What are the chances of getting my first choice for housing?
Chances for a double room as a freshman?
How’s data 100’s workload?
cogsci 1 over the summer
Thinking about applying to Haas — too late?
A university professor in a powerful video message, encourages fellow professors to think of student at-home challenges due to classes being online because of COVID-19
Bay Area counties extend coronavirus stay-at-home orders to end of May
Raj Properties facing rent strike for harassing tenants
Taking CS70 and EECS16B together in Fall
Gitlet
Denero video on cheating
Question for Pre-Med CogSci/DataSci people?
Is this schedule below recommended amongst students? Why or why not?
P/NP or letter grade
Can I add a third roommate after submitting housing application?
ENGINEERING STUDENTS
Econ 2 will not be offered in Spring 2021?!
ACES
Can anyone spot me a few bucks until my stimulus check?
Did you get rejected from Stanford?
All of us right now.
Course drop form in CalCentral
How difficult is 16A?
Poli sci 179 Google Doc
Transfer student accepted as a Stats major, want to switch to Data Science. Is this possible?
Freshman Edge Timezone?
EE16A over the summer?
Berkeley College of Chemistry
stat 20 vs stat 88
Fall online
Smoke?
Compensation for CS internships
Chem 3AL grade bins
Double major Econ and DS or DS w concentration in Econ?
A Berkeley Weekend Morning Under a Blanket of Fog
Summer Classes Enrollment
Mechanical Engineering
Waitlist for Summer Courses
Is it possible to surf at Cal? (Also anyone here kiteboard?)
Life as a Cal student
How to pay OOS tuition?
Who here has also gotten accepted by UCLA?
Which one would you recommend as a Data Science domain emphases: Econ or Cognition?
Trying to get a certain prof?
ee127 + ee 120 + cs170 or cs162 + cs170 for fall? (also planning to take some time preparing for interviews). Which one is a better combination?
Birgenau or Lanzara for Physics 7b
CS 70 summer workload
Are engineering and business frats as bad as they seem?
Housing question
How’s the philosophy department here?
summer 61c
ee16b + cs170 + cs61c or math 53 + cs170 + cs61c?
Phase 2 Advice
How hard is it to transfer into Berkeley's CS Program (BA Computer Science)
Survey on Large Schools
How would you rank the coops in liveliness and what are their vibes.
Research during COVID-19
Pre law opportunities
What’s the social scene like for someone who’s not too into going to parties all the time?
Please share your experience with UC Berkeley mathematics undergrad programme
stupid is as...
Advice on classes for fall 2020
Human Context and Ethics for Data Science Major
Anthro 3ac or Cs70 for phase 2?
Gap Year
Stunning and Brave
Recently Admitted Transfer Student for Fall 2020 with Specific/Important Transcript Situation, I know it's a long post but if people could read through it, it would mean a lot to me.
Intramural Sports
Music 26AC with Sonevytsky?
I think my dog's about to die.
Join the Ugig email list to hear about upcoming paid research studies! New paid studies offered every week!
Major combination
[Survey] We're a group of students planning to launch an initiative to support currently closed Berkeley small businesses. 2 min survey with a chance to win a $10 giftcard!
Lesser-known pre-med opportunities at Berkeley?
a guy in EECS here to vent about women
Admission
Spots in 2+1Bed, 1 Bath or Lease Takeover
Is Blackwell Hall only for freshman?
Math (in particular Linear Algebra) Reqs for STAT135
Here’s a List of Colleges’ Plans for Reopening in the Fall
remote clubs fall 2020
Can I request an appeal for consideration of Regent's?
CS + physics double-major?
Cs+Phyiscs double major?
Aytu BioScience Signs Exclusive Global License with Cedars-Sinai for Potential Coronavirus Treatment UV LIGHT INJECTED INTO THE LUNGS
Berkeley vs. Northwestern for Industrial Engineering
Can I take Engineering classes in CNR???
What username do I use to log in to canvas when I'm doing Berkeley extension?
men in female dominated majors?
CoC Students, I've seen that average GPAs were significantly higher for last year's graduating students... why?
Should I take 61B with Hug or wait for Hilfinger?
Do you have any history of mental illness in your family?
CS 61BL vs 61B in Fall for fall recruiting / summer internships
Opinion | College Campuses Must Reopen in the Fall. Here’s How We Do It.
Considering withdrawing from Berkeley and possibly re-applying
Bill Gates Depopulation Vaccines- Plandemic
Trust the "experts" guys
thinking of deferring...
Freshman Edge options
EDUC 140 Class Info
interesting article on colleges reopening
orms gpa/application
The Natural Science Departments Suck
(Pre-Haas) UGBA10 before Econ 1/2 or Econ 1/2 before UGBA 10?
I build a mini unit 1, blackwell hall, and the new downtown Berkeley hotel in Minecraft!
The absolute state of redditards
Political Correctness
Berkeley people... enlighten me
UGBA 104 - Introduction to Business Analytics
What type of EC’s and High School classes for CNR
How and when did you decide on a major?
Is 61a homework supposed to be difficult?
Just committed, got bored, wanna say hi
Major dilemma
Should I pursue the Molecular and Cell Biology major?
Add me in Animal Crossing 😳 wanna make friends (SW-5390-2326-9910)
a gal in EECS here to vent about men
61a vs 61b
Astro 160 Prerequisites
competition in declaring majors
“Sittin in here tryna watch TV... shit the TV watching me”🤞🏽 #Shhh
Is it safe to wait until phase 2 to enroll in CS 70?
Econ 100A vs 101A
New math 53 grade buckets, from overheard
I'd love to hear what you guys think!
Has anyone received a stimulus check yet?
Position 96 for data 8 lecture will I get in?
ZOOM PARTY
Is the college student stimulus check real
Anyone whos taken LEGALST 132AC? Just a few questions if you're free
How are people moving out furniture?
President Fauci
helo cs 61a final next week
Transfer Student Intended Major Change
Cross College Talent Show/Competition/Music Fest Online?
those of you who are not planning to go to grad school: are you guys doing all p/np?
Mental health at Berkeley
2020-2021 Financial aid
Descent Into Hell: Chinese People Confront the Chinese Communist Party
Housing for Next Year - Doing Away with Triples?
Free Speech Silenced by Chinese Regime. Berkeley was all about free speech once.
Does the Library have a copy of Jud Süß
Right on point
Cogsci 131 syllabus
"What Else Has The FBI Buried?" - Stunning documents withheld for years from former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn’s defense reveal that the retired three-star general did not commit any crimes, as suggested by DoJ prosecutors in Robert Mueller’s probe...
The Eternal Chosenite
Environmental Economics Major
What's your experience been on a single-gender floor?
Continuing students !!
Is plentea on Durant open? What are the hours?
What do you like about the English department at UC Berkeley?
Double Majoring across Colleges
EVAN WEAVER has been drafted by the Arizona Cardinals with the 202nd overall pick
Should I choose Cal for Chemical Engineering major?
BJJ at Cal?
Would love to hear what you think!
Can someone please tell me that my grades this semester are not my fault?
What is life like at Berkeley
Spring admit transfer housing?
how many classes/courses each semester can you take at Berkeley?
Applying to Grad School in Berkeley as an undergrad here?
EE16A + CS70
Has anyone taken Info W18?
New Evidence Supports Credibility of Tara Reade’s Allegation Against Biden
UGBA W102A + Econ 100A over summer
Jaylen Hawkins drafted 134th overall to the Atlanta Falcons
What are you in for?
Summer classes
Distinction at Graduation Units Requirement with DP/NP?
Scary fast...
Welcome UC Berkeley Class of 2024! Official Freshman Welcome Thread!
A simple truth.
This
Leftists Logix this Sums It Up Nicely...
HR want to hear from LGBT community in reference to gender identity on campus
Good Minors?
61bl vs 61b / 61bl vs ee16a
What grading option are you choosing this semester
How is mental health at Cal? How is social life?
Purchase just the meal plan from iHouse?
7B Cutoffs?
Has anyone taken MCB c261 or c262 as an undergrad?
has anyone taken Econ c171
I was recently accepted to UCB and UCLA, Need some opinions to help me decide
What can I do to make my application stand out against others for HAAS?
Regarding Tuition for upcoming semesters....
Math 54 and CS61B at the same time
Which daddy is under the Ski mask?
Optional Finals?
if anybody wants to play skribbl, come thru
MET
EE16a curve?
Berkeley vs Carnegie Mellon vs Johns Hopkins
Professional Frats/Sororities?
ZOOM PARTY
am i the only one who just doesn’t do anything for class anymore (or the bare minimum)
Cheaters in Math 54 this semester too. Really sad to see how many people will cheat with the first hint of an opportunity
berkeley over ucla ?
What have you all been doing besides homework/studying?
Political Science Upper Divs
Open Letter To 💦 Ms. Hernandez (Berkeley Health Officer),
The Mechanical Engineering department just added another required class to the major
Finding Out About Housing
How hard are the math classes here in berkeley?(math major)
How do CS classes pick out cheaters?
Appealing from a CSU?
If every class is going to be online for the fall semester, is there a point of moving near Berkeley versus staying in LA for the fall semester?
Ashtyn Davis (S) has been selected with the 68th overall pick by the New York Jets
Ashtyn Davis drafted 68th overall by the New York Jets
Freshman Applying for Housing
Does anyone know whether fall 2046 is going to be online?
Berkeley or UCLA?
Working full-time while taking graduate classes at Berkeley [via zoom]?
housing for a single semester possible?
Clubs for a pre-Haas Envi Sci major?
Bioengineering Double Major
FAFSA for Off Campus Housing
Leak: University System of Georgia to Reopen Campus June 1st - Requiring Staff and Faculty Attendance
Anyone want to get 50 bucks through Discover's refer a friend program?
Love you all! See you in the fall! #gradschool
Summer Film Certificate
Bio 1B and E7 Summer 2020
The Saga Continues
Co-Op housing Apartments!
UGBA10 Phase 2?
Is there a way I can have a list of profs conducting research?
Getting an F in cs61b.
Is it going to be online for spring 2021?
Recently rejected but have something to say
does Berkeley have a good art program?
How should I approach a professor to inquire about their research?
Can I ask for aid even though I won't qualify for financial difficulty?
Why is e26 reserved for freshman?
UC Letter of Reciprocity
Will data 8 have any seats for seniors ? Can I phase 2 it?
16B waitlist
162
Help!
Ming Gu vs. David Nadler for Math 54?
Getting into psychology upper divs?
MCB 55
Is Engin 7 taught asynchronously this summer?
Are people even doing the work anymore
Chance of getting Data 100 as a Freshman?
Data 100 + CS 61B or Data 100 + CS 70
Eecs 16B And Math 53 over the summer?
16A and Data8 during summer
They can imitate us but they cant duplicate us!
Advice needed about dorming for someone afraid to use communal bathrooms.
data 100 enrollment?
poli sci 5
How can I find the internships?
CS 70 cheating - I need advice.
UC to UC Transfer Problem
reserved seats? do i have a decent chance of getting off the waitlist?
If Travis Scott can have a concert in fortnite, why can't we have GBO in minecraft?!
FULL Fortnite x Travis Scott Astronomical Concert
If Travis Scott and make an amazing concert in fortnite, WHY CAN'T WE HAVE GBO IN MINECRAFT?!
Which classes should I take in Freshman Edge?
Regarding instructor for Econ 151 &amp; Econ 140 this summer
Is Course Evaluation Anonymous ?
Has anyone taken Econ C110?
With Campuses Closed, Columbia And Pace Students Sue For Refunds
[CS] Taking 61A and 16A together in Summer
AP Credits into Units
For those of you who have looked for housing during the summer in the past
Fair Grading for Fall 2020 Semester
at least we won’t be affected PG&amp;E outage in the Fall?
Global Studies at Berkeley?
anyone know if la burrita on Southside is still open?
Haas vs Econ/CS for investment banking
Raj Properties proud to present: great selection of apartments available
Is taking Stat 133 and Stat 131a feasible in one semester?
data science courses??
Confused About Fall Instruction
Can I take math 16b after Math 54
Overlap rule for two L&amp;S minors?
Data 100 or CS 188
Why I'm going to Berkeley instead of Stanford
Current situation...
Data 8 Minor, 1 course core or 2 course core?
5 month rule for F1 students
Acceptance date
How likely is it to be accepted to a CO-OP as an EOP transfer student?
Housing for pre-haas envi sci major and eecs major
CS61A Over the Summer Freshman Edge
is it possible to add a class if there isn't even space on the waitlist?
How is CS170 with Alessandro Chiesa?
UC Berkeley hopes to build 16-story housing complex at People’s Park
if i take a community college summer class before my freshman year will it interfere with my acceptance or admission?
Reserved Seating
Is the major in residence requirement enforced? Has anyone got it waived?
What classes teach about basic digital art?
Website with info about transferring CC credits to Cal
Question Regarding Conditions of Admission
data100 and cs170 waitlist
Rescind?
Deferral vs Withdrawal
Fall 2020 online classes option: Where do you plan on living?
Did anyone here get off the waitlist while transferring to UC Berkeley back then?
Taking 7B over the summer as a physics major?
CS162 over summer
Is this schedule doable?
Full tuition Fall 2020
Chances of getting into CS 170
Econ Electives?
Should newly admitted students even apply for housing?
Is it possible to buy your way off the UC Berkeley waitlist?
Worth taking CS 61A over summer? (prefrosh not going to Berkeley)
A look at the libraries at the virtual UC Berkeley campus on Minecraft —
What to take with CS70: CS61C vs EECS16B
PS3 w/ Little
Fall 2020 Admission Deferral
Bio 1b
Waitlist Students, Prepare!
Will incoming students be allowed to defer their admissions by a year?
5bl next semester if online
MCAT Studying Partner
How to rent textbook through Cal Student Store for Summer 2020 classes?
Office of the Vice Chancellor just announced you can take Fall 2020 completely remote even if classes are held in person.
Waitlist for Summer Bio 1B
Fall 2020 Update - Remote instruction will be an option; no tuition / campus fee refunds (lol)
What are the odds fall 2020 will be online?
How hard is it to get into Astro C10?
Taking ME 132 concurrently with E7
Craigslist scam
What is wrong with me, I have lost all of my motivation
For Berkeley students and Families, Site offers free online Karate lessons during covid-19
For those of you who already have housing in place for 2020-21 school year....
Can someone enlighten me on the on the content of EECS 151
CS 170, CS 149, EE 120
how hard is getting an A- or an A in cs70?
What are some good classes to take with 61c?
fat ballsack ass niqqa
Haas and Fpf? Also how difficult is it to get into Haas as an international student?
Keep getting this error when trying to enroll in summer classes through cal central. Any suggestions?
How difficult is it to get off the waitlist for summer classes?
Gratitude post
In the spirit of Earth Day here's an article that focuses on the economics of climate change. Read, "The Cost-Benefit Analysis of Climate Change"
I-20 form?
Class Load Management
Is there any merit to media studies at Berkeley?
Any AFROTC people in here?
Poli Sci 179 Google Doc
Transfer Regents Scholars
Is UC Berkeley on a upward or downward trajectory in terms of overall reputation and prestige?
Humanities Workload at Berkeley
Does Cal waive the deposit for Regents candidates (ppl invited to interview but didn't get the scholarship)?
Political Science class sign up question
Social Connect
CS 170, 162, 186
Public Health Major
PLeAsE bE mOrE cOnSiDeRaTe
Debit card thief
econ major appeal
Summer class overlap
What is the drug scene like at Berkeley?
Got Accepted into Berkeley, Can't fulfill IGETC
City Planning 110?
Importance of 16b in 126?
When was enrollment period for continuing students?
Phy 137A Fall Professor
Please be more considerate; Raj Properties commits to excellence
Taking 9 units over the summer?
anyone whos stayed at ihouse? Just some questions!
Family Student Housing Waitlist
The New Report on Proctoring Final Exams Calls us out
Bio 1A or 1B/L for summer session?
Petitioning for reduced rent?
Will p/np look bad for grad school?
Did anyone pick Berkeley over Stanford and why?
Post Office
Housing (sorry i know everyone else keeps posting abt this)
What are you planning to do with your housing if fall semester goes online?
I need to take either Political Economy 100 or 101 for my upper division elective (not a political economy major). Do I have to take POLECON 100 before taking 101?
Gitlet
Study of 1536 Oxford Street "Boudrow House"
ok to phase 2 cs70?
How does one unenroll from the freshman bridge program to enroll in the summer-bridge program?
Cs 70 tutor needed please help
Graduating Spring 2020 can't enroll in Summer Classes
Can someone post the full cheating text of the message that Anant Sahai sent out in CS 70?
Which math professor would you recommmend?
Returning student and curious about changes due to COVID-19
Workload help for summer.
I accepted my offer of admission and completed most of my student tasks, but is there anything else I have to do?
For Graduation, Cal Students Build ‘Blockeley University’ in Minecraft
Phase 1 Upper Div Classes even tho Undeclared?
Is the substance free dorm a total bore?
Major shoutout to the people who made Berkeley in Minecraft
People who got admitted via an appeal, when did you receive your admission decision?
Did I shoot myself in the foot for submitting to cs70 cheating form
Data 100 Professor
Tell me about your favorite classes. What classes/professors enlightened you?
Class of 2024 - question on Cal's policy on GPA for a college course done in HS
R1B at community or R5B at Berkeley
GSIs require email for PNP
UC Berkeley Waitlist Question
Will Berkeley help me get a job in the film industry or prepare for it?
C8 + CS88?
How bad is it to take some classes pass no pass and some letter grade?
Thoughts on UGBA104?
How likely is it to get a single-gender floor?
Thoughts on UCDC?
I'm struggling
rental agencies
Cal alumni working in the fashion biz (industry)...
How's English 145?
Everest properties
Cal State Fullerton classes will continue online during fall semester; will Berkeley follow?
Schedule advice
SJSU to hold MOST Fall 2020 lecture courses online. Some classes might return to classroom setting
Hi, this is my first time enrolling in a class at cal. Is this page the end? There was no payment or anything? Thanks.
Which Grading Option?
Safe to Phase 2 UGBA 10?
Will I be Out of State? Transferring from CC but my parents Live in Mexico.
Meet people from your bed!
Undergraduate Admissions Update Form help
How hard is GPP 115?
Should I attend another school if I’m interested in forensic psychology?
Should I look for a lease or wait?
(VIDEO) Exclusive 1-on-1 with MBB Recruit Angelo Brizzi | with Cal, Villanova, Georgetown &amp; Colorado just in the last week, we Talk His game, His blow up, the Jordan Doc &amp; MORE!
PLEASE help: EE16A or Math 54
Summer Housing in Frats
What is going on with ResHall/UCB housing response times?
Public Health Honors Help
Snape
Snape
Data 144?
Triplets in the tower: UC Berkeley’s peregrine falcon chicks are here
Can a Transfer be asked to re-take a class at UCB
Should I attend another school if I’m interested in forensic psychology?
Advice on Choosing a Minor?
help i have questions/need advice!
Why is Berkeley so hard?
Useful mentoring program for incoming 2022/2024 Berkeley students
Useful mentoring program for Berkeley students
summer pnp?
UC Berkeley researchers to conduct coronavirus study on asymptomatic individuals
ME Looking to Take EE Upper Divs without EE 16a/b
What do you think the odds we continue remote learning fall 2020?
Summer classes
This project is a whole different beast
Econ 1 vs econ 2 this fall?
Does anyone notice ALL Joshua Hug's cs61b course webpages cannot be accessed anymore?
[CS70 DRAMA] CS70 staff possibly censoring posts on Piazza
ECON 140 at another UC
How many credits do you think a new student should take during their first semester? College of Letters and Sciences
Thoughts on Econ 2?
Wait list question
Econ 2 mean?
Math 1B over the summer
Former premeds at Berkeley: where are you now?
Should I take econ 100b before taking econ 140? How hard is econ 140??
Housing for transfers
GIG Car Share Promo $30 still works! [Promo code - COMMUNITY]
UC Berkeley Tri Delta chapter launches campaign for Berkeley Relief Fund
Students of COVID-19: college students worldwide share their stories from home
How does GPA work when you don’t get credit for a class?
Students of COVID-19: college students worldwide share their stories from home
ugba 100 as non haas?
Incoming CNR Student? Check out Cal Week Events
Dear God, please allow me to live on campus this fall.
Berkeley Bio+Business Program??
stat 33a?
*enrolls in CS70 with sahai* "Wait, why do I hear EDM music playing?"
Can someone look over my appeal or give tips?
Can we take INFO 213/INFO C262/NWMEDIA C262 as an undergrad?
Stat W21 vs. Stat 135
A public university sends more grads to Silicon Valley's tech giants than any Ivy League school
Just a heads up to anyone taking a semester off
Returning Rentals to the Student Store
Unemployment office?
Freshman’s! Welcome and Congrats to UC Berkeley Class of 2024!
interesting article
Does anyone know is the ASUC Amazon lockers are open?
Enrolling in Data 8 and a connector concurrently
Anyone else not able to enroll in Stat 88?
Has anyone gotten their housing refund yet?
How do you convert a living room into a bedroom?
Any upperclassmen majoring in MCB?
Who do you secretly blame for this COVID-19 situation?
Choosing classes that have an option from 1-4 units
Welcome and Congrats to UC Berkeley Transfers Class of 2022! Official Welcome Thread!
CalCentral seeking participants to test new Enrollment design
Do you think Fall 2020 will resume back to campus or remain on zoom?
International Student requesting refund
this too much for summer c(Math 104,113 and CS61A)
How is individual major noted on the transcript/diploma?
Anyone else's sleep schedule trashed?
Is anyone here a 1 year transfer?
Recommended Housing for Grad student?
CS61B + Data 100
How will EE16A be different but that it's online?
Your experiences as transfer students
Ethic classes?
How hard is Math 1B if I took Calc BC and Math 16B?
CS70 Help
Political economy vs public policy minor vs double major
What are some interesting Econ electives and classes in general?
Is it possible to appeal my decision at Cal from L&amp;S to EECS?
UGBA W155 workload
UGBA 135 for Non-Business/Econ Majors?
Summer Online Waitlist?
How hard is Public Health 101?
Reasonable to take 2 summer classes during 1 session?
UGBA 135 Personal Finance Textbook
CMU Stats/ML vs Berkeley CS/Data Science
EE 16A + CS 188 over the summer?
Data8 Fall Enrollment?
Valuable Resource For Students
ASUC Senator Nicole Anyanwu Has Complete Meltdown in Regent's Slack
How much support online are you guys getting? Are there enough office hours to get help from professors or your TAs?
Preparing for EE 16B: Math 110 or EE 16A?
Am I going to have my admission offer rescinded?
UGBA 135 Personal Finance Textbook
Sahai as a professor
Summer Waitlist
Senior Year Advice Request
Talaska for math 10a
Copying Solutions CS70
Getting off CS 61C/170 waitlist (non-cs major)
Does C++ prepare you for CS 61C?
Denerorened
CS70 Advice
Off campus v on campus for financial aid
Gitlet CS61b
I see you munching
some questions as a spring 2021 transfer admit
The Berkeley League of Legends club is hosting an online tournament (BLCS) on 4/30 with HyperX prizing!
How hard is it to switch majors as a transfer?
Can newly-admitted transfer students already declare their major?
Another post about L&amp;S CS
Can I put lab data in a portfolio?
Double major in DS with CS or Stats?
Am I eligible Berkeley TAP?
Easiest International Studies Breadth?
CS 184?
Best housing option for freshman
Online courses for summer?
Free Berkeley Themed Zoom Backgrounds and Phone Lock Screens!
Does anybody know why Data 8 for Fall 2020 says it has a class size of 0?
Parents made me answer “no” on the section of the housing application saying i will smoke outside of the dorms.
transcripts help
Will EE16B lab be optional again Fall 2020?
I should be working on my lab, forgive me Weaver
EE16a or cs61b summer
Does the major impact your chances of being admitted?
DS Minor: IEOR 172 vs Stat 88 vs Stat 140?
Transfer Off-Campus Housing Options
HOLLYWOOD: Stay Home America! We Can Do This!
Is there an Economics Minor?
Even though Berkeley had one of the best rugby teams in the US that won many national championships, the university wanted to get rid of the team in 2010 in order to reduce costs. Only after a ton of fundraising was the sport kept.
Is this serious serious? How many students can they fail considering a huge portion of the class copies past solutions
CS70 Cheating
Cheating penalty
Anyone take the intro data science class and cs61a concurrently? Would it be manageable to take as an incoming freshman? I took AP CSP in high school but honestly I have very limited coding experience.
How hard is it to get into the classes you want/need? (Transfer Student)
CS61C and CS70 workload
IB 141 with Physics 8B together over summer?
How is CS 170 with Professors Umesh V Vazirani and Avishay Tal?
Are parking permits really $1476?
math 53 at summer school
Looking for EECS 16b tutor
Can I commit to and attend Berkeley while having my admission to another university deferred?
college students help out
Berkeley grad student housing?
ACM-ICPC Programming Contest
Ind Eng 135
Anyone take Climate Change Economics?
L&amp;S 6 Upper Division Credit Outside of Your Major - Double Major?
Reddit Thread specifically for Berkeley classes
16B Next Semester
Data science &amp; stats double major?
Learning CS free, need a partner
Summer Physics 7B @ CC
cs70 over the summer?
Transfer defer
Switching majors as a transfer student
Easy breadths?
happy 420 🍁
Berkeley Gap Year/Deferral—please help!
Transferring in to UCB to Semi-Unrelated Major (Experience/Advice/Success Stories Please)
CS 61B
Transfer First Semester Course Load for Econ major
is MCB 166 hard?
When are you taking the 16B final?
Question About Parking
Transfer Questions!
Transfer Questions
The Wealth Tax: Pipe Dream or Path to Justice?
Cs 170 prereqs enforced?
More rumors: fall 2019 set to be online?
Covid 19 late drop
Please help me with my final project!
change my mind
Haas
Does UC Berkeley rescind for class changes spring quarter?
Unable to access calnet
Universities begin considering the possibility of canceling in-person classes until 2021
Anyone have any speculation about fall 2020 classes being online?
Any Haas transfers that I can talk to?
Might next semester's classes also be P/NP?
Transfer at Berkeley
Housing for Next Year
marriage for instate tuition
Do Cal CS grads end up in same/better positions than CS grads from HYPS out of undergrad?
What are your feelings about Berkeley? (the city, not the college)
Environmental Economics and Policy Majors?
bathrooms on co-ed floors?
Question about Declaring Multiple Majors
Data Science has less CS courses?
How to determine slope of a hill in Berkeley?
feeling so lost in 70 right now
time conflict for econ 1
Chance me for making friends with hot girls as a CS major
Any English majors out there?
Running out of major classes to take
What are some plans for the philosophy majors here?
Does UC Berkeley use Canvas?
Econ 100b phase2
Any interesting courses?
Anthropology Major Info?
senior trying to decide if i should go to UCB
Bio 1A
Will classes be put online for fall 2020?
Considering taking a semester off
Quad transfer out of and into Berkeley
Pre-Haas Incoming Freshman Schedule Help
Taking Math 1A over the summer through Freshman Edge?
Should I take Math W53 or N53 over the summer?
Do our regular summer financial aid apply to Extension classes?
Thoughts on Econ 110 during the summer (or in general)?
Summer Classes
We all get Free New York Times subscriptions ??? I had no idea
What do “N” and “W” mean?
Carol Christ doesn’t want you to know this but the crayfish on campus are free
Can I register for the same class at the same time for both summer and fall?
How hard is it to get a single in an on-campus apartment as a transfer student?
Does getting off from the waitlist also depends on your major??
Laptop suggestions for civil engineering major?
UC Berkeley waitlist and housing
Math53/54 to replace Math16a/b for Econ
Transferring to Berkeley
North Side apartments &amp; social life
MSNBC Spends an Entire Segment Talking About How Lockdown Protestors Are Racist Confederates
Cal Dance Team
С ЭТИМ НАДО ЧТО ТО ДЕЛАТЬ часть 1
it is fri-day
History transfer students?
Being isolated in Quarantine
Who is in charge of the admissions department and if so, does he/she have a form of contact such as email?
High School Diploma Transfer UC Berkeley
Econ 100 A/B vs econ 2
Regarding berkeley email and dropping out
Summer Registration for a Newly Admitted Transfer Student
Can Transfer Edge students enroll for upper division summer session classes?
2000s ZOOM PARTY!
Commuting to Berkeley (1 hr 30)
Dream island, pastel
STOLEN BIKE - please DM me if you see it, loved this thing
R4B vs R5B vs R1B
nash hotel on university avenue, watercolor
Econ 100/101
summer classes
how's asamst 128ac?
anyone know how conditions of admissions will work this year with P/NP?
America is so broken
CS169?
International Studies Breadth Class recommendations?
phase 1 vs phase 2
Haas Pre-Reqs Advice
Should I phase 1 BioE 100 or Data 100?
Why is my schedule on crack? Does this mean my lectures are asynchronous? I need to know ASAP because these classes overlap for 9 days. (Summer Session)
Transferring Out of Cal
Incoming Freshman Schedule Help
Residency
Are my financial aid awards delayed?
Surprised I got accepted to Berkeley...what happens if I reject their offer?
so i don’t meet one of the conditons of admission...
Will I have a chance to getting off the waiting list with these circumstances?
Dumb question about course enrollment
Is it possible to graduate Berkeley as a transfer student in one year?
How’s the school spirit?
Friend just got into Berkeley for Art
Waitlisted Transfer ~~~~ Advice Needed
Newsom's advisor
Art W23AC and ESPM 50AC
Probably getting rescinded -- need advice
Any New Zealand students here?
Stereotypes of Berkeley Students
Applied Math Majors, Transfer Seeking Advice
Any Advice for a *potential* Bear?
Reviews of Berkeley Data Science?(Qn from an aspiring entrepreneur)
I submitted my waitlist application just before the deadline, but I'm still able to edit the response in the portal. Is this normal? I wrote to admissions but received no reply.
Anyone had success appealing a rejection?
Any had success appealing a rejection?
Incoming EECS major transfer Fall 2020
Prospective Transfer for Philosophy
Physics 8B/Chem 3A Over Summer
Transfer Housing Recomendations
Is this Fall 2020 schedule manageable?
Taking Gap Year
I got rejected and it fucking stings
Question about transfer transcripts
High School AP Research Survey
Co-Op questions
Are your section classes painfully quiet?
Going to 9.5 units
Civil/Environmental Engineering Major/Minor
Transfer Economics Majors / Transfer Students in the College of Letters and Sciences
Accepted into the college of letters and sciences as a transfer. What does this mean?
How do you decide what classes to take?
Transfer Class of 2022
Question about transfering (EECS)
It would be cool if professors in each discipline can do these interviews.
I'm curious how many transfer students here got in for CS today ?
Cal Week
Admitted to Spring of 2021?
Engineering Physics and Engineering Math and Stats
cs61b over summer?
WELCOME TRANSFERS!!
Backed out of my lease agreement
UC Berkeley to test 5,000 healthy people in East Bay for coronavirus
ADMITTED TRANSFER FROM CC!!!
Job prospects for an undergraduate degree in applied math?
Doubts about social life and stress culture from a prospective student.
What's wrong with my application? - Transfer Reject.
Can freshman enroll in upper division courses during Freshman edge?
Is it possible to double major and minor?
are the ap physics 1 and 2 exams worth it?
Turnitin or other plagiarism checker
Where are masks available? [Southside Berkeley]
Congrats to all the newly admitted transfer students!!
@ MCB and Public Health majors
Will UC Berkeley allow me to take my last IGETC course in a summer session at my CCC?
Housing Options for Transfers
wellman hall watercolor done today
EECS summer classes will not be PNP
EECS summer classes will not be PNP
EECS summer courses will NOT be PNP
EECS summer courses will NOT be PNP
BERKELEY BOUND
Blurb
EECS summer courses will NOT be PNP
EECS Summer Courses will NOT be PNP
Switching from College of Chemistry to Letters &amp; Sciences as a Transfer Student
What does the D in DPN stand for?
Best R1B/R4B class?
Math 1B (Paulin) vs 16B (Gomez)?
Is 5% L&amp;S CS admit rate on infocenter only counting the students who do well in the weeder courses and can declare?
Chances to get off the waitlist as a Physics Major Transfer?
What are the odds of getting off the waiting list? (Transfer student)
Newly admitted students checking for scholarship money
Soup For Takeout?
Why to choose Berkeley over UCLA
Double majoring in polisci and Econ?
Login temporarily blocked
Any comments on professor Zachary Pardos?
Econ 2
Waitlisted transfer
Admitted Poli Sci Transfer Seeking Advice
UGBA W102A
61A summer vs 61A fall
Questions from a prospective Freshman (aspiring pre-med)
Unpopular(?) Opinion for Next Semester
Political Science at Berkeley
Berkeley MS/MArch Graduate Program
Anyone still being paid for work study?
Econ 136 wait list
Course Load Fall 2020: Econ 101b, Math 54, Stat 88, UGBA 10
Does anyone have any idea when transfer decisions will be released day? Any previous transfers remember the time of day they received their news?
Global Poverty: Challenges and Hopes (GPP 115) offered this summer
If I late drop a class now, would it show on my trancript?
Freshman Edge Courses for EECS
CBE 170A/B/L experience?
Animal Rights Activist Wayne Hsiung Is Running For Mayor Of Berkeley
Bio 1B vs Chem 3A/3AL over summer
need help filling out the Berkeley SLR, basically for the registration date for the vehicle, do they want the original date it was registered or when they last registered it for renewal(yearly registration for a vehicle)
Physics 8a curve
How’s the workload of Data 100 paired with Ling 100 over the summer?
Experiences w/ good class combos?
Belmont University Social Media Internship - 2020 2021 Big Internships
Enrollment times
Anyone here take STAT W21?
Top 3 CS Classes from this list?
Choosing a Uni: Berkeley vs. Tufts
Fall 2020 Transfer Applicant
ZOOM PARTY
how safe? I got in, and im comtemplating between here and CMU. The only thing that will determine my choice is how safe it is, because i heard the crime rate is alot
Taking next semester off?
Anyone Here Pre-Vet?
I want to drop this semester.
UC Berkeley vs UMD
Toilet paper
Anyone had Shyam Parekh?
Cog Sci 131: Computational Models..
Study Abroad OS Class
Thoughts on this schedule for incoming BioE freshman?
Data Science Intended Major: Should I take Data 8 or CS61BL over the summer?
Transferring into EECS/L&amp;S CS
BioE Conecntration Flexibility
Math 10A/10B
What is the easiest bio major?
Class of 2024 student looking for a mentor in Econ/Business/Computer Science/Data Science
Recommended Order for Upper Div Applied Math
Summer classes in San Jose: Physics 7a, Physics 7b, Reading and Comp B reqs
[LA Times] The University of California was hit with $558 million in unanticipated costs in March alone due to coronavirus
Shared Contacts for Gmail | Share Google Contacts with G-Suite Users | Share Email Contacts
ECON 119, Psychology and Economics
My only sense of time these days is when Duo asks me to re-authenticate my device for 30 days
Who is this professor? Why does he look so hot and handsome?
[vent]
Music 26AC P/NP Spike
Hug CS61B vs Summer CS61BL
UCB v UCLA Premed
Anxious about my grades &amp; graduating
Am I able to declare two majors early?
Making these magazines are not "Essential Buisness". Send me an email and ask for money dont spend money on this dumb shit. WTF Berkeley. Dissapointed.
BYOB College Seniors Party
What are some of the best classes you have taken at Berkeley?
CS170/ 61C/ Math 110 doable in fall?
Anyone want to help with a couple calc problems?
Easiest arts and lit course for l&amp;s requirement?
How’s the Smash/FG scene here?
Stat 140 in the Fall
eecs 106a + cs 170 vs eecs106a + cs 188
Thoughts on living outside of California if next semester or year are online?
Classes in the fall?
ME Tech electives
Need some help for a final decision
thoughts on hug's grading?
Physics 7a, Any way to know a rough estimate of my grade before final?
Math N53 vs W53?
Does getting a college degree stay in someone’s record? Like will the government know if I got a college degree?
What's a fun class I can take in the fall?
we buy junk cars
Course Scheduling Help
CS 61BL vs 61B in Fall with Hug
East R1B over the summer at CC
How much math background needed for CS70?
Jobs in Berkeley?
earliest time slot for phase 1 enrollment
Advice on choosing technicals (CS 61C, 70, and/or UD's) for Fall 2020
Summer lab classes to be held online?
CS61B/Stat 133/135 +breadth doable?
If you are a surfer who got accepted to UC Berkeley! Please contact the surf team there
Do you guys think they’re going to cancel Lauv in August?
Physics 8B cheaters
Math and CS classes for intended Physics major
YSK: $~2k in value; Graduate students may qualify for the Food Awards from financial aid department
Disadvantages of a CS minor vs a CS major.
We should make these tables for the squirrels on campus
Math 1A/B at CC a bad idea?
Cleaning out my closet and almost cried
I screwed up things w my research prof
Has anyone taken Math C285 (Linear Algebra) at CCC?
How are the squirrels doing?
Cancel Off-campus housing
Should I major in rhetoric or sociology?
Data Science guide
Friendly reminder to take care of yourself and get some sun (respect social distancing though) (:
does berkeley release most acceptances before or on the admission deadline?
Transfer decisions date and time
Data Science guide
Tested Positive for Missing the Homies
Extremely disappointed How is this even possible?
Where is everyone?
Data Science guide
Summer Bridge Program
Student Benefit -the Economist discount
Online Classes - Summer 2020
Stat 134 with lbser
Save TOP DOG! Order wursts through mail order!
Issue with Two-step verification on Firefox
Can someone read my waitlist letter?
Unique Extra Credit Opportunity
Any EECS Transfers out there?
Getting into Econ upperdivs without being in the major
How do I convince my helicopter parents? (Housing)
Would you recommend the Fall Program for Freshman?
Do the asian guys here ever like non-asian girls?
Extra semester(s) for double major in CS and Physics?
RSF Gym membership charge during covid19
An Open Letter to Dr. Presti
what's the party scene at like at Cal?
For CS61A aren't the people who dismissed MT2 at an advantage?
Cut the Chase - Online Classes Worth it?
Submitted my dorm cancellation form Nearly a month Ago...
Data 100
Data 100
Incomplete Grade for P/NP
(Better Day) 8_10_1130pm by Marc Hugs
Econ 140 people—P/NPing or letter grade?
Data 8 online over the summer? (Data 8x)?
CS 160
Has anyone taken Ibser's stat 20 before??
Do I even have a chance of transferring here?
Fellow graduating bears worried about hiring freezes/finding a job
Getting into the statistics major:
2020 List of Public Ivies
Can someone who got off the waitlist last year read a part of my waitlist letter?
Waitlisted at Berkeley; anyone willing to read my essay?
Letter of rec from a GSI?
Philosophy Jargon Course?
Am I Screwed by a D in Stats? (Incoming Freshman)
Ask us anything about Berkeley's Freshman Edge or Transfer Edge!
FPF Option on the Berkeley Waitlist
Aight so which one of you cheated on the Chem 3a exam
Quick Survey Help for Final Project
AHH AHH AHH
Berkeley Architecture?
UGBA 10 Kiddos - P/NPing or 🐍ing?
Music Scene
Data 8 Class Size Cut in Half?
EOP/BSC Housing
I Started A Petition to Try and Get Monetary Aid From the Government for Students. Please look into it! Thank you!
Anyone know anything about this organization? Would enrolling be worthwhile?
Quad room foothill suites
COVID-19: Campus impacts and Responses
There are more hot girls at Berkeley than hot guys...
Am I fucked for haas
What are the best consulting clubs on campus?
EECS 5th Year MS
Puzzle swap
Berkeley has the 5th best Minecraft campus (In my opinion... at least 🥺)
Chances of getting a blackwell double?
Do all R&amp;C B courses count as an H/SS?
For the Incoming Freshmen: A Berkeley Facebook Page Starter Pack
BioE 100 vs ENERES C100 vs ENGIN 125 vs ENGIN 185 Ethics requirement
Dropping a class
Any OOS students do their R1B over the summer?
What happens if the roommate I apply for housing with gets off waitlist at another school and goes there?
DMV Announces Extension for All Expiring Driver’s Licenses and Real IDs
Any Data Science majors in this situation?
Math H104?
Is EE 126 really the hardest EECS class?
Is this a doable Fall 2020 schedule?
Help scheduling for Sophomore CS major trying to pursue a IEOR minor
I know summer sessions are online ... but does anyone know if they’re P/NP?
EE126 and EE127
Anyone else experiencing USPS delivery (outgoing) delays?
Easy or Interesting L&amp;S International breadth class?
Question about cs course schedule from an incoming freshman
Farms in Berkeley? ...mooo
UC Berkeley or UC Davis for Wildlife Biology?
What to do for off campus housing?
16A midterm 2
Best Upper Div H/SS American Cultures class to take?
Ok but...
CS Schedule for Fall 2020
Housing Cancellation
Should I take Econ 2 with Romers or Econ 1 with new professor??
which stat class should i take
Econ 141 workload?
Physics 8B during the summer?
CS Upper Div Advice
Does committing earlier mean I get housing earlier? Because I probably won't commit until like April 30.
Computer Science Advice
How does dropping a class work right now?
Hey guys, we created a survey to learn more about what students are looking for during their job search post graduation. If you have time, it would really help out. Thanks!
Waitlists and Reserved Seats
Has anyone taken ME C117?
physics 188?
Berkeley Social Life
How to keep yourself entertained during quarantine
Switching from MCB to Toxicology
Looking for an Economics Major
Chances of Fall and Next Spring's Classes Being All Online?
Bike recommendations?
Need Housing Advice
CS 70 Summer Session
Questions on roommates
Why is no one pressuring Berkeley administration to refund campus fees?
Summer CS70
is it safe to phase 2 cs162?
Need advice for upper div ME courses
Internships canceled, need advice on what to do this summer.
CS61B Gitlet Help
Can someone help me (Dorm Rent)?
Still Very Confused About Whether to Take Classes for a Letter Grade
EE 16B next semester
any econ transfers here?
Am History and Institutions at Community College
Where is the P/NP policy for declaring L&amp;S CS?
EE16B (Summer &amp; Online Labs)
Easy natural science elective for EECS requirement?
ECON 151 Carson
Berkeley vs Davis?
I ordered from here
Data 144
Seeking advice about grad school letters of rec
STAT 20 IBSER VS. STOYANOV
Is it too tough to take Stat 20 and Econ 1 at the same time over summer?
ps3
Appeal Letter?
Possibly failing physics 7B
How many credits does APUSH give you? 8 or 4? (L&amp;S CS intended, admitted recently)
Housing Question
Undergrads CS Research - Asking your Opinion
Procrastinating with lectures so I built Unit 3
CS70 MT2
Attendance Required for Canic's Math 53?
Resume Check
Math 55 or CS 70
P/NP vs Letter
Has anyone successfully switched into CoE from Letters and Sciences?
Unit 1
Chem 1A in the fall instructor?
Is Berkeley worth it?
Mental Health Concerns and Seeking Advice
Fifth year MS decision?
Psych 1 or 2 for Data Science Emphasis in Psychology?
Data 100 + Math 54 + Job over summer
Possibility of Berkeley Going Online?
Econometrics in the summer?? (ECON140)
Econ c103/ Math c103
If I sign a Cal housing contract now am I still able to cancel at a later date?
MCB 160 waitlisted :/
thoughts on CY PLAN 101
UX Internships with no experience?
What were your favorite &amp; least favorite classes you’ve taken at Cal?
Registration hold question
Does passing out of prereqs look bad for haas
parking in berkeley1
Transfer question
Ugba classes
Incoming Freshman!
CS 61A and EECS 16A through Freshman Edge
does CS70 allow concurrent conflict enrollement
Anthro 2ac and bio 1b over the summer?
I successfully enrolled into a class, but the discussion section was waitlisted?
He will walk: Paralyzed Cal rugby player’s road to recovery and graduation
Will Berkeley be accepting AP credits this year?
Easiest Summer classes?
How to teach my 3-week-old kitten some numerical methods in python?
What's the social life like at Berkeley?
What's the hardest topic of CS70?
does cs 70 allow concurrent class conflict
Invalid credentials on bCourses randomly
Transferring into CED from L&amp;S for architecture
NUSCTX 10 Discussion
Anyone here enrolled in Chinese classes right now?
Should i phase 1 chem 3b or a breadth?
What's the likelihood of summer being P/NP as well?
I know this sounds really ranty and privileged but I have no one else to say it to and my self esteem is at an all time low.
Film or Linguistics AC class over summer?
Workload of grad CS courses?
Normal work load for a lower division history class??
Anything from SURP?
IB 131 - Ahluwalia
Fall 2020 Apartments/Housing?
In Berkeley, Corona grows on tree. 😅😁
Advice for stats 2 or 20?
Graduate Early?
Can undergraduates get involved with The People Lab?
Scared about CS70 grade
Math 1b without 1a (read below)
Math 1a without 1b
Are Public Health Courses counted in sGPA?
Incoming freshman needs help choosing which college to attend...Berkeley or Hopkins?
Do UC Berkeley undergraduate workers qualify for the $1200 coronavirus stimulus package?
Can I Get Into UGBA 133 (Investments) Without 103?
UCB grad apartments/ campus housing
Econ 141 prerequesites?
Will COMPSCI 189 in the Fall be webcasted?
Econ 1/2 or Ugba 10?
applied math and cs major advice needed
Face Shield Fundraising [Donations]
Econ 100A / B: late enrollment time
This was meme made by a pure math gang
Face Shield Fundraising [Donations]
Update: I sense a rivalry has begun... or a cold war
selling these cute stickers, only $2.50 each! waterproof vinyl, dm if interested! free shipping!
Does anyone know who's teaching math 10A over the summer?
Petition to adjust UC tuition for Spring
Philosophy Classes
Math 54 in the summer?
FYI: all your library books are due now due on 6/1
Financial aid verification?
Nutrsci 10 Summer
Data C8 Expanding
22 Jump Street's Eric is all of us rn.
Anyone else has their Zoom setup in a distracting or not ideal environment?
Math 1A Hw Assignments
Will dropping below 13 units this semester ruin my financial aid?
UC Berkeley Lab Student Assistant pay
All of you twats
EE16B vs CS 70
Question about selecting single rooms for housing
What would you say Berkeley's brand is? (Ex: diversity, social justice, etc...)
make me love uc berkeley
To CS162
Physics 8A Online this Summer
ZOOM PARTY! (emo edition)
Does the F bus go straight from downtown to Soda Hall without stopping?
Question for CC transfers (English majors if possible lol)
Waitlist Essay
CS160 Experiences?
Laptop Rentals?
Any updates on Summer Sessions 2020?
Help with ME Technical Electives
Any chance fees for summer classes will be reduced? Why should we still have to pay the 'campus' fee?
Support for the homeless
Does Clark Kerr have doubles?
cs 70 &amp; data 100
Incoming First Year Schedule ?
Anyone working on this idea?
PS167AC with Taeku Lee?
Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus 'Chinese virus,' mocks Ted Lieu
Dropping classes this semester
The Campanile if it was the same color as the original in Venice
137A with 89 and 110?
covid off-campus housing dilemma
Vote Denero vs. Hilfinger!
Does anyone know if summer is P/NP?
Why did I get a $3k "Berkeley Scholarship" out of nowhere?
Will math 53 taken at community college count for L&amp;S CS Upper Division Elective units?
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson Live On Instagram with Gavin Newsom — (10/04/2020)
SEEDS scholarship? CoC question?
Free Chegg Textbook Solutions Website
How are you doing now because of quarantine?
Found this in my recycle bin
What is it like taking 61c with Garcia?
housing advice needed (anyone need summer sublease)?
Unpopular opnion? The finger is kinda cute... but it does have its problems...
Financial Advice for an undergraduate?
Waitlisted OOS engineering student looking for help
Transferring: College of Environmental Design
Graduating this semester and have no professors to ask Letters of Rec from
Does Stat C120 enforce prerequisite?
Howdy everyone. Have some extra Bears stuff in my collection y’all might like to see. PM if there’s something you like. Stay safe &amp; be well y’all
Why is this subreddit design so plain?
I do be having existential crises tho
Major/career path?
Psychology and Economics
Anyone familiar with/lived at Spectra Southside?
170 vs 189?
Summer waitlist for CS 70?
Is 189 with Sahai similar to his version of 16B?
170 with Vazirani, Tal?
Quarantine vibe
AI/ML research as undergrad
Berkeley Affiliation reinstated?
financial aid appeal for in-state students w/ changing financial situation?
Biology 1B?
Question about breadth requirements and Haas requirements
ZOOM PARTY
Anyone in 3al right now?
Switching Majors within CoE
Econ 141 w/o stats
Berkeley Undergraduate ME Major—a freshman's questions about the school
Followup: Writing an Appeal Letter
Covid 19 Breakthrough in San Francisco (3/30)
Question about courses for ASSIST to transfer
Are 3 B's, 4 A's bad for first semester senior year? I was waitlisted.
Applying Public Health (or even Nutritional Science) major as a Transfer from CC
I'm an incoming freshman trying to decide between attending Cal and Georgia Tech. What's the social life like at Cal?
Studying Abroad in Japan
Underemployment is the economic phenomenon in which people hold jobs for which they are overqualified. Veterans are much more likely to be underemployed than their civilian counterparts—read this article to find out more!
Newly Admitted &amp; Committed Student w/ question about Testing Out of Courses
Has anyone heard back about 61BL TA interviews?
Econ 1 or 2?
Is CS170 overhyped?
suggestion on courses to take
Berkeley TBG advice for freshman who want to get in?
Econ 1 ???
Econ 1
Tips on having a dog as a Berkeley Law student
Clark Kerr
L&amp;S CS 3 Year Plan
So like, are they really going to make us pay a campus fee for a campus we’re not using?
BSD Clubs/Courses?
COVID-19, you're taking everything I worked for motherfucker
It's been less than 24 hours since I released the creative server and Cal's already doing its thing
(Activating/Relaxing) In the Air - From Bmore to Oakland by Marc Hugs
Me this semester
Propsective transfer here, which classes should I focus on self-studying this summer?
Do you think fall semester will be online?
Can Professors/ GSIs see if I P/NP or take a letter grade?
ARTICLES WHERE FIND ME
Should I double major in Psychology and Computer Science?
Anyone know if UC Berkeley is still processing hires?
hello intended cs majors here u go
this is my kitchen sink:
CDC updates its guidelines reccommending facial mask. LA REQUIRES residents to wear masks.
fixie shit
Quaranteen University - Minecraft Server 🤩😎
CS 61b / 61c / 70 difficulty
CS61BL how was it? Is CS61B better???
CC courses for Haas?
cs 186 project 4 part 2
Taking Econ 100a or UGBA 101 out of interest?
Major hoodies??
Internship + Online Course
Staying/going back to the bay after graduation?
CS70 With Math110
EE16B
EE16B
UIUC CS+X vs Berkeley L&amp;S Transfer
Cal L &amp; S vs Univ of Chicago for Computer Science
IM LOSING MY FUCKING MIND
ZOOM PARTY
Calpers Forfeited a $1 Billion Payday by Scrapping Market Hedge
Minecraft at Berkeley finally has a creative server!
Summer session time conflict
study: academic/social networks during social distancing
Roommates placed in different housing
Online test security in CS70
CS162 Exam Cancelled
Any triple majors?
Anyone else here in the 162 ZOOM party?
Sophomore in Unit 3 Triple
New admit financial aid
Places to print things?
CS61BL, STAT 20, and ECON 100A over the summer?
Waitlist Summer session
Opinions on taking Chem 1A Remote over Summer?
HEALTHY VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR ME/CFS STANFORD RESEARCH STUDY!
PMB 122 past exams
Incoming Freshman Wanting to Take Summer CC
CEASE AND DESIST
Accused for cheating for 61a
PE classes
Question
Berkeley For Pre-Meds
Taking Math 1B with limited calculus knowledge?
Is this schedule suicide
looking for a 162 group
Housing Refund
Reciprocity
Advice for physics major struggling with the geometry
UC Berkeley Extension Intro to Human Physiology (pre-req)
Chem 3a with marsden or robak?
Question about ART W23AC 101
Switching to L and S from CoC?
From a trailer on Netflix, we have a problem. It's Marc Fisher
ENVECON/ENRES 176
Has anyone taken EECS126 with Shyam Parekh?
Can we take a moment to thank those following the 6-feet rule?
Is there a berkeley subreddit for things that aren't just course advice? I feel like course-related content dominates, and I'm not really into it.
If Fall 2020 continues to be online education, tuition should be lowered.
Don’t get caught lackin’
anyone taking intro to nutrition NUSCTX 10??
Anyone in Econ 136 want to share their midterm 2 scores?
I have zero CS knowledge but want to major in it. What should I do now to make that 3.3, or is it too difficult to do CS at Cal with zero coding experience?
Read this exclusive interview with Professor Emmanuel Saez to learn about his research on wealth taxes and inequality:
a social life at ucb
Summer Session Fees
Berkeley neighborhood paths are very green this time of year
Overseen in 61B lecture: Dumbass zoom bombers (cw: racial slurs)
Water pipe and grinder
Taking Calculus
Do sophomores takes UGBA 135 (personal finance)?
Sonic Internet Down?
attendance required on math 1b online over the summer?
Summer Session Cost for Out-of-State Student from Another College
Midterm overlap
stressful times
Professor is No.1 Trusted News Source
Professor is No.1 trusted news source
Fine arts at UC Berkeley?
I joined a Berkeley advice server in Discord and got this response. Funny or shocking, idk. Maybe it’s normalized now.
PolSci 179 Zoom chat...
CS61B Lecture Today
How to enroll in CS grad courses?
Yo looking for a roommate so I’m trying here! $680-720/mo
Design at UC Berkeley?
Necessary courses to complete by sophomore year for data science
Which is better to take over summer: cs188 + math 54 or data 100 + math 54?
AP exam in senior year?
Off campus housing w/ EFC of 0
Schedule planner down?
4th year engineering slave looking for a cool/interesting class. Suggestions?
Public policy 101
Concerned about failing CS70
Is there anyway to petition for a class to count as International Studies?
Transfer of College from L&amp;S to Engineering
Stats Department Policies
Worried about taking a grade vs P/np??
ee16a or math 54
Econ 140 VS Econ 141?
Can I get into UC Berkeley?
Didn’t think i’d miss drinking while berkeleyrains it’s brains down
Online Fall 2020 Semester?
How difficult is CS61C over the summer?
Anyone in Rhetoric R1A- Questions of Encounter know what the heck happened to class?
Retaking a class
Yikes.
Generation Change Scholarship
Co-op housing
What are the most popular frats on campus?
Been feeling sad during quarantine so the homies made this song. What y’all think?
CS 70 Midterm 2
Anyone involved in Berkeley Connect?
Help us get our final defenses cancelled! -Class of 2020
Is this plagiarism?
Coding Language to learn for CS (BA) at Berkeley?
Taking UGBA upper divs as a sophomore?
How difficult is engineering (specifically civil) at Berkeley compare to other UCs like Davis and Irvine?
F in the chat for that CS 70 Midterm
Bob and Alice
CS70 MT2
EECS 16A Advice/Resources?
Status of Fall 2020?
Ind Eng 172 / IEOR 172
Best housing option at Cal?
Time-lapse of the last rainy day of the Corona-year in Berkeley
“Obey the Law. And Wear the Gauze. Protect Your Jaws from Septic Paws,”
Does Berkeley accept EdX verified certificates?
Clearer skies ahead
Moving out of apt, advice for furniture?
Should I report/explain grades on UC Berkeley Waitlist?
a PSA to all Pre-Meds Worried about P/NP Grades
Math 53
CS 188 Grades
Apartment Search near RSF
Is Data 100 offered Fall 2020?
Guaranteed major at Cornell vs UC Berkeley. (Computer Science)
Can I take Econ 136 before Econ 100A?
Question for Waitlisted Berkeley applicants
Am I being shortsighted?
Breadth Recommendations for Admitted Freshman
In awe at the size of this lad
Dropping Classes?
Balance a summer internship and a CS Class?
econ 119 over the summer?
prospective student: How's Berkeley student life?
2 ee/cs technicals over summer?
Disease detective offers mask tips, hope in the face of COVID-19. Expert explains the ins and outs of face coverings in the wake of conflicting messages about masks.
Anyone else completely lost in Math 54 right now?
what GPA to put on resume?
Anybody looked at the ASUC Candidates?
Math 110 without 54?
CS70 and German R5B over Summer
Emergency Drop Effect on Cal Grant
Microsoft Office
Summer Program
UC Berkeley expects 100 million loss by end of May
Fall classes, online or?
What are some of the easiest classes you have taken at UC Berkeley
How easy is it to cancel on-campus housing contract?
CS70 and Physics 7A Over Summer
61b and 61c together
Thesis Project-Stadium Workers
How's grade deflation for anthropology majors?
R1B + CS61BL over summer?
How do I change my grade to letter grade? On calcentral it looks like nothing changed
I want to go to Berkeley but I am terrified of earthquakes
61A Summer staff interviews
The professors is going to pick A over P for research opportunities
Question about Phys Ed 32 and Korean 1A or 1AX
P/NP appreciation thread
Virtual Eating Disorder Treatment Study -Female Participants Wanted
P/NP
Your weekly video guide to calm and connection in the COVID-19 storm: UC Berkeley psychologist Dacher Keltner shares science-based strategies
What resources could I use to prepare for Cs70 during the fall?
Does anyone know when we can actually start dropping classes
Academic Housing Rentals - Dwight House
CS 61a over summer
Undergrad haas application, effect of P/NP? 20.04.07
CS61A Scheme Project Advice?
Declaring Econ Major
Without Memorial Glade, we have to do a 4/20 celebration over Zoom, right?
61bl over summer
Zoom Party
How to prepare for cs161 project?
STAT140
Since they keep taking down the F posts on the EE16A piazza after MT2
Craving Northside Cafe's Eggs Blackstone - anyone know the recipe?
am I being paranoid? Did Berkeley send a lot of emails this week to prefrosh?
2 Berkeley men arrested after Campus Store burglary
Is ee127 that helpfull?
Thoughts on taking ee16b no lab option
Interested in data analysis? Berkeley Economic Review is hosting a Python workshop for Economists via Zoom on Thursday (4/09) 7:30 - 8:30 PM PST that will explain how to do basic data analysis using Python!
If you reject your housing offer do you ever get a second one?
Dorm Space
Cal vs UCSB
Which one to take with 16A, 61C or CS70?
Anyone here live in the Rochdale co-op?
daily cal bias?
Berkeley Housing Survey
Possible to request a specific roommate after already submitting a housing app?
U.C. Berkeley Opens COVID-19 Testing Lab
philos w12a over the summer
UC Berkeley Grad Programs - Admission
Pre-Haas/Econ Help
What happens to lab class this semester?
Best laptop for pre-CS student?
Can I take required major courses at other UCs?
Final Project Help!
zoom u
Barbers moved outside during 1918 flu epidemic, Uiversity of California, Berkeley:
Update Form
What do I do for tuition expenses and stuff?
are lab classes like chem 3X, bio, physics, etc. canceled for summer? they’re not showing up on the updated DSL list although you can still enroll in them through calcentral.
Anyone receive an email from a scanner pretending to be CISCO? How can I report this to the school?
Are you able to get academic credit for summer internships?
Temperatures in each dorms?
Anyone else feel like they're going to fail CS 61B? :(
[CAL IN NFL] 4 California Golden Bears selected for NFL’s all decade team for the 2010s
[URGENT] Looking for one extra male roommate!
Does anyone know anything about Prof James Sethian? Should I take Math 53 with Sethian or Canic?
CS70 MT2 &gt; Healthy sleeping schedule to stay sane during a pandemic
Testing out of Italian 1-4 - how do I do it?
Applied and got waitlisted...now I'm bored staying inside so I made this.
Calling all political Science Majors
Help a brother out
Confused physics student; EPS guidance
a RA(nt)
How is the Data Science Major at UC Berkeley?
Syllabus for Stat 33A
Current students/grads- what do you think about the alumni network?
Is C100 an EECS Upper Division Course?
Is C100 an EECS Upper Division Course?
Best clubs to join as an incoming freshman?
Math 54 Concurrent with Math 1B
UC Berkeley Seed Scholars
Skating Around Campus?
Is L&amp;S CS and Haas worth the pain?
How I'm boutta be on the 16A midterm tomorrow
How I'm boutta be on the EECS16A Midterm tomorrow
bio 1A success stories please lol
Chem 1A vs Chem 4A, how much harder is it really?
EE 16B vs Stat 140 workload
I feel my parents now
Math 104 for physics majors?
Pre law advice
What kind of gifts do guys like
chipotle
Taking a break junior year to do internships vs graduating in 3 years
How am I supposed to get laid like this
any interesting classes to take over the summer?
I can’t anymore and I’m sorry
Podcast About Universities
Anyone taking classes that had completely overlapping lectures?
What are the odds fall semester is online?
I Found The Source of the Coronavirus
About to pull the trigger on 61A over the summer. Anything else I should know?
Sign the Petition to demand that Governor Newsom and the UC Regents Prioritize Saving Human Lives and Providing for Human Need over Corporate Profit Margins – Free Mass Testing Now to Stop Coronavirus
ASUC TAKEDOWN UPDATE- REBUILD HAS RESPONDED &amp; STUDENT ACTION IS COMPLICIT
ZOOM CLUB PARTY
Questions about dorms for an incoming freshman
Hi! I want to install stk-simply (the UCB Scheme interpreter) for following along with the 2010 UC Berkeley's CS 61A lectures on Youtube, but most of them (the ones that I found by googling) seem to be deprecated. Please help me if you have found it somewhere. Thanks!
Doing Math54 over the summer?
corona virus housing implications...
CS Econ double major?
Acceptance Package in Mail
Why Did You Choose UCB
Any recommendations for psych or socio upper-div elective for Fall 2020?
Does anyone know when this lockdown will end?
If I have financial aid covering my dorm and plan to cancel and move into somewhere else, will I get back the amount financial aid covers too?
Where to Study Abroad?
EDUC W142
Will your off-campus finantial aid decrease if you live in co-ops?
iPad Pro + Apple Pencil vs. Macbook Pro vs. Surface vs. Notebook Paper
A sighting of a Arboreal salamander in Berkeley Today!
How does dropping a course w the extended deadline affect your grades/transcript?
61B LOA
Featured project: Berkeley engineers create safer conversion of sleep apnea machines for COVID19 patients - Donate your sleep apnea machine
Prefrosh looking to ask like, way too many questions
Letter Grade vs PNP Passing Cutoff
Econ 100B time conflict
Which class is worse Eng R1B or Math 1B?
Clueless about EECS 16A midterm 2!?
Will Summer classes charge an on campus fee?
Have people gotten their fafsa package for next year ?
How does financial aid work for living off-campus?
Letter Grades v. PNP
Anyone else worried about enrolling in labs for Phase 1? (Fall 2020)
Question for transfer students with a major in statistics
Rigor of Data Science pre-requisite courses ?
Where do you get the password to access the online OSP?
Do we have some sort of online group for grad school application related stuffs here at Cal?
MechE Choosing a class to phase 2
Housing over the summer
Drop an "Aye" in the comments if you've lived in the Berkeley Panoramic apartments
Looking to prepare for CS70 before Berkeley starts
Is ee16b not happening over the summer?
What is freshmen edge ?
I’m gonna get a heart attack in CS61B
UC Berkeley Bound 🐻⭐️
Foothill
Share your POSITIVE experiences
calling all berkeley students! pls contribute: my four years depend on it
Summer Classes Financial Aid
DATA 8 + UGBA 88 vs. STAT W21
CalGrant Extension Question
My tasks on CalCentral aren't going in the completed section
Baby California Newt at Briones Regional Park
Briones Regional Park in Northern California is so green this time of year!
THE PROGRESSIVE TRUTH 2020- ASUC REALITIES COME TO LIGHT
Join our Zoom club party!
Does anyone know if the ASUC Amazon locker is open?
How does dropping summer classes work?
Take ee16b?
Calc 2
How to find summer sublet?
CS 61A, 61B and 70
ASUC Candidates do not care about SVSH
Easy Classes for Summer 2020
Awesome resource for the class of 2024, from study tips to dorm advice and reasons why you should even SIR to Berkeley
Student Housing Transfer Request
Missing campus? Me and my housemates filmed an updated campus tour for those who got admitted but who can't visit, as well as for anyone who just wants to see what campus is like during this weird time
[OPEN TO ALL] Cal Hacks presents hack:now — a 36-hour online hackathon tackling issues caused by COVID-19
Philos 3 HELP
What Sather Gate might have looked like before patina
Difference between Unit 1,2,3
Inside Frolic, the Bay Area's premier furry dance party | The Daily Californian
question about the new drop deadline
Some Pictures of Campus!
Athletics for international students?
Admission Office Closed
Incoming terrified newbie to CS L&amp;S with a lot of questions :’)
Summer Aid
Question about Readmission?
Do you get financial aid for summer if you take classes in different sessions?
Creating Positive Study Habits Early
Summer Classes on Academic Guide
Berkeley vs UCLA??
Fall 2020
How much are EECS/CS grads making 3-5 years after graduation?
61B TA interviews
question about late drop.
Is grad school as a DSP student possible?
Does Cal give out free merch
BioE103 w/out physics prereqs?
Anyone bought a mattress from this Craigslist seller?
Math 53 &amp; 110 over the summer
Rescinded?
OMG there are a lot of housing options O_o
SLR Questions are frustrating
more sadboi corona post to add to your r/berkeley feed
CS70 during the summer
lol
How many units in Summer Session should I take
Petition to rename COVID19 to Ligma
Info on Cal's Political Science Program?
Thoughts of renaming Unit1, 2, and 3?
Do You Think Some Summer 2020 Classes Will Be Cancelled?
Evans Manor
Cybersecurity giant Cloudflare is doubling the size of its summer internships as other companies scrap their programs in the face of coronavirus
Berkeley Waitlist Advice. Read Essays??
Summer p/np
We’re a few students who are making a free college roommate/social app. What do you guys think we should change or add to make it better for a campus like UC Berkeley?
ASUC election candidates are lacking
Still $5 than I received
Textbook Returns
Cs61b Project 2
A live stream of Falcons
Bikers of Berkeley I need some advice
Academic Housing Rentals - Dwight House
Pls don’t downvote me, I legit want to know about this🙏
Resources for new admits
How is CS70 online going for current students?
Summer Sessions officially moved online
Expiring Housing Leases
Question. Help!
Sather Gate before Patina
i'm an incoming freshman; if i were to take calculus 1 over the summer at a community college, would i be able to skip math1a and go straight to math1b?
Econ 100B vs 101B?
Summer Classes: Econ 100A/Econ 100B + Stat W21
depressed senior
Summer Courses
Chances of being rescinded?
How difficult is it to change my major from Intending to Major in Business Administration at Hass to Mechanical Engineering
Cal or UCI for Pre-Law?
Where can I still take a passport photo?
Ee16a hw
Residency question -- missed deadlines?
Yo just a reminder that all Berkeley students get free NYT subscriptions. I’ve been using mine a lot since the Qtine began
Reminder that all Berkeley students have FREE New York Times subscriptions! The NYT app/website can be a good way to stay updated on COVID news and to pass time during quarantine.
Help a first gen @ L&amp;S bio out please
Chem 3B in the summer?
What makes the psychology department special?
Please fill out CS61B midsemester survey form if you're in CS61B for 1 EC point thanks
Are EECS students preferred over L&amp;S CS for research? - a super indecisive HS senior who can't decide between Cal &amp; CMU scs
UGBA 101 summer session
Berkeley vs NYU vs WashU!! All advice welcome
Are you guys planning to sign housing
Rant: Stressed out and being a disappointment
Getting my lease paid for in the event that university doesn’t start up again??
Sending keys back to unit 1 front desk
Math 54 over the summer?
Experience with getting a registration hold for not declaring a major by 75 units?
MCB 2020 Commencement Survey
How does living off campus affect my financial aid ?
Berkeley scientists work to develop large-scale robotics system to test for COVID-19
Quarantine blues got you down? Netflix not doing it for you anymore? Apply your skills in finance, business, policy, engineering, or tech to important sustainability problems, from your couch. Stanford's Clean Energy Hackathon is happening April 18th-24th. All students welcome. Cash prizes involved!
Retaking Class at Community College?
&lt;Class advice&gt; Econ 136 vs econ 138 vs econ 139
Can Professors View Our Browser Activity
Waitlisted at UC Berkeley – Transcript needed?
What are some of your best and worst experiences at Cal thus far?
Waitlisted at Berkeley - Final grades?
College of Natural Resources: any Ecosystem Management and Forestry majors?
What’s your grading option for this semester?
UCB vs UCSB: English Major
In which dorms is the internet fast enough to play league reliably?
Summer Classes at Cal vs Community College
Pass no pass classes for spring 2020
Summer Courses Selection
How difficult is it to change majors in your 4th year? Lmao
Do you guys think Fall 2020 will still have online classes?
What do people usually make their CalNet IDs?
Can't log into Berkeley.edu alias?
Taking COMPSCI 189 without EE 126, 127
Math 55 advice
Math 53
Hi!! I’m an upcoming sophomore and looking for a 2 bedroom apt for the 2020-21 academic year If anyone has any info let me know! :)
Safeguard student privacy when using Zoom
Experiences taking Physics 7B equivalent at a CC?
Why shouldn't this policy apply all the time? Should success be zero sum? Why not use competency /skill based grades where all can succeeded, rather than comparative/competitive? (from the university's coronavirus grading guidelines)
Can I take Chem 1A as someone part of CoC?
Chem 3a + 3al and Summer Financial Aid
Raj Properties
headaches from online classes?
is anyone currently taking Ibser's stat 20?
During spring break, my housemates and I took a stroll and filmed a campus tour of Berkeley. Was surprised to still see quite a few people on campus during Corona, but look how beautiful campus is in the springtime!
During spring break, my housemates and I filmed a campus tour of Berkeley. Was surprised to still see quite a few people walking around the place, but look how beautiful campus in the springtime!
To those renting private apartments - are you still signing your lease for next year?
Letter of recommendation for waitlist
Embroidered Merch
Philos 12a?
Legal Studies Major
No COVID-19-related layoffs through 6/30/20
Feeling hopeless
New Sequoia Apartments
New Sequoia
Will a summer session class from high school senior year incorporate into my overall gpa?
Submitting a photo for Cal 1 Card
Foothill quads
Summer Econ 1
Yeah, it's gonna be really hard to convince me to give a single shit about ASUC
How to know if summer classes at a community college count for Berkeley credit?
PRIOR CS EXPERIENCE
Study Abroad Pros and Cons
All new admits PLEASE get your information on Cal from different sources and people
What is cs faculty advising?
CHEM 3AL Worksheets K&amp;L
Should I keep my major path (econ/pre-haas) or switch to CS?
Is this much debt worth it?
Calcentral still showing "GRD" for all courses?
So...what are your plans for the summer?
Any other upperclassmen never had an internship?
Continuing Student On-Campus Housing
Online Summer
Financial Aid Offers for Continuing Students
Housing question
I've just watched this lecture on explosives by Col B D Shaw . The quality is pretty bad, but the content is great! Filmed in Pimentel Hall. X-post from r/chemistry
Psych 110
If summer is online is it going to be pnp?
Econ 100a or 100b over the summer?
Berkeley Myth-Busting and Advice for New Admits
ASUC* ELECTIONS APRIL 6th to 8th!!!
Summer sessions
I didn't even know we got 10 minutes added :(
Summer 2020 moved to remote instruction
Is it just me or is EE16A a huge pain in the ass right now
Easy Upper Division classes
CS 262 Entry Exam?
EECS or Community College? (OOS)
Looking for work in Berkeley ASAP!!
How hard is it to change majors? Can I change majors before entering freshman year?
Speed Dating through Video Chat!
Workload of R1B online during the summer at a CC?
Hopefully this means Class of 2020 gets their in person commencement!
Prereqs for Physics 105?
CS162+CS188+EE16B
City of Berkeley Stay at Home Order extended to 3 May
Econ 140 in the summer?
Easy 4-unit classes with minimal work for fall 2020?
For everyone worried about being rescinded: My experience
EE16A or Math 54?
Zoom Attendance
Animated Map Of Confirmed Coronavirus Cases &amp; Deaths In California
Data Science Major vs. CS+stats Major
Berkeley
Relief
A few weeks ago, when we hit around 4000 cases nationwide, I posted how a prediction model I made was eerily accurate
UCB WAITLIST
16A outside resources
Fall 2020 Data 100 Professor
Fall 2021 Data 100 Anthony D. Joseph
Is it possible to get a 4.0 in 1st semester in social sciences?
Possibility of being rescinded?
Why do most classes use Zoom when it is sketchy AF?
[Giving] Have new one water-based paint pens set left, work on wood and paper. If someone wanna to take it off, PM me.
Light in Quarantine
Anxiety about job search
Positive Quarantining
Question regarding majoring in data science and following pre-med track!!
Would you consider a leave of absence if Fall 2020 is held online?
Math 54 Summer or Fall
Not sure what to take as a high school student in Pre-Collegiate
How do I change my ID picture please for the love of God??
First glance at “MT2 dropped” thought CS61B instructors saw our collective exams and gave up on us
How bad are Chem &amp; Bio 1A and 1B?
How much of a difference is there between Cal EECS CS and L&amp;S CS?
Anyone in Berkeley Right Now?
cs scholars
Housing rent around campus.
Guy freaks out at Walmart employees because they didn't have Oreos due to coronavirus shortages.
I’m might become an incoming freshman soon and man am I scared about the work
Rent During Quarantine?
What's the best housing?
When will your finantial aid offer for 2020-21 show up?
Today’s CS 189 lecture out of context: Big D Time
F’s in the chat for that 61b Midterm
Foothill quads?
having trouble choosing between cal and ucla!
hey why arent yall doing any april fools stuff
Internships and Study Abroad opportunities
incoming freshman here
Is the city enforcing street parking requirements still?
If I change a class to letter grade, will it count towards my GPA?
Cal Financial Aid Appeal Letter
ME132 without ME104?
Cal vs UCSD Engineering
Dang the 61B 2nd midterm on gradescope is already looking hard asf
Anyone good at multivariable calculus/ math 53?
UC tells students ‘do not’ say ‘Chinese Virus' and 'do not allow' others to say it either
How's this course schedule?
CS169 vs CS169W
Quarantine &amp; Chill
Do you guys think we'll be back in school by Fall 2020?
I don’t wanna go to Zoom class!
Universities Of California To Hold Fall 2020 Classes Online
Please help UCLA get the same grading policies implemented as Berkeley!
Will the UC art requirement not be there for this year’s college applications?
Is Berkeley L&amp;S CS worth it as an OOS student?
Since UC is waiving grade/sat requirements, how will admissions be determined?
IND ENG 172
What is the chance UCB announces spring 2020 as mandatory pass/no pass?
Summer RA??
Is it possible to get the enrollment deposit waived?
Dare to Fight COVID!
What restaurants around Berkeley are still open for take-out?
It's that time of year!
Waitlist Essay Reader
How difficult is the Political Science major?
Data Science Minor - When Should I Take Data 8
UC family
For April fools can we please make this a Stanford subreddit
Bioengineering MEng
MATH1A/B or NOT?
Is it just me or is the circuits portion of EE16A badly taught
Question about freshman pathways? Also should I do freshman edge?
Is there anyone who got admitted to Berkeley from the waitlist?
IB kid scared of getting rescinded 😰
Could anyone take a look at my appeal letter?
Does Haas look at just freshman GPA for undergrad Sophs applying during the fall, or do they take into account GPA through 1st semester Soph year?
Cost of Living Adjustment Request Forms
Positive Quaratining
Positive Quarantining
A little ... positive news for once ...
Breadth Requirements
anti-cheating measures for midterms (cs61b)
Do Intended CS Majors Have to Worry About A Cap Change Due to Recent Circumstances?
8-hr TA positions to be reinstated temporarily for 2020-21 school year with 29% of full GSI Fee Remission
Update regarding 8-hr TAs for the EECS, Statistics, and Data Science Education Program for the 2020-2021 school year
Zoom Bombing
Double major CS/Stats plan
Math 54: Nadler or Gu
Has anyone taken Italian 2?
My housing offer is for Blackwell and I didn’t pick it
Political Science
GPA Screw Up
Any Applied Math students?
Data Science Research
How is the legal studies major?
Berkeley Waitlist Essay
Choosing MCB Emphasis
GETH?
Media Studies major, transfer requirements?
For all those staying in Berkeley, hold off on grocery shopping till Saturday
How difficult is the Legal Studies major?
"ban bat" - University of Conspiracy, Berkeley (2019)
Everything is so unpredictable at this point - is the pandemic influencing your post-graduation career plans?
Fuck corona
See animated map showing spread of coronavirus cases and deaths in California
Cal Bear or a Bruin? :-)
Is Cal still worth it over UCLA with Regents?
GPA concerns
Turns out, campus really did reach zero waste in 2020...
Zoom Bombing
Incoming freshman, switching from l&amp;s to cnr??
Intended CS (but only three semesters left)
If you’re worried about how the pandemic could impact your job prospects, I created an anonymous survey for college students
Incoming Student
sophomore switching from pre-med --&gt; public health with a minor in data science
Lin Math 54 Midterm 2?
I think Berkeley financially achieved zero waste by 2020
CS 70 people how you feeling about Midterm 2 coming up...
Q&amp;A With Cal safety Jaylinn Hawkins: Why He's The Most Versatile DB In The Draft
Please Mass Share For All A's
[Survey] 3 questions on the use of social media, no email required, thank you!
Looking for someone to fill in a Northside apartment
Free software provided to Berkeley students
Questions about the EOP Program
Attendance isn’t mandatory but professors are now encouraged to take attendance and use it as a metric for academic performance?
Bear performs a small act of community service.
CS61C + CS70 + Physics 5C vs CS61C + EE16B + Physics 5C ?
Taking CC class over the summer
L&amp;S Waitlist
Comment whether you’re planning to stick with p/np or change to letter grades &amp; add reasoning if you want!
Switching from MechE to EE
CS Declaration Policies (From EECS 101 Piazza)
My apartment mates went on a stroll outside to get out of our heads and make this updated campus tour video, since most might not be able to visit until the late summer.
Environmental Science Major at UCB vs UCSC
Transfer
UC Berkeley CRISPR Pioneer’s Lab Begins Processing up to 3000 Covid-19 Tests Per 24 Hours
Mental Health During Coronavirus
Cs61B LOA bug help
Could I take CS 61A if I didn't take AP Computer Science A
What does everyone here think about Shōjo Kakumei Utena?
P/NP Grading?
Math 215A without prerequisite?
Class enrollment?
Housing
Conflicts with taking a CC class the summer before Freshman year?
Econ vs Haas
Stat 134/140
The strange, secret tunnels under UC Berkeley
Summer Research Assistant Positions?
EECS 126/127
CS declaration changes?
Emotional Support Animal
CS 188 Exam
Media Studies Major
Retaking a class
Taking CS70 to learn proofs?
Free Parking Berkeley
Describe your COVID-19 experience in a haiku
Best first CS upper div that doesn't require 61c?
EECS advice
Am I going to be roasted of if I pursue my fashion blog here?
Help on Confirming Alumni Email Status
Hi so who else feels extremely overloaded/burnt out?
PoSitIve QUarAnTIne ConFEsSionS
How am I supposed to get laid like this
Fire at foothill
UCB Data Science vs UCSB CE ?
Anyone live at Lothlorien?
Constantly thinking about writing dirty comments on Zoom lectures
How hard is CS61B
MATH16A or 10A
Question about Conditions of Admission
CARES Act: Work Study Payment
CARES Act: Student Loan Cancellation if withdrawing in Spring 2020 due to COVID
Which boba places are still open in Berkeley?
Anyone know whats up with the military aircraft flying over?
Anybody see what just flew over?
Who else heard the jets?
When do housing offers come out for 2nd years?
best dorms?
Chem Bio + Business
What happens if I take CS70 after Math 55?
Art 15 Ceramics??
Grading Policy Question
econ uGSI?
is this courseload reasonable?
Places to look for a summer sublease?
Data 100 compared to Data 8
I MISS TP TEA
Is CS 61, EE 16a, Data 8, R&amp;C class too hard for a first-semester freshman
admitted fall 2020 student questions about college of natural resources??
Covid_19_Protecting_Your_Family_Dr_Dave_Price_3_22_2020 - PLEASE watch this. Long, but may save lives
Help me improve the college industry by answering my survey
Why Berkeley over UCLA for pre-med?
CS 61b + Data 100
Summer Internship
How to Switch from L&amp;S to College of Natural Resources?
What should I major in?
:sob:
:sob:
What is the best housing in your opinion?
Transcripts Confusion
security monitor student employee paid leave
Econ C171(Prof Gonzalez-Navarro) vs Econ C181 (Prof Fally)
INDENG 115
Fucked up bad with my R&amp;C Requirement
Lost a campus job due to COVID-19? Write to The Daily Cal...
AP Calc Credits for LNS?
AP Calc Credits for LNS ?
Our Admin may not be doing a perfect job, but at least we're not Stanford.
UC Berkeley or community college?
Double major vs honors degree
162+168 workload?
Berkeley Students
Is bCourses down?
Does anyone know how the P/NP policy affects declaring CS?
Stanford spring classes to be graded on mandatory P/NP scale
Is it possible to extend my graduation term as a senior?
Anyone want to be friends?
Housing question!!
If I major in Econ, do I need to write a senior thesis?
For my fellow struggling bears
Future in environmental econ at CNR
Masks + Toilet Paper
How is CS162 compared to CS161 Project 2?
Zoom Proctoring
Theme housing
What‘s majoring in Econ like?
Switching to L&amp;S
Chem 3a over summer?
Financial aid help
Grade Deflation? Asking for Pre Med
Data 8 vs Stat 20?
wheres the 61b discord server
Is getting ahead in data 8 possible? As in like study in the summer to get ahead
Fung Fellowship Question!
Will summer be P/NP
Tutor needed for cs182 (neural networks) course
Tutor wanted for cs182 (neural networks)
61C + 70, 16B + 70?
Data 8 vs Stat 2?
What are my chances of getting on-campus housing if I apply now?
What are my chances of getting off-campus housing if I apply now?
Majors that are similar to Haas
Appealing Financial Aid!
Easiest Major at Cal???
Accommodations and Some Questions
How hard is it to change majors? (Rhetoric to Legal Studies)
Commuting as a Freshman
I've heard of people getting married for instate tuition- looking for more info
What's sociology like?
Music upper divs for non-majors
Residential Halls and Apartments
Berkeley Engineering Waitlist
AMA
Send your professor a distressed email, it will work!
Berkeley Class of 2024 Discord
Question about Freshman Edge
Thoughts on LSCS Lower Div Progression? I need 3.3 gpa in 61a/61b/70
Who Knows About CoE Waitlist?
I was told taking 61c, Math 54 and 16b at the same time is doable. Am I being trolled?
Economics vs Cognitive Science at UC Berkeley
Taking STAT135, STAT155, and COMPSCI162 for Freshman Edge
Waitlist Question
Damn, I really don’t think they liked the memes being made about them LOL
Female International EECS Major, AMA!
ECON131 in the summer
4 techs in a semester?
Cal Football fans
Summer Transition Housing
Can a freshman take upper-division courses?
Calnet ID
For undergrads that lived in the Bay in HS, do you commute from home now?
Stats Lab?
STAT140 or STAT134
Anyone taken EECS 149?
Physics 7A with little to no physics background.
How easy is it to find a place to live short notice?
Should I double major in cs/physics or cs/astrophysics?
i'm (19f) feeling so burnt out, and i don't know what to do anymore
Final grades
CS170 without CS70?
Music 158A?
Spring break was not long enough
61B and 1B this Fall (1B with Paulin)
A question about the Berkeley Waitlist.
Taking ugba classes as a non-Haas student
Summer 2020/Fall 2020 Courses
Is ME40, MEC85, and ME132 with an R1B in one semester too much?
Are stat 131a, stat 133, and math 55 usually webcasted?
petition a class to be a breadth
Should I commit? (Psych/CogSci major)
Why Berkeley?
Life in Unit 3 (in minecraft)
Chemical Engineering Students...where are you at now? I don't want to be jobless
eecs16b, cs162, &amp; cs188 in the same semester?
How difficult is it to get an RA position?
cs61b proj2
Instructors being unreasonable during this crisis?
What CS courses are taught in a Lisp (as opposed to Python)?
Need advice on Bio 1B. Spooked by the Piazza debacle
Berkeley on Wheel of Fortune
Question about CalNet ID from incoming freshman
Scholarship
Data 100 Difficulty
For CoE can i drop a course this semester and will it count as my “late drop”?
Data Science major at UCB
Should I move out now or later?
CS70 Pre-reqs?
Will I get rescinded for a mistake on my academic years on my application?
Climate science minor?
UC Berkeley HAAS
Philos 3 essay 2
Is there anyone here in the Bioengineering Master of Engineering Program?
UNIT 3 DORM TOUR
I (international admit to L&amp;S) was supposed to give APs as I wrote on my UC application but I forgot to register for them (follow up post)
Fall 2020 Data 100?
Suggestion: Wholesome community pinned threads (weekly?)
How and when can I become part of a sorority?
If I major in Econ, can I still do research in Psychology?
Sending transcript via email attachment
Should I take Econ 140 and Econ 100A or B same semester?
First Physics Upper Div
Anyone majoring in humanities and liking it?
Is it possible to graduate in 2 years at Cal?
Housing at UCB for freshmen (International)
Cal EECS vs UCLA CS
Residency for Tuition Purposes
Who's teaching CS 70 in the fall?
Will I get rescinded
Is Math 54 with either David Nadler or Ming Gu webcasted?
oh sproul plaza... is it so bad that I miss this insanity?
Berkeley appeal
Confused about L&amp;S drop policy for this semester
A question on the BA/MS joint program.
Some Freshman Questions
EECS 149
Computer Science at the College of Letters and Sciences
Wanna play league?
LETTER GRADE OR P/NP
A CS question everyone wants an answer for
How hard are the 7 Course Breadth Requirement classes at Berkeley?
Professors setting up their first zoom lectures
Resources for Newly Admitted Black Students!
Resources for Newly Admitted Black Students!
High school classes for freshman acceptance (engineering)
Worth appealing for CS in L&amp;S
A question from a recent admit
If you know you know.. sweethearts still delivering spicy popcorn chicken. I brought my own sauce to the party.
Where my Sikh brothers at?
Berkeley w/regents vs. other schools
Moving out but I am out of state right now
HELP!! foreign language
Graduating Early
Any advice on Co-ops?
advice for an anxious new premed
Decision Time
this summer's CS70 GSIs?
61B + 70 together?
Resources for Newly Black Admitted Students to Cal!!!!
Newly admitted music major
Bruh what am I getting in to
For Black Students Accepted to UC Berkeley!!!!
Hog Project: question 5b problem
ID Photo
Hog question about 5b test case
is PBHLTH 142 webcasted?
Late Enrollment Time?
With Coronavirus Disrupting College, Should Every Student Pass? [NY Times article mentions Berkeley's P/NP]
Professors setting up their first zoom lectures
Lots of fire truck sirens going off on Southside?
UCB EECS vs. UCLA Engineering - how to weigh student life vs. academics and post-graduation?
Anyone play League?
Leak For All Pre-Frosh. Make your Cal Net ID early.
Sophomore who just got into Haas, AMA
Berkeley CS vs CMU Stats/ML
Recommend housing for incoming freshman
Help with starting a slightly different nonprofit
3B1B: Effects of Social Distancing Done Right
How beneficial is being Regents Scholar, for pre-med?
College decision
SUMMER CLASSES WORKLOAD
Have not done any work since I came home
Will Berkeley rescind me if I fail AP Physics 1 and 2?
I (international admit to L&amp;S) was supposed to give APs as I wrote on my UC application but I forgot to register for them
UIUC or Berkeley
Question about L&amp;S CS and Data Science
Can't make a CalNetID
Just realized I might have to late drop Physics 7A (might fail). In such case, will I be super behind in terms of lower div reqs? Has anyone done anything similar. Kinda freaking out.
Is chem1a/l required for mechanical engineering?
Incoming Freshman Physics Major Here! Interested in Double Majoring but I have a few questions.
Kinda missed Cal so I made an Oski shirt design on Animal Crossing to show a little bit of school spirit
Some quick questions abt UCB
Please suggest me a laptop for college
Berkeley L&amp;S vs CMU SCS
I’m in Greek Life, AMA
Welcome new admits! Here is some advice to know before coming to Cal.
Freshman Waitlist
Out of State-ers becoming Residents?
Look at this big rabbit I saw on campus
Looking for students interested in helping future applicants
UC Berkeley undergrad and the price tag- is it justified?
hi!! i would really like your input. thanks in advance!
Why I'm Choosing Cal '24 Over UCLA
Guys help!!
Which APs count towards College credits in CS (College of letters and sciences)
How to meet people in my major?
EECS Waitlist
ball sack
How many required courses do I need to take at Berkeley?
planning for summer
Appealing to Berkeley, advice/tips?
FPF for Econ/Psychology Majors
L&amp;S CS vs Umich CS
Best dorms for prefrosh (my opinion)
Waitlist Question
summer sessions
What’s the vibe around Cal?
Question on double majoring cs and econ
Berkeley vs USC?
UCB vs UCLA for Civil Engineering
Berkeley Sunset Time Lapse
Incoming Freshman!
Environmental Econ at the College of Natural Resources
If we don't have a corona virus vaccine by fall, does this mean class is forever online?
*Honest* opinions on being premed at Berkeley
How difficult are Cal classes and how did you adjust them.
Debating between UCLA, UCSB, and UCB as a History major.
Reminder to use the Megathread for simple questions, especially for the new admits who have questions about majors, housing, etc. If you have a unique/complicated question, feel free to make a new thread!
L&amp;S Major. Please help
To all Berkeley students who got in off the waitlist
Freshman admission appeal letter help?
Congratulations and welcome to Berkeley, new admits! Have a simple question about classes, housing, etc that needs answering? Ask here!
This is Most Likely A Stupid Question: Low-Income Out of State Student Hoping to Attend
Help me choose: Cal L&amp;S w/ a CS/Data Science intent or UCLA CS and Engineering direct to major
Paying it forward. AMA!
Would anyone be kind enough to tell me about UC Berkeley premed?
Is it true that upper-division CS courses are often not available to CS students because they are full? Asking from the perspective of an admitted Letters and Science (intended CS) student.
Summer session schedule
Help me choose between UC Berkeley and USC?
Berkeley L&amp;S CS vs Cornell CAS
Question about college of chemistry
UC Berkeley Freshman Housing L&amp;S
College of Chemistry experience
Hey how's the food here
Do you guys think we’ll be back in August?
Admitted Applicant Question: UIUC vs Berkeley?
Planning to commit! But just a few questions...
Describe Berkeley in one word or fewer
UCB Berkeley undergrads?
Your UC Application, Immediate Response Requested Email Question
waitlist gang
housing dilemma
Please tell me something fun, motivating, exciting, or just any experience you've had at Berkeley!
Any MechE student willing to answer a few of my questions?
Congrats to all the admits! Me and some other seniors stuck in quarantine are here to answer questions or offer advice that you all might have about college, social skills and Berkeley itself. Ask us anything!
Looking for a single spot for out of campus housing for next semester! 1 bdrm, willing to pay up to 1100.
Housing
Suing Landlords??
Berkeley Waitlist (Engineering)
CS L&amp;S Question
Check out Bowles Hall for Four Year Housing!
Should I take CS70 next semester or CS61C next semester?
UC Berkeley L&amp;S CS - uwash cs?
On-campus housing with the most natural light?
Political Science at Berkeley?
Forgot to send ALL SAT scores:
Discord for 2024?
UC Berkeley Fiancial Aid Discrepancy (Total Aid &amp; Grants Does Not Match College Finacial Plan)
UC Berkeley Fiancial Aid Discrepancy (Total Aid &amp; Grants Does Not Match College Finacial Plan)
UC Berkeley Fiancial Aid Discrepancy (Total Aid &amp; Grants Does Not Match College Finacial Plan)
Virtual Overnight Stay Program
Class of 2024 Advisor
I got into UC Berke.. but please read I need advice
Housing
Chemical Engineering at Berkeley
why are so many of the posts here about CS?
Forestry major?
Question about a grant I got for Berkeley: on my financial page here it says I got $5500 per year and it says that no repayment is needed but on the other page it says it’s a “cond federal unsubsidized loan” worth $5500 so is it free money or not? Kinda confused
Career future in CED with Sustainable Environmental Design
College of chemistry vs Letters and Science
How to drop a major?
MEng Results
For those of you who got accepted to both LA and Cal, why did you choose Cal?
Change CS61B Final to be a "create a minecraft mod"
Congratulations, baby bears!!!!
Furniture on the street?
Declaring Majors in College of Letters and Science
Describe Berkeley in 5 or less words.
Residential Housing Cancellation Refund?
What was the acceptance rate for UCB this year?
Is the L&amp;S CS GPA requirement increasing?
To the new admits of the class of 2024!
Questions from a new admit
WELCOME BABY BEARS
CS in L&amp;S
Berkeley shuts down cannabis businesses, mandates deliveries only
International Student Question!
Berkeley alumnus here, now in med school......should I report my classmate?
How fun is cal?
Late add 61B?
Have any CNR questions?
How to change expected graduation term?
Looking for a biochem grad student for a project!
What's the EECS acceptance rate off the waitlist?
Admitted to College of natural resources and want to transfer into L&amp;S
Committed!💙💛🐻
caring for loved ones.
We’re basically just counting to 7 billion...
Data Science Major?
Spring 2020 be like
How does L&amp;S at Berkeley work?
Economics Upper Division Electives
UCB (l&amp;s) vs. Cal Poly Slo CS
Advice for incoming freshman considering prelaw?
UCB Waitlist Questions IMPORTANT
How to declare major?
Is there Berkeley class of 2024 instagram group?
All of Berkeley lectures for download
Study Abroad UCEAP Reviews
We Could Use More Engineers On The Frontlines
Is a change of college from Natural Resources to Letters and Science easy for a freshman undergrad?
What are your opinions on being waitlisted?
I got into Berkeley CS. Now help me!!
Which one should I choose.....Global Edge Program or the Fall Program for Freshmen?
A lot of housing questions!
Question about switching major/college
Anybody know of streamers active right now in the Bay area? or local Artists, Gamers, influencers that stream?
Switching majors in L&amp;S
Zoom Proctoring has been disallowed by the Chief Campus Counsel
Potential Student? UCB vs UCSD
Cal vs. UCSD
Worth the Cost?
Recent freshmen admit into Econ. Couple of Questions
UC Berkley Waitlist - Fall Program for Freshmen &amp; Global Edge London
how do y'all believe cs appeal works with PNP?
Got into Berkeley (and Regents!!!) But, I'm still confused af because I'm pre-med
New Admit here: why are people so unwelcoming?
Question about colleges waitlist
Will I Get Rescinded For Changing My Schedule?
I may have gone a little overboard on the “Cal in Animal Crossing” trend...
UC Berkeley waitlist
Waitlist Pathways Question
uc berkeley 2024 haas?!?
How can I pursue my interest in Econ/Biz/Tech at Cal?
Does getting into Haas as a freshman mean anything?
Transfer applicant major declaration
Question About Berkeley (From Recent Admit)
There is Hope
What other ucs y'all get into during the college app process?
I GOT ACCEPTED AAH
Concerned about getting rescinded
Rejecting stanford for berkeley?
What happened to potentially cutting the size of the CS program after the TA union victory?
Berkeley over UCLA ?
The Pandemic Caused by Privilege and Capitalism. Part 3 — GENERAL STRIKE
admitted engineer
I got in!! But I'm so scared
Hey everyone, I just got admitted to Berkeley as a freshmen. I’m currently trying to figure out the different housing options. Can I get your guys’ feedback? Which should I choose?
Will I get rescinded at Berkeley?
How hard is it to get your classes, especially for L&amp;S CS?
Sell me on Berkeley over Mich
Data Science Transfer Acceptance Rate
a fuckin depressing reality
I got locked out of my applicant portal after answering my password wrong too many times. How long do I have to wait?
Is co-op housing considered off-campus for financial aid purposes?
Help With the Waitlist Essay
Advice needed: Regents and Chancellors scholars
Engineering Physics Major at UCB
Biology+Business Program Chances
Update On Admissions!
Accepted into Regents, What are the Benefits!
To those who were waitlisted or rejected...
I was accepted off the waitlist last spring: AMA!
Doing COVID-19 research, how and where can I get corona virus?
For fall, spring, and winter grades do I just put my first semester senior grades?(7th semester)
Congratulations to the new class of 2024!! 🐻❤️
Berkeley Waitlist Essay
I just got this email from my professor saying spring break is being extended, has anyone heard anything about this 👀
just made it
Switching College Help
Coronavirus skeptics, deniers: Why some of us stick to deadly beliefs
BERKLEY question about waitlist?
Waitlisted! Any tips?
Thank you r/berkeley!
Congrats to all the new admits! 🐻
When do I declare a major for Engineering Undeclared?
didn't get selected for regents :(
Berkeley Waitlist
Didn't get Regents. Am I missing out on a lot?
switching majors
Will school be remote fall 2020?
Can we be under 13 units?
Should I go back? + Venting
Seriously, how bad is the housing problem at Cal?
Can someone bypass the paywall on this? Econ 101: Chicago? M.I.T.? Nope, Berkeley's on Top
Fa20 classes
Question about Calcentral (from a senior in high school)
Favorite Berkeley M(O)OCs
Staying inside despite the warm weather
Berkeley once again misspelled, Sproul Plaza, 2020
Updated Garden Village experiences?
cs169
I left alcohol in my dorm room
We are going to finish strong
Trying to get my Logism circuit to work for 61C like
What are y'all doing for senior pictures?
Request to change the /r/berkeley side logo to be more realistic.
What are some of the best Berkeley references in popular culture?
Gotta rep in New Horizons
New month new virus?
New month new virus
UC Berkeley gets screen time on American Idol
BREAKING: HornyAsianBro tests positive for corona
HAAS Undergraduate Interview- Transfer
How does off-campus housing work?
Free resources offered through Berkeley?
Apply for housing
upperclassmen in units?
are we gonna have online classes for summer section?
Berkeley Extension: Intro to Physiology
Southern California people ruin the Bay Area
Worried about roommates coming back after spring break
Early Lease Termination
Movie recommendations?
Does anyone here know of a man named Fish
Student life at cal?
Is it bad to chose the grading option if I need it for my gpa and I’m actually doing good?
Does the Wuhan Virus spread through sweat?
which 61c project is the hardest?
Analytics Internship vs SWE Internship
Should I live in Lothloriem?
wtf was that noise
Best projector on campus
I’m going to fail (NP) a class, what can I do?
Math 110 with Physics 89?
Seniors, do you plan to return after Spring Break?
I love you all
What is usually a passing grade for lower div req classes?
Hey guys, I’m a transfer and still waiting to see if I got accepted. Site says that decisions should be available on or before April 17. Did anyone hear back yet?
Stats department P/NP policy:
Getting 4 tires and an alignment are NOT essential.
UC Berkeley staff strive for normalcy amidst pandemic
PSA: There's a live webcast with Berkeley administrators focused on COVID-19 and the campus at 11:10 a.m. today
Fritzy sporting Cal merch on the Dan Patrick show this morning.
haas chances
Is this housing place REAL?
Pros and Cons for Pre-Med at Berkeley?
Where is the best to live for a graduate student with a family?
Grade Deflation at Berkeley? (Pre-Med)
This Cal student is going to shave his head live for an on-campus charity
EE16B Tutoring Opportunity
EE16B Tutoring Opportunity
If I were to be a CS student at L&amp;S at Berkeley, can I still take Control Systems courses in EECS?
What are the times for moving out on the three designated days?
UCB letters of rec
Riding Through Ground Zero!! - San Francisco, Chinatown - VTX 1800
Yale covid expert suggested keto diet for better immunity to viruses
Stanford researchers confirm N95 masks can be sterilized and reused with virtually no loss of filtration efficiency by leaving in oven for 30 mins at 70C / 158F
Anyone knows how to use Max Msp?
Anyone in berkeley I can buy a Bluetooth mouse from?
Housing: Unit 1 vs Blackwell?
Chaka Tellem is bae... and he running for ASUC senate* too... instagram is @tellem.chaka &lt;3 *titles for identification purposes only
Did the CS department already know? monkaS (CS 170 MT1, Fall 19)
Did the CS department already know? monkaS (CS 170 MT1, Fall 19)
Croads shrimp
Lonely bear, Should I stay or should I go
isolation creation
Remembering Concepts better
GSI Cost-Saving
Public track for running?
AC Transit is now free indefinitely
Are residence halls open during Spring Break?
Chill out
Martinez Townhouse
Tips for Zoom etiquette from a former Cal GSI
P/NP situation
Campus "strongly recommends" PNPing classes?
Formal move-out procedure
Impact of P/NP on L&amp;S CS Kids Trying to Declare
Anyone know when the Fall 2020 Class Schedule will be posted?
Is Haas admissions requiring letter grades for this semester?
򕀽
Student Tech Services is Hiring!!
Unhinged Berkeley Parent on r/AITA...
Clarification about option to request letter grades under new grading policy
"Graduation GPA standards will be relaxed to take this semester’s P grades into account."
Spring is on
BART empty?
Coronavirus forces hands-on learning to go online and hands-off
Missing Webcast for Psych 1?
Commencement Postponed
Some of you may be stressed by the ongoing pandemic. My professor sent us his album full of relaxing music to help us de-stress. So here it is, enjoy!
CS + Sociology double major or majoring in CS and minoring in Sociology: is it possible or too difficult?
Since quarantine, will some of you help sign this petition and help our local workers?
Passing Grade
How I feel about working on 61C Project 3 over break
grocery store notes
Advice for social distancing from partner while back home?
Quarantine &amp; Chill Contract...protect yourself
should’ve taken 5 uds and graduate early this sem?
Can I apply for RAship as a MEng student?
61A Midterm Help
Do we have one too?
Transfer request for on campus housing
E7 Grade Bin?
Overnight Parking for Move-Out?
The view from the steps of the campanile is as beautiful as ever
clark kerr apartments?
CS70 or CS61BL over the Summer?
LPT: If you’re ordering groceries for delivery from major chains, stop and consider if any of your items could be procured from local shops first as many small businesses are doing delivery in light of the pandemic and are barely staying afloat right now.
when will cal central update to P/NP?
If you’re waitlisted as an incoming freshman, when do you find out about whether you’re in off the waitlist or not?
Go bears
Opinions/ Experience with Addison Arts Apartments
Paul N. Hilfinger :
Oski is Love, Oski is Life
Is Comcast internet much slower than usual these days?
Cs61a midterm 2
Does Berkeley offer any resources to learn how to type?
List of college sponsored certificates?
High School Musical
Summer research
Is there anyone here who was surprised by their Berkeley acceptance because they weren't a strong applicant? Aka does anyone have any miracle stories?
Berkeley Bowl WEST employee talks about his experience working at the grocery store during COVID-19 news break out! If you are ever there, say hi to him!
Is there anyone who got there Berkeley decision and was surprised because they weren’t really a strong applicant? If anyone has success stories like that please let me know
Advice for summer classes
was anyone here admitted as a first year w low gpa?
Was scrolling through my camera when I came across this one. My last photo before leaving Berkeley.
CS61B GRADE BINS ARE BACK TO NORMAL
Lost Student ID on the way to Crossroads
When do we start choosing classes for Fall semester?
Is unit 1 main office open during spring break?
P/NP for declaring Environmental Econ?
BORED DURING QUARANTINE? Do a 30-second survey and win a prize!
Is the financial aid office also on spring break?
Why not let the virus take its course? Rent will finally be affordable
Looking for something meaningful to do during quarantine/interested in cultural exchange?
Abundance of dead Turtles washed up at Berkeley Aquatic Park
Creative ways to stop touching your face?
10 US colleges and universities where female grads have gone on to secure more than $1 million in funding for their startups
P/Np for Declaring Data Science?
How would cherry-picking look to the law school admissions?
I have a confession to make
CS GPA Cap Proposal
JM
How many of you don’t care about this semester anymore
Donating flex dollars online
Some Pictures of Campus I took Over Winter Break
what element of your character/story do you think got you into cal?
Accepted!!!
Hope everyone is staying safe! Here’s a fresh-baked loaf to pull us through :) (@uc.barkeley)
How to use Zoom COMPLETE TUTORIAL
How difficult is Econ 1 compared to Environmental Econ C3?
course captures/zoom links for wealth and poverty?
Animal Crossing meets Berkeley!
Berkeley or Davis for Premed
Creating a course schedule
Chillin.
Waitlisted at UCLA, and sad as hell.
international student summer rates
Classes still graded on Cal Central...
Media Studies + Haas
Social-distancing and have time to win $25?
CS61A MT2 Grading Advice?
Any easy math 53 courses that I can take online that will articulate (summer or spring quarter)
Anyone down to hit some tennis?
overseen on eecs discord part 2.
subleasing?
Cal in Animal Crossing
Cal in Animal Crossing
What Can We Do For Our Community?
CollegeABC similar website today
Acceptance for transfers
Has the COLA strike impacted anyone?
A’s for everyone on CS61B final/MT2
Anyone else leaving their classes P/NP?
Looking for a class that satisfies both AC and upper div H/SS req
Why is everyone freaking out about P/NP?
Are the RA on duty’s still at Berkeley? I lost my dorm keys
Taxes &amp; Financial Aid for married people
What if I didn’t clean my dorm and left it
Volunteer work in Berkeley
Cool course: The Science of Well-being - Xpost from Lifeprotips
Is a Spring 2020 letter grade option better for Fall transfer students from last year who are thinking of wanting to go into graduate school?
Cool coffee shops in Berkeley?
I just heard about this weird unknown virus that's been spreading around China. It looks like they're locking some cities down and the WHO declared an emergency about it. Is this whole thing gonna die down or nah?
New Grading Policy
EE16B Midterm 1 Scores Finally Released
Developed a Bit of a Dry Cough
Trying to make a Minecraft replica of Berkeley Campus: Looking for pictures of buildings
Math 54 and Econ 100A/B over the summer
Appealing Major Declaration: Haas or CS
Proposal for the CS department
UC Berkeley Pre-Health Advising Says Take Letter Grade For Pre-Reqs, If Possible (Update: For Pre-Meds/Pre-Health Students)
Now that I am in quarantinee.....
P/NP on Academic Probation
Is Mac n Cheese considered ethnic food?
Why are dorms and frats still open?
Advice needed, my neighbor is smoking in a non-smoking apartment.
Parks/good views/etc. around North Berkeley?
How’s the Physics Department?
why did the corona
even with PNP i atr
SSadd
It swon't be the end, but i am sure am sad jabout it
Yo y0 yoo BerekEley
Should I choose Berkeley over GaTech?
How do we go about requesting letter grades?
Why are letter grades being recommended against !? Like I’m doing good. My midterms were all take home essays from the get go. Also, none of my classes have actual exams only final projects. I didn’t receive any advantages or flux in course work??
WTF are people buying toilet paper like it cures Corona Virus?
Pre-Meds We May Have A Problem
Is BioE easier than MCB for premed?
Is Berkeley a very liberal campus?
so with the pnp policy...
9) "Although we strongly recommend against it"
Enforcing the P/NP Guidelines Question
Econ Piazza?
Would central campus even have the power to enforce something like AFA?
Berkeley relaxes parking enforcement rules due to shelter-in-place order
Political Science P/NP Policy
My thoughts on 61a's midterms
Need Help?
COVID-19 P/NP for premed requirements?
[copy-pasted from fb] Implementation of lenient grading curves for those who must take letter grades!
Why is the wording on the COVID housing FAQ so vague?
COE Update: P/NP will count for degree, no word on CS declarations
(Calming) In the Air - From Bmore to Oakland by Marc Hugs
(Very) Low GPA, Are Job Prospects/Grad School Salvageable?
Where were u when leter grade was kil
Channing Bowditch Double vs Coop
Are all berkeley zoom links not working??????
No Motivation?
PSA: Notifying admissions committees about forced P/NP grading
Can anyone explain to me the pros and cons for changing pre-reqs from letter grade to pnp?
#AFA Template Email
Optional P/NP for UC BERKELEY!!!!
Moving out (Dorm) form question
UPDATE: all classes are defaulted to P/NP and can still satisfy major requirements.
P/NP with opt-in Letter Grades: it's official
Even with new P/NP, consider A's for All Petition (for both those who need letter grades + boost)
Stat 2 vs Stat 20 vs Public Health 142
In face of COVID-19, Cal’s Elijah Hicks goes from pick-offs to pick-me-ups
Looking for Econ 1 lecture notes or Anki deck
Didn't get housing offer should I be worried?
due to my boredom, I am here to (hopefully) find my missed connection
2020-2021 Housing
Fenwick Weavers Coop questions
[Gift] Does anybody need Wood carving disc for 16mm Aperture Angle Grinder? have new one left. PM me if you need.
sad but hopeful
Housing
Roommate group
Housing Leases for next year
do you think summer classes will still happen?
Should I choose “Cancel Spring 2020 only” if i just want to get out if my current contract in Unit 1? I have summer housing so I’m worried about choosing the “Cancel 2019-2020” option.
CS61A Midterm2
What’s the first thing you’ll do when we go back normal?
Quick question about moving out. Is the email that we have to send the cancellation for to “reshall@berkeley.edu”? Thanks
In light of the recent mandate from the Governor, would it still be safe for me to get my stuff from my dorm to move out?
Quick question about moving out? Is the email that we have to send the cancellation form to “reshall@berkeley.edu”?
Channing Double
Martinez Commons residence hall info
How to join Free &amp; For Sale on Facebook?
Do people use Facebook much at Cal?
Enclave Apartments?
Shitty Housing Offer
61a midterm 2...
Housing offers
Boba Places Open?
State of California on lockdown, effective immediately
does anyone know where i can get a simple b&amp;w map of berkeley streets?
Why are you people like this?
What would P/NP do for me since this is my first semester?
A concern about the potential P/NP system
Should i select the “Spring only” option on the housing contract cancellation form if I only want to move out of my current dorm?
Can I record a video while doing a Zoom presentation?
Argument for mandatory P/NP
A screenshot of this same email was posted on the Overheard page by someone else, but I thought I might share it here as well. (All classes P/NP by default, can opt-in for letter grade)
Mandatory PNP Incoming
Does anyone know if summer research is going to be happening?
I am trying to cancel my housing contract and saw that it says I should choose the move our date of April 1, 10, etc. Do y’all know where to choose the date? Im on the cancellation form and I don’t see the options on it..
P/Np is happening!
Advice for housing next year
Can someone please explain the logic behind A's for All?
Why mandatory P/NP is short-sighted and a better solution exists
Are TAs still getting paid?
reaching my breaking point :(
Some of my students have moved back to China. What websites should I use to teach and send files?
MIT has switched to mandatory P/NP for all students.
should I take EE16B &amp; CS70 this summer together?
Mandated P/NP for students on Academic Probation
Discord for Class of 2024?
Coronavirus and COLA
The case against mandatory P/NP
If spring commencement needs to be canceled, what alternative would you prefer?
1B, 10B tutoring
Too extreme?
School moving towards optional Pass/No Pass maybe
What will you do with your $1000?
Anyone else struggling because of their internet connection?
Parking overnights
Every Cal student and faculty member needs to check this out lol
Best math and physics professors
Opinion On P/NP Policy from a Low-income, Underrepresented Student
The Case AGAINST Mandatory P/NP
How am I going to survive 5 months at home with my parents while most of my friends are in different countries?
listen up
Concerns with AFA?
Transfer student with no friends :(
Lab classes through Zoom
Can we pour one out for UCLA they are getting a VIRTUAL commencement.
Sahai's Roses thread
Does anyone know where to buy eggs?
I made some points here, for the coronavirus memes.
Library book
The case against Optional P/NP
Just had my Haas interview!
Interested in the stock market? Berkeley Economic Review is hosting a livestream Thursday (3/19) 7-8 PM PST that will explain basic stock market concepts and personal finance. Tune in!
Vanderbilt University switched to optional P/NP to all undergraduate classes.
Cog Sci major w/ cs minor
hikes around berkeley with trails?
What are everyone’s thoughts on this P/NP or giving everyone A’s business?
Stanford Professor: Data indicates we're severely overreacting to coronavirus
Wellesley College is doing mandatory P/NP too (where most plan on going to med/law/grad school) - wouldn't grad schools understand then? Cal should do it, too.
Clinical trial for Post-exposure Prophylaxis for SARS-Coronavirus-2
Stanford's finest...
Please don't even introduce P/NP as an option for requirements
How does one determine whether apartment listings are scams in these times?
Ranting senior
How would classes required for declaring be affected by the rumored PNP?
EXTEND THE LATE DROP DEADLINE FOR CLASSES
extend p/np deadline
Refunds for FAFSA students ?
Please don't force us to P/NP our classes!
Housing help please
Prof. Hug is amazing
Georgetown Moves to P/NP Classes That Count Towards Major: Pressure Berkeley Admin!
Is artichokes open?
Principles of Herd Immunity &amp; Social Distancing (created by Dr. Akiko Iwasaki, Professor at Yale University School of Medicine. and the BioRender scientific content team) News
What happened to Kiwibot?
Social Distance Learning
Should I take MCB 104 or 140?
Entertaining prof takes tequila shot during 9:30am Zoom lecture- 30 min later takes another
Are summer classes going to be online or cancelled?
Hello other Nick Weaver (seriously, really enjoying 61C!)
housing for fall semester
Is the Cloyn Court co-op a noisy environment to live in?
International House (I House) Scholarships
Stebbins Hall Coop for Graduate Students
Waiving Statistics Lower-Division Requirements
Petition to Make the Semester OPTIONAL PNP, Not Mandatory
Another meme for y’all
Dumb question.. What if I cancel my housing contract and classes start again?
Math N55 summer
Possible Alternative to Optional P/NP? Yale students advocate for new UP grading system+context on transcript
nick weaver's cat overseen on zoom
Better than P/NP- This crisis is unprecedented and right now students deserve to be relieved of academic burden! Please help prioritize health
Zoom study sesh
Berkeley should let students late drop indiscriminately
highkey missing days like these on Sproul right about now ☹︎
How many people are still in Blackwell?
Grocery Stores
Chances to Haas?
Is going home overseas a good idea now?
Are flex dollars with the blue dining plan gonna be part of the refund?
Is making the entire semester P/NP the best option?
Housing refund with financial aid
Does math N1B in the summer satisfy math 1B requirements?
CineCalidad 🥇 【OFICIAL】 | Peliculas Online SIN ANUNCIOS
Change.org petition to have P/NP classes count towards major requirements this semester
Math 185 + CS61A/CS61BL this summer + what are my odds of getting math research at this point
Grading scheme change
Cancelling On-Campus Housing: "Submit Electronically to Cal Housing"
Textbook/resources for Math 104/105
Econ 2 Curved?
A shoutout to all the GSIs, TAs, Professors, Instructors and others trying to figure out teaching online (Awesome song parody)
Looking for recommendations for trans friendly doctor! Does anybody have experience with OneMedical?
Finding funding for research?
Do you feel like you can’t talk in zoom too?
Data 8 webcast xenophobia?
Fung Fellowship Interview
Move out - How to?
Tips for online learning - especially if sheltering in place
I have a fuck ton of ramen and fruit cups and I don't know what to do with them.
Rabbit found on piedmont. Let me know if he is yours!
Where am I supposed to study now
Quick BSC points question
Sign the Petition To Change Grading!
Is anyone else struggling?
Can you help a college student gather market data for an apparel company?? It'll take you 1 minute of your life and help me for the next 5 years of mine
Participate in a Study about the Effects of Relocation on Undergraduates
What are the chances that all classes actually end up being P/NP?
Could we discuss the rest of the semester?
Eerie Silence
Are there outdoor pull up bars on campus?
I wish I could afford another semester at Cal
Corona tweet
Is Capitalism Evil? Many liberal Americans claim to want a socialistic economy and look to some European economies as prominent examples, but are they really socialistic? Maybe you’ve been misinformed... Read this article, “Capitalism Beyond Freedom?” by Nicolas Dussaux, to find out!
Parking Underhill Overnight
Petition to make classes P/NP and count for majors (already at 1000 signatures!)
Any possible way I can get into the Hearst gym cages?
Hoyt Hall Coop
Has anyone in Public Health 150E taken the midterm?
How to submit housing cancellation form "electronically"?
Where to reserve a study room?
Petition: Change UC Berkeley Spring Grades to be Pass/No-Pass AND Counted as Major Requirements
Do flex dollars carry over?
Berkeley Fall 2020 Housing ( sophomore)
CS Easy to Declare?
What do you remember from ur haas interview!
Your time to shine, Banjo Dude
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen/heard during Zoom meetings?
Information about moving out of dorms!
Why Do We Accept Capped Majors As A Thing?
Am I the only one who isn’t missing Berkeley??
CalMessage from the Chancellor with Updates Regarding Shelter-In-Place Order
Haas Interview?
Do y'all think they'll cancel commencement because of the Wuhan Virus?
Is there a way to find anyone’s student id?
If I get corona virus, what will happen to my midterms and finals?
Is Chipotle going to be open?
Lockdown and going back to pack
All UC Berkeley's libraries to close
Odds of transferring in the co-ops?
Campus open?
AMGEN summer scholars
Frontier Discounting $100 Off Flights for Students
Starting midnight, we are required to shelter in place for 3 weeks
City of Berkeley officially shut down. STAY INDOORS.
Shelter in Place in Berkeley: Order by Health Officer
Any former or current Ridge House people can tell me what Ridge House is like?
How do I do the dorm refund process
Marshawn Lynch in Westworld premiere yesterday
Remember this feeling
Marshawn Lynch in Westworld season premiere yesterday night!
Bay Area to ‘shelter in place:’ What you need to know about how life will change
Coronavirus is “Not something to panic about in the U.S” said John Swartzberg, MD, a clinical professor emeritus at UC Berkeley's School of Public Health
Moving out of dorm?
Where to advertise sublease
Why a P/NP Mandate For All Classes This Semester Would Be Chaos + Late Drop Information, Etc.
It will get better
Your Electives
Berkley bCourses login
“I feel like I’m talking to nobody wow haha”
International students on visas can't leave the US for more than 5 months?
"CDC recommends organizers cancel or postpone events with 50 people or more for 8 weeks"
The commencement is in ~10 weeks, who else think it might get cancelled due to this?
As a graduating senior, I decided to hike the big C tonight for the first time before leaving. It was beautiful through the rain and sun, a bittersweet ending to my undergrad here. Thanks Berkeley, it’s been real.
PSA: In light of the recent toilet paper shortage
Question about moving out
Educational Video
To my fellow Bears
I have one professor who is handling this 10/10
Dorm refunds?
I think a great way to take advantage of next quarter is to take classes that were previously inaccessible, especially now with nothing to do. So I made this subreddit in hopes that all schools can come together to share their classes and form a zoom community. Feel free to comment any ideas!
Change all grades to P/NP? Upvote if Yes; downvote if NO
Saddest I’ve been this year
Berkeley, you’re beautiful
Redirecting our Concerns: Office of the Chancellor
Corona Sunset 🍻 enjoy your quarantine
Corona Sunset 🍻
Late 2000s Berkeley shitposts were on another level
Leaked footage of Class of 2020 graduation
Find your internships and jobs while you still can
Pro tip: donate unused flex points to the food pantry before you leave!!
Governor Newsom just ordered all bars in California to close
California Gov. Newsom calls for home isolation for all seniors, bars to close, restaurants to limit capacity
Roommate for Double Room
Roommate for Double Room
Roommate for a Double Room near RSF
Is anyone getting their rent back?
social distancing is an ethical obligation at this point
I am concerned professors say closed book but, I know my peers won’t care. I’ve literally studied for this exam for weeks and now I’m worried.
Berkeley Pandemic fiction
Answer anonymously
If you took a big blue umbrella from the bin at the RSF
Biochem Help?
Stanfurd*
Masks
Looks like Stanford needs some basic math lessons.
Feeling pent up at home? Don't forget UCB is offering training on freeing 2 students.
How do i get a refund for off campus flex dollars?
This trip truly was fun, wasn't it?
5 finger shit
whatever may be going on, we can all take solace in the fact that no amount of webcasts will teach stanfurd students pre-algebra
Does everyone in your dorm room need to move out for the refund to be eligible?
UC Berkeley fires six campus police officers caught hanging out in library
Looking for a third roommate for housing
balancing self-quarantine and anxiety
Apparently some classes at UC Irvine are waiving the finals and giving students As.
Answer anonymously
If we're all losing motivation to do our schoolwork, why the heck not?
Why are students looking for a place to sublease?
Going back to Berkeley
Dorm relocation
Housing/meal plan refunds
(residence halls) can i return dorm keys &amp; leave rn?
What happens if class become in person again?
Anyone have the text of the email sent by Sociology Prof about student who tested positive?
Student parents with kids at home...I see you.
Resume classes next semester?
Reconsider hoarding...
Third time's the charm
5th years masters
Berkeley student confirmed coronavirus
where is the best pie within walking distance of southside?
Would you rather have school cancelled/postponed or do online classes?
Berkeley sociology grad student has just tested positive for coronavirus
Stolen from UCBMFET
National Society of Leadership and Success?
Anyone else feel demotivated to do any school work?
What’s Trader Joe’s/Target/Walgreens like now?
Thank you for Pi Day, Cal Dining
goodbye Berkeley... you terrible, wonderful place
Anyone know what the grocery stores look like in the area?
Stay in Berkeley vs Stay home but unable to focus on studying?
/r/berkeley traffic stats during COVID-19 pandemic
unit 1 housing
UC Berkeley administrators and experts are back for a second round of questions. The new thread has been stickied to the top. Please click on this title to post a question in that thread! Do not ask a question in this thread.
Summer classes
If you are going to leave you should leave in the next week. If you are coming back to Berkeley it should be in the next week.
To all the seniors
UC Berkeley administrators are back to take your questions about COVID-19 and the campus's response
Class of 2020 graduation pics be like.... GO BEARS!!
bye berk
How soon will it be until the Bay Area as a whole gets quarantined?
If I don't get into EECS, can I still get into L&amp;S CS
Stanford University student confirmed with COVID-19
Anyone taking Prob 140 this semester
Return Textbook？
Always look at the bright side
Hornyasianbro we need you
My ass can't take it
To Berkeley,
damn
How is everyone practicing social distancing?
Happy pi day!
Accidentally deleted pdf file on my galaxy tab
Zoom Midterms
uc zoom
Barefoot in the snow uphill both ways
sad
Can someone create an online study space?
uc zoom
It's kind of funny that we start online classes on Berkeley time
Soon we will all know someone who tested positive. Let’s keep it civil
Thanks Berkeley and Gavin Newsom for taking everything I love away from me by forcing its cancellation in the span of 3 days
The one perk of Corona
CS61Boardgames
Online classes make me feel lonely
data 8 website not working?
Need a favor
Tips for CS61A, CS61B, CS70?
Looking for a CS88 Study Buddy
When will housing decisions be out?
Breaking Housing Contract
coop housing
Anyone staying?
Thinking about transferring to UC Berkeley?? Tips, advice? Am I insane for thinking so??
Lost all motivation to continue
So... what about books?
Shoutout to whoever was playing Zelda music from the Campanile today
Indian tutorial videos are still supreme though
Should I stay on campus?
Going home to vulnerable family member?
Berkeley epidemiology alumni AMA on COVID-19
Berkeley epidemiology alumni AMA
Chances of tuition refund?
Flex Dollars
Depressed as all fucking hell
Thoughts?
FYI, UC Berkeley's libraries are OPEN but with reduced hours
Returning microwave/fridge for dorms?
Dropping EECS16B...
Zoom Proctored Exams Are Stupid
Grades for This Semester
Online Finals or not?
Epidemiological Comparison of Respiratory Viral Infections (created by Dr. Akiko Iwasaki, Professor at Yale University School of Medicine.)
COVID-19 related volunteer opportunities in Berkeley?
What would life look like in Berkeley if I stayed?
anyone planning on staying?
Well, time to fail all my classes
RIP
Class cancelled through end of semester
Classes online for the rest of the semester
My favorite thing is hearing my gsi vaping over zoom during discussions 😂
Yo Chancellor, SAY SOMETHING
So my circuits professor emailed us and officially cancelled all in person classes for the rest of the semester. Is he going rogue, or do professors already know the school won't reopen after break?
I will Facetime/Zoom tutor you in CS
overseen: bio 1b not giving an f.
Profs teaching online be like
do y'all think summer classes are going to be online at this point?
Is campus open?
Intake tents for coronavirus patients go up at Alta Bates Hospital on Ashby.
Hi all! Running a short, 10-question survey on 'How Nosy/Curious Are You As a Neighbor.' Hoping to get a good sample from each state and could use more from CA. I would love your input, however, mods please remove if this is not permitted.
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
I think Shawn has given the definitive answer to the philosophical question, Who am I?
what did people think of the 127 midterm
Shit is fucked
How people are acting rn b/c of the coronavirus
Is anyone else kind of struggling more than they'd like because of online classes?
Zoomer gang rise up
OFFICIAL CORONAVIRUS STATEMENT FROM CHANCELLOR CHRIST
cs61b has completely destroyed me
I'm driving back to SoCal on Saturday, change my mind
OFFICIAL CORONAVIRUS STATEMENT FROM CHANCELLOR CHRIST
Berkeley Community Help Doc
Coop housing
Please send help and toilet paper
Student Housing Offers
I used a simple exponential growth model to predict US coronavirus cases by day, based on data up til March 9
Rideshare to SFO tmr morning
How to mark all bcourses class announcements as read?
Contains footage of Berkeley before it became online
Who else is annoyed as fck by the BIG GIVE SPAM
I'm a pre-frosh. WTF is going on right now?? Will classes be online only for summer session and fall too?
Hello?
CS61CPU
Online classes for the rest of the semester? Anyone else hear something about this?
Anyone else hear anything about this?
Hope everyone stays safe out there
Zoom dates
who's traveling?
coronavirus is literally going to fuck my 61a grade
20 bucks says we're online for the rest of the semester
should I go to hawaii
Stay or go?
honestly how do you survive an online midterm
why cant 189 give an in-person midterm option?
staythefuckhome.com - Cited sources and up to date facts on COVID-19
Alumni and Cal Parents - Help Students with Housing Emergencies or other Basic Needs
When will class catalog for fall 2020 be released?
Normandy Village Woes😞
Enigma CS61B
I think it's safe to say Kiwibots folded several months too early.
Will Berkeley kick us out of our dorms?
does anyone just wanna get coronavirus
MA Statistics
New social takeout app on the rise
GSI Taking time to work on songwriting during corona-isolation
CS70 Midterm Statistics
a quick rundown on the coronavirus situation
pls give us ur money to shoot shit to space
pls give us ur money to shoot shit to space
pls give us ur money so we can shoot shit into space
Is anybody else still dying from Enigma(61b)
Class Cancellation Plans
Remembering the flu of 1918
Anyone have CS169 webcasts that are more recent than 2017?
anonymous helix 3 has had enough
Plane tickets are dirt cheap
Unit 3 Coronavirus Rumor?
Should I do my section in Cory or Evans?
Zoom has turned me into a degenerate
Share your story Bears
A rant: I’m spending so much time on classes only to probably get below average in them. Wtf is wrong with me?
Cal Basketball defeats Stanford for the second time this season to advance to Pac-12 Quarterfinals
Sociology grad program
Cal when it sends us emails about the Big Give at the same time as emails about canceling classes and literally every event on campus ever
Live updates feed for COVID-19! Hope it's helpful
AFRICAM 131 Midterm
With things worsening with COVID-19, I think commencement should be held over Zoom
dry coughing a lot
Cal Bears defeat $tanfurd 63-51 in Pac-12 Tournament Opener!
The M.E.T Program At Berkeley
Absolutely hate Clark Kerr
And let’s not forget anytime a professor asks a question and no one responds
Anyone down for Ultimate Frisbee?
how to not feel stupid after getting a bad grade?
University of California, Zoom
anybody else concerned their summer internship will be canceled
Calday officially cancelled, athletic events move to no spectators
Housing Next Semester
Summer classes canceled?
Why does Starbucks get to bypass Berkeley’s new no-plastic ordinance?
Is anyone else going home packing up their dorms
Chance of dorms shutting down?
Time to go home 🐻
when were you when cal day die?
Cal Day is Cancelled :(
Chances classes become online only for the rest of the semester?
Any other Seniors super bummed about missing out on their last semester???
The number of professors cluelessly uninformed on COVID-19 is laughable
How to write a successful Economics major appeal, or for any other major?
Let the memes begin
How many of you are planning on going home?
Contingency planning
What is proper etiquette about going to the bathroom during my zoom class?
Cloud computing meetup
CS61B curve
URGENT: Corona Virus spread in Berkeley update
CS70 MT1 Stats
Where to volunteer in Berkeley
Does anyone want to compare answers after the Data 8 Midterm?
How will math midterms work online?
Ya'll think summer classes will also be online?
California’s affirmative action ban, Proposition 209, targeted for repeal
Late Night at Croads?
Any advice how to study at home effectively?
What are the pros and cons of going home and is anyone else on the fence?
Looking to rent parking spaces.
How did EE16B manage to make labs WORSE
Cancelled all summer abroad 2020
fair play wilplatypus. karma is a valuable currency. :p
To everyone who says Evans isn’t beautiful 😤
Oski once again asks for your attention
Returning after spring break
Foothill be like
renege Deloitte offer?
Summer CS/DS Courses
With all the online midterms now
/r/berkeley traffic stats during COVID-19 pandemic
cogsci 1 help
Can you get viruses over the phone? If so I’m glad I didn’t pick up that last spam call...
Please help us out and sign the petition to move class online at UCLA
Physics 8a curve
Classes Cancelled for Fall Semester too?
Did I do well on EE16A MT1
off campus apartments
What's the point of cancelling classes except performance art, PE, etc.
EECS16A Midterm 1 Historical Averages/Distributions?
Food challenges near Berkeley? Preferably "healthy" (if that's even possible LOL)
after spring break
In resilience, we stand together resiliently
Elon Musk says college is 'basically for fun and not for learning'
Any chance we get refunds on tuition?
Best $1 Taco Tuesday deals around campus/Berkeley?
Advice For Senior Year Schedule
Something the world’s greatest immunologists can’t figure out
Bio 1AL Situation
They move classes online to prevent the spread of coronavirus but don’t even move croads online smh
Are y’all just not in activities or is it just me
Stand together.
Harvard just sent everyone home
in light of ucsd
Me and my classmates on Zoom
Pretty good real estate companies in berk
CalDining Situation
Can someone explain this to me pls
Anyone staying over break b/c you don't wanna infect your parents?
It’s like we’re living in the Harry Potter series, here at Berkeley—
Why These Wildcats Will Weaken Us
They won’t have a good reason go back to regular classes
Linear algebra for Data Science
Worried international student
CS70 and the abundance of Reddit posts about performing below-average
UC Berkeley grad workers to go on strike March 16
study gems around campus?
Arab Trump Supporter At UC Berkeley PLEASE SHARE
What even is passion
Environmental Econ c101 question
Any good overnight parking spots for motorcycles at Berkeley?
What are the chances I can go back home to Southeast Asia and finish the semester there
Please be careful with spreading COVID-19 rumors
A documentary about COVID-19
Help UCSB activists!!!
Whats the Physics 7A situation
Stay safe y’all.
Anything we can all do to help and support each other through the Coronavirus outbreak?
Math 1B Paulin midterm
Ouch
Ouch
Dumb question— Can I take the online classes and online midterm anywhere? Just making sure...
Coronavirus
Econ 2 Notes?
EEP c101 Curve?
Poker
bio 1b lab
Help UCLA
how useful is math 121A/B for physics majors?
who are the hottest berkeley professors?
Heres to hoping
Possibility of Spring break extension?
ASUS UX303U Ultrabook for $300 (Retail: $1,000; Core i5-6200U 6th Generation, 8GB Ram, 256GB SSD)
Anyone live in/know about 2321 Dwight?
R1B LECTURE CANCELLED?!
COVID-19 has allegedly hit Unit 3 (keyword: allegedly). Can anyone confirm/refute this?
Coronavirus has allegedly Unit 3. Can anyone confirm/refute this?
Force quarantine the entire bay area. Nobody leaves.
Campus libraries being closed?
Any more information on this? Is this confirmed?
Commencement
Hot research direction in Bayesian inference
I’m dipping
coronavirus/election anxiety making it hard to focus on school
just a thought
Question about coronavirus ?
Most UC Berkeley classes suspended starting Tuesday, March 10 through spring break.
People who order from UberEats
Classes moving online until end of spring break. Full text of the email.
Class Online-Only Email Sent to Professors
Confirmed online-only classes
classes cancelled until spring break
Campus going online only [confirmed]
In-person classes officially suspended starting tomorrow
Classes are going online today.
Both of my professors cancelled classes today because of flu-like symptoms they developed over the weekend
Most of the hand sanitizer stations put in campus buildings are completely empty. Bring your own if possible.
How about if instead of canceling things, we host them outside?
i'm sick and going to class because I have no more excusable absences
I’m a tattoo artist in Sf looking to expand my portfolio/ build clientele- HMU on if if you’d like to get something, my ig is @brittnaami 🌸🌹
What does the coronavirus mean for academics?
So CS has the privilege to online delivery but the rest of us are left to slow Coronadeath?
Chat with a 67-year-old German friend (he spent 30 years sailing around the world)
Listen to a fellow Golden Bear's Music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0OWqrPy45g I might be your GSI :)
I feel like this is gonna be what it takes to shut Berkeley down too
Listen to a fellow Golden Bear's music! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0OWqrPy45g
Roommate Juuls in room
CS 61C Goes Online-Only
Anyway to download your cal central profile picture?
I've lost all motivation for school
Any over the counter drugs to help you focus?
Another rant - still a v-sad-boi
120 of the 1000 Californians tested for the coronavirus have tested positive
MCB 102 Midterm
Go Bears
A gorgeous work of art from /u/tfoust10! A single unbroken line of gold ink.
Are 2024 admits still going to the ROHP?
Student Discount Program Survey!
Take a guess
can i still pass 61c?
dont do it
Why is CS61A so easy?
Can someone explain the reluctance to cancel classes?
Here's a 61b person being brainwashed by Hilfinger
Is CS 189 worth taking?
Zinc lonzenges or substitute availability?
Incoming freshman looking for advice on courses
Petition to close schools to stop spread of corona
CS61B
Cancel School Please
(Serious Question) Why can't we bomb china to get rid of coronavirus?
Disciplinary Sanction question on CIEE study abroad application
Likelihood of Online Classes?
What does I.B.’s stand for?
Guy kills himself under car while trying to steal its parts
Why do you like it here? I’m Looking for a reason to like the Bay Area and the city of Berkeley. What am I missing?
The CA Dept. of Public Health just sent this document to all CA public universities and colleges. Likely no campus closures until &gt;5 confirmed cases of COVID-19.
This document was sent to all California public universities and colleges. Likely no campus closures until there are more than 5 confirmed COVID-19 cases on campus
Thinking of Double Major in Haas and trying to schedule a plan. What are the easiest Haas requirements and electives? I just want to spread out my schedule and not take the hardest ones at the same time as other hard classes.
Columbia will suspend in person classes on Monday
Best budget electric skateboard?
Corona Virus is Thinly Veiled Racism
Go into college with the highest intent
Anyone know a good plug?
Can we just end this crap already?
Has anyone else ever literally felt traumatized by their substandard performance in a class?
Literally all my 1 unit commitments are free units now
FYI if anybody is looking for disinfect wipes
What happens to the workers if school is cancelled? Do they get paid?
Cancel spring vacation?
if (real) { bad idea }
Full moon hike @ panoramic
CALifornia poppy - sharing a little of today's outdoor beauty in this time of stress
Wait what is a take home midterm
Potential CAL day cancellation?
if you live in the chi phi senior house, go fuck yourself
UC Berkeley Fall 2019 Transfer Admissions Profile (gpa, admit rate, yield)
What can I do as a math and stats major?
Berkeley PhD visit days have been canceled
Anyone have an addy plug??
Declaring Environmental Econ and Policy (EEP)
Friend’s roommate may have Coronavirus
Is P/NP a major requirement (cs61b) and taking it for a grade next semester allowed?
CS Minor Petition
A cruise ship that was hit by the coronavirus is headed to Oakland
186 cheating
ORDER: San Francisco bans events for 2 weeks due to coronavirus
Non-Selective Business Clubs/Societies?
cs 186
Anyone else on this? This app is wild 😂
Help us close SJSU's campus amid COVID-19
Hyperlocal apps used anymore at Cal campus?
Is there a book club here ? If so how do I join?
Been two days in Berkeley and ...
SOC 1 Midterm
What does cancelling classes solve?
So I made an app..!!! Ever wondered what an anonymous twitter feed for just your college would look like? Download the app Herd for some laughs and a good time. Would appreciate the support!!
Late-add class
Even if it does not kill you, Coronavirus frequently "punches holes in the lungs giving them a honeycomb like appearance." National Geographic, What Coronavirus Does to the Body
Survey on Shopping Habits (Enter to Win 💲)
Website posted by hospital in Seattle(Outbreak center of washington) 3 days ago stating the hospital will stop testing patient who do not need hospitalization for coronavirus has been deleted before today.
Coronavirus Tracker Map: Bay Area Currently at 64 Cases, 104 total in CA
**UPDATE** I received this message from a time-traveling EECS student
**UPDATE** I received this message from Chancellor Christ's four weeks into the future
UC Berkeley Admin response to coronavirus is exactly like that of the Good Place Committee
61A ants is depressing me
The Coronavirus is a Fking Joke
Moffitt Glory Hole Update
Where can we get masks in East Bay?
Utah being proactive vs UCB being reactive
summer RA
How much longer is coronavirus gonna survive?
Do I have to reactivate my clipper card from last semester?
Does anyone have a concern that most coronaviruses that are originating in the United States is actually on the outskirts of the United States. I am concerned about viruses originating from Birds and their droppings. Could we all be notified how to keep the virus down if this is a concern.
I don’t know who needs to hear this but
Cheating in CS186
Transferring to uc berkeley
using the art studio without purchasing the open studio pass?
UC Berkeley - MIMS / School of Information Doubts
PROTECT YOURSELF FROM CORONAVIRUS
How do I download course captures from Youtube?
If we don’t stop school it’s just stupid
I wish we would switch to online classes already....
Petition for Chancellor Christ to resign
Stanfords cancels all in class classes and will move online for rest of winter quarter
i fucking hate berkeley
Free CourseHero Unlocks
Berkeley Buttfuckers
Is there anywhere in Berkeley I can park my car overnight?
Stanford Cancels Classes
Stanford moving classes online for the rest of their quarter
no we're not
What kinds of masks should I buy?
Global 45 Midterm - Prof Gottreich
Does anyone else not feel comfortable telling administration their spring break travel plans?
Housing Co-Op
Do you think China arrival flights will be banned over summer due to the outbreak
Do I have to pay ship deductible if I got referred to a service outside of tang ?!
Fung Fellowship
Looking for interviewees for EA's customer service project! 50$ Amazon gift card raffle included :)
Y’all know any co-op or frat houses for cheap Summer housing? Thanks in advance!
transcript quick q
Anyone have a 3mm Allen wrench I can borrow?
Chancellor Message Regarding Covid-19
Berkeley's response to the 1918 Influenza
What happened to dumpling express?
ee16a midterm redo
r/trashy finding the confessions page
....I have a confession.
Take Home Exam and Cheating?
If you have a cough, the sniffles, a fever, STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!
Phone found in Unit 1 Courtyard
So you are telling us the Dow Jones is down 4,000 in the last week because of a sickness with a death rate of 2.3%...are you sure it could not be something else?
Private work space
Why the University Administration is being secretive about Coronavirus (my opinion)
Any info on Berkeley MIMS Fellowship for graduate students?
hello welcome to mcdonalds motherfucker
The UC Berkeley Coronavirus Panel AMA has now started. Panelists include UC Berkeley Vice Chancellor Mark Fisher. Please make your way to the thread by clicking on this thread title.
Getting 6 month free trial for Amazon Prime
Avinash Kunnath : Source close to the UCs tells me UC Berkeley might finally be ready to tear down Evans Hall.
FYI Email from the Administration on COVID-19 and Travel Advisories for Students, Faculty, and Staff
61BL or EE16A over the summer
UW cancels ALL in person classes!
First U.S. Colleges Close Classrooms as Virus Spreads. More Could Follow.
Anti-science rule limiting enivornmental research set to go in effect.
Guest Post Available on high Da Edu Sites all niche accepted Come Inbox.
Email from Marc fisher inc 🙏🏻
So I asked my professor if he could make course captures available..
Are there any Econ electives I can take on UC Extensions?
University of Washington develops test kit for 5,000/day.
Who tryna get on that crane on Shattuck &amp; Center St?????
Heard two gunshots around Unit 1
Skipping Midterms?
Coronavirus in N.Y.: 2,733 People Are Under Quarantines in City
How's Downtown Berkeley compared to Southside?
COVID-19 is confirmed to have airborne transmission ability, but the chance of infection through air is only non-negligible in a relatively closed environment with high concentration of aerosol for a relatively long period of time.
One way to help vs the coronavirus that nobody has talked about
Where to buy masks?
Extended CDC boundaries for getting coronavirus tested!
CS 168 Take Home Midterm
Need a girl. NOW
As someone with a place I need to fill, how can I make the housing search less stressful?
Eating at cafeterias
The Homeless Are Petri Dishes for COVID-19
Instructor for physics 7A Summer session
when are cs 70 midterm grades getting released
don't know how to deal with stress, insecurity, and mental struggles
cs61bl
Coronavirus Discussion
The tragedy just doesn’t stop...
The tragedy just doesn’t stop...
Green Revenge X Storm from StockX for sale
International Students Applying to U.S Universities
Just one question: how many students need to die from this virus for school to be canceled?
Trigger warning : complaining
The Optimal Coronavirus Strategy
Help with Anthro 115 with Professor Gordon
where to get film developed?
For 21 years, millions of people helped UC Berkeley search for alien life. Now it's time to analyze the results
Coronavirus.. on the other hand...
Hey fellow Bears! I need some help finding the most litter filled spots around campus.
Two unrelated community-spread case have been confirmed in SF.
Do grad students not believe in the coronavirus
I’m currently looking for a 1 bedroom with for a June 1 move-in and figured I’d check here to see if anyone here is planning to move-out from their 1br then!
holy Fff. 20 cases in Santa Clara.
Psychology Transfer for Fall 2020 (Pre-reqs changed?)
Employee Reduced Fee Tuition
Good Job Protesters...
Man who dresses up as a T-rex by Sproul Gate?
the Sproul preacher is driving me crazy and I can't take it anymore
Kids in my design class really be making anime girls tho
No wonder the school administration is slow responding the coronavirus concern. They got a more “obvious” problem to deal with. [Video is about the COLA strike that’s currently happening]
What are the protests about today?
REMINDER THAT YOUR PROFESSORS AND GSIS ARE HUMAN TOO
Should I miss my UGBA 10 operations exam
Looking for Bears who are big podcast listeners - Paid opportunity
Anyone with coronavirus wanna make out?
Study: White nationalist propaganda distribution on college campuses nearly doubled in 2019
Anybody else feeling a lot of anxiety bc the coronavirus?
Physics Department cancels the 2020 Oppenheimer Lecture featuring Leonard Susskind due to the health risk
Spring football practice
Help students learn C and data structure with visualizing the execution of C code
Don’t worry, croads is safe now
Frat Summer Housing
Diane Ninemire Steps Down As Cal Softball Coach
Natural village of Run Ta Ek ,នេះជាទេសភាព​រម្មណីយដ្ឋានភូមិធម្មជាតិរុនតាឯក​
Taking the Bart to SF
The reason why campus is not closed
Just curious...
Discussions are now online for CS61A. Students will also receive full credit for discussion.
West Gate of Angkor Thom,ក្លោងទ្វារខាងលិចនៃអង្គរធំ
COVID-19 Mild symptom poll
CalDining and Face Masks?
This Brooklyn case and the Berkeley student case just indirectly support the reality that the number of test kit available is still lacking. I hope the school administration consider the possibility that the official figure of the confimed coronavirus case missed a lot of mild case.
Sooo where do the GSIs go out on the weekends??
From the COVID-19 subreddit
Rumor: Berkeley student was diagnosed with the Corona virus
How is the EECS Program?
Clark Kerr Power Outlets
I’m confused
come on
How to access math journals subscribed to by Berkeley?
Berkley private videos
Does Tang center offer HGH injections?
Interview with Andy Miller, co-owner of the Sacramento Kings and owner of the SF Shock on the Shock's upcoming homestand at Zellerbach Hall
Has anyone been tested for COVID-19
Hmmmm
I was just diagnosed with an ”unknown upper respitory virus” today
I made a LASER cut wood burnt map of California
Berkeley resident COVID-19
Paying $145 a month for just sewer?
The University's Spanish Flu Response in 1918
anthro 1 midterm
Masks are helpful! That is the only point I care!
Stay home if your pushing snot up your nose and coughing phlegm.
Can we STUDENTS be more proactive about making classes/exams online right now?
Data from the 55000 Coronavirus case study retrived from the recent release of WHO-China Joint Mission Final Report: Percentage of Varius Symptom in 55k coronavirus patients. Incubation Period(Mean 5-6 d.Range 1-14 d). Percentage of Mild(80%), Serious(13.8%), and Critical (6.1%)case.
From the recent release of WHO-China Joint Mission Final Report: Percentage of Varius Symptom in 55000 coronavirus patients. Incubation Period. Percentage of Mild, Serious, and Critical case.
asdsadasdasd
Screwed for CS61a
Allergy Season
The only medicine not out of stock that everyone needs this flu season...
Photographer for headshots?
EECS16B MT1
It's in L.A. now
I’ll start wearing a mask if you guys wear one too.
Really good coronavirus documentary about Wuhan lockdown
is Quokka Brew a MLM?
Please don’t eat your crunchy-ass sandwich in the quiet parts of the library. Thank you :)
Have questions about coronavirus and the campus's response? UC Berkeley administrators are here to take your questions.
Don’t trust your lying ears and eyes, there is but a 0.0001% death rate!
Is it doable to take R1B and CS61B together in summer?
Coronavirus had mutated, recent research shown. The SARS-COV-2 genome are classified to 2 general types, type L and type S. Type L is newer, more contagious and more lethal than Type S.
Looking to Sublease for Summer 2020
cog sci and data science double mjor
Old Laptop
[COVID-19 Megathread] COVID-19 Megathread
Berkeley Summer 2020 Courses
Best Berkeley property management companies
thoughts on math 172?
Why are people so panicked over things like the coronavirus, yet still drive cars?
Capitalism sucks
CS70 MT1?
Low GPA Alums
My throat is starting to hurt, should I be worried?
Charging Electric Cars in Apartments
Should I buy a boosted board?
Update email to the Corona Virus 😢😦
vbbbbbbb
Psych C61 grade bins
How does fafsa look like when you stay an extra semester?? As in 1 more semester from the normal 8 (assuming you get granted the 9th).
[Unverified]Sorry I don't want to get into trouble, so please make your own judgment on this video. I got this from a groupchat that only Cal student can join. Would be nice if someone find the relevant screenshot that's being mentioned in the video.
Two (very fluid) incubation periods later
Wash yo' hands bears
Berkeley regent scholarship interview
When you’re waiting for Berkeley to do something about corona virus but the only email they send is them asking for more money
How can I get one of my classes to be webcasted?
Botanical garden honey smell?
IM Sports
Hand sanitizers
Berkeley Health Department says public should expect more cases in the coming days.
Coronavirus in Berkeley because it couldn't get into Stanford
2020 Democratic Primary Exit Polls from Unit 1, Unit 3 Precincts
Make sure to properly quarantine your dorm fridges.
AN OFFICIAL LETTER TO OUR CAMPUS COMMUNITY
Econ 2 midterm
Rough first year
COVID-19 in Berkeley
Anyone willing to go in on 2 Tame Impala tickets with me?
Berkeley Resident Tested Positive for COVID19
Choosing which Research offer to take
A Berkeley resident has tested positive for COVID-19.
First positive test for COIVD19 in Berkeley.
Has anyone ever seen John Yoo on campus?
Should Big Tech Companies be Broken Up? Berkeley Economic Review is now accepting submissions for its Spring 2020 Essay Contest!
Where to get healthy-ish take out?
Matt Bradley highlights vs Colorado
Rec center/workout/basketball/Bay Area
Open letter to the Students of Professor Jonathan Shewhuk's 189 -who got the “panic and misinformation email”
Will i be excused for my absence if I’m sick?
How do you guys feel about the upcoming 16b midterm?
CS61C Coronavirus Planning: Crosspost from Piazza
How bad is it to renege on an internship offer?
Fin aid for 5th and 6th semester as transfer
VOTING HELP
Are you guys still traveling for Spring Break?
Summer Housing Berkeley
Fresh and clean
Don't panic guys, even if all Berkeley students get infected, only 80 of them will die as backed by this 50000 cases China-WHO joint report.(death rate for age group 10-39 is only at 0.2%)
Coronavirus is coming and not enough is being done!!!
_
fire?
My semesters at Berkeley so far as Harry Potter books
Housing offers
16a midterm
EE16A MIDTERM
Where to get masks?
Anyone else more concerned about the potential mass hysteria than the virus itself?
COVID-19: Fact that You Should Consider (U.S. vs S.Korea)
How to find a research problem in statistics and Bayesian modeling?
Best &amp; most affordable Cal Berkeley clothing
My Two Cents on the CS 189 Coronavirus Email
PSA: Track the California State COVID-19 outbreak at r/CoronavirusCA
Housing 2020-2021
Making it on a Ph.D. student stipend
What's looks better upon graduation BA in Economics with a 3.9 GPA or BA in Economics and Data Science with a 3.5?
Coronavirus is probably already on campus
Stat 155 over summer
PSA
GO AND VOTE TOMORROW. POLLS OPEN FROM 7AM-8PM
Coronavirus at Alta Bates?
Need advice for practicing conversational French
Remember to vote in the primaries tomorrow!
How to answer Regents question about what other schools you applied to?
Anyway to figure out who the prof interviewing me for Regents is?
ball
Difference between general and department commencement?
Dont come to lecture if you’re sick
Long time Cal fan site California Golden Blogs has evolved - Write for California
Hello! Please sign this if you think it's important to your health!
SIGN THIS IF U THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO YOUR HEALTH!
Is Berkeley as unlivable as I'm led to believe?
Petition to Close Campus due to COVID-19
Housing crisis?
Help me out by answering my survey on Universal Basic Income!
Summer classes help
Don't shake hands when greeting
dorming
(Looking for) Tips on moving to Berkeley
189 Coronavirus Email
CS Appeal Advice
Where is everyone?
Transferring without a high school diploma
BLUEBOOK VS. GREEN BOOK
tfw the DOD recruitment reaches out to me and asks if I wanna write code for them.
So you're telling us the DowJones is down 4,000 this week because of a sickness with a death rate of 2.3%...are you sure it is not something else?
Just saw someone cough into their mouth...
Smoking buddies
Young Nudy concert
yep
Leave of absence for a year?
Roommate wanted
How to find fwb?
Alameda County declares State of Emergency after healthcare worker tests positive
polling place question
where do queer girls meet each other at berkeley?
Confirmed Coronavirus case in Alameda County. Public Health Emergency declared by county.
$252 Million Raised for A New "Data Hub" Building; Largest Donation Ever!
Math requirement for econ?
Has anyone taken mcb c64 over summer?
If you’re a transfer applicant, and fail to fulfill ONE of the Seven Breadth requirements, will you lose your acceptance.
roommate wanted
Flu Season on Campus
EE 120 Study Tips
Flu Season on
Coronavirus &amp; influenza on Campus
UCEAP Subreddit
Largest gift in Berkeley’s history will create a ‘hub’ for advancing data science
When is the decision date for on-campus housing for continuing students?
Taking Haas prereqs at CC as nontransfer?
How does the unit 1 mailroom work?
CNR renamed Rausser College after $50 million donation from ARE Professor Gordon Rausser
People who have taken Hilfinger 61B in the past, how many extra credit points were offered in total?
Painting of Evans 9th floor bathroom
discord group for students who want to talk about yoga, or buddhism or taoist or martial arts, or any cool shit. college mindfulness and skill sharing... positive energy:)
discord group for students who want to talk about yoga, or buddhism or taoist or martial arts, or any cool shit. Lets go and train to be ninjas!
discord group for students who want to talk about yoga, or buddhism or taoist or martial arts, or any cool shit. Lets go and train to be ninjas!
math 16b midterm
How do you figure out if you're passing Vollhardt's class (3a)
Voting in the Primaries
Men's basketball got the 86-79 win in OT over Utah. But can we first appreciate the nice score at the end of regulation?
Are you lonely at UCB? I might have a solution or I might just sound idealistic or dumb. 🤙
Best spots stargazing near Berkeley
Chances of transferring to Berkeley with a 3.1
How is this college if you want to go into the gaming industry?
CS70 Tips
Anyone who transferred to UCBerkeley from a Canadian university?
where are people getting the piazza stickers from
What are the easiest minors in terms of class crossover with economics?
Any NASCAR fans here?
Livestream Results HERE!
How's everyone feeling about the 70 midterm?
Anyone know if Berkeley eecs heavily cares abt test scores like most state schools or if they value ECs more like Ivys?
[Ethical Apparel] Chance to win a hat + gift cards for your feedback!
[Ethical Apparel] Chance to win gift cards and a hat for your feedback!
How do you focus on school when feeling lonely?
CHEM 3A CURVE
61C sp15 (MIPS) vs 61C sp19 (RISC-V) for self-study
Housing Split
Question for Transfers
Don't want to sound paranoid, but if I'm sick, should I get tested?
COUGH INTO YOUR FUCKING ELBOW
niggga
is this normal
is this normal
Quick survey for chance at a free hat + gift cards !
Anonymity is top priority
Looking for Executives and Project Managers: PlexTech
Cost/Benefit Analysis of a Co-op?
Best student barbers?
eecs16a with Ranade
Nearest place to mail in ballot to Residence Hall 2?
Cost of Sonic Gigabit Fiber in Berkeley
Modification to Senior Year Schedule
Northside v Southside
New coronavirus case of unknown source in Santa Clara County
You’re so close to Hilfinger! Nice grey hoodie too!
Bars in Berkeley to hookup with singles?
Bringing my bike question
Bored to death trying to work on EECS16B
Why were there police guarding the entrance to crossroads ?
cs61b piazza close
Spanish 3 courses offered at any community colleges in area?
Anyone interested in Leetcode Premium?
Coronavirus Superthread
Need slides/viles for kids nature camp Creek collection
WANNA FIND A CS61A PARTNER
New design major?
Has RSF attendance changed within last couple weeks?
Fuck E7
hmu if you’re tryna glade
Exciting new Cal experience!
About the interviewer of BRG today
61B Midterm 2
Is Chem 3a with Vollhardt curved
Cal men’s basketball upsets #21 Colorado!
fellow warren supporters?
How to get tested for coranavirus?
And the campus is now failing us regarding coronavirus just like when they wouldn’t close the school during the fires
Access to Art Supplies?
Free ticket for the bball game against Colorado at 6pm
clipper card not working
How to study for EE16B and CS70?
How is the curve for CS 189?
Berkeley Marriage Pact - Data Analysis
How difficult would switching to online classes be?
Has anyone taken the Race and Law minor?
Cheese and Stuff- No foreign languages?
Stat W21 vs. Stat 20
Commute or off-campus
Organizing an event in a room if I'm not in a student org?
Is it usually easy to find roommates?
UberEats
English graduate program acceptance rate
Physics 105 isn't a big class and I'm not sure if Kam Biu Luk has a large fanbase, but you get the general idea
What’s the most peaceful place to take a dump on campus?
What are the odds Marc Fisher cancels classes for at least a few days this semester due to the coronavirus?
For housing, when do people usually start their lease?
Regents Interview Prep?
Low-cost Dental Cleanings at Diablo Valley College (Pleasant Hill/Concord)
Classes you took that made you think, “This is what I want to do”?
ASTRON 120, 121, 128 without ASTRON 7 series
First Corona Virus in Nor Cal Sacremento
niggga
this year, we beat stanfurd in football, basketball, w gymnastics, swim, and now baseball.
How are transfer students treated here?
Clubs that make you buy patagonia?
overseen on eecs discord server
Best Place to sell books?
overseen on eecs discord:
CDC Confirms first community transmission of coronavirus in the US
shewchuk
Does anyone know how grades are calculated on a curve?
why do people fliering never try to give me a flier
History 133A Midquiz
My Berkeley Barber-seers: Where do you go?
Was there any noticement about reddit meeting?
Cannot get Raspberry Pi 3 Model B to work on Airbears2
Has anyone ever gotten a grade from a past semester changed?
Black Cross on Forehead
1st US case of coronavirus of unknown origin in Northern California, a Sign that the virus may be spreading in a local area already
Modelo time
California Democratic Primary -- Seeking Voters
CS162 Symbol
Its time we get some cool flairs on here.
CS162 Symbol
Berkeley bathroom walls but online
its friday my nigga
Anyone interning/studying this summer in Tokyo?
Please help this kind and definitely not creepy sir find Olivia!
USA Today: Five of America's prettiest college towns (2020)
Midterm Study Tool
CS profs on reddit
Half Joking/Half Serious Coronavirus Question
Scientists at UC Berkeley found serious flaws in FBI Laboratory's decades old technique of "blue jeans" analysis, potentially undermining evidence used to win numerous convictions.
Football, basketball, and now baseball: Cal defeats Stanford 8-4
Live from crossroads with my best friend
Laminating a postcard?
CalCentral Enrollment Improvement Survey
The wizard’s house on Telegraph
UC Berkeley rises in Peace Corps rankings, remains all-time top volunteer producer
Found an iclicker
does anyone know what times in soda are there no labs going on?
Trouble Accessing the TSC Form
i have a huge 12-inch cock
An-yeong!!! Heheh ^_^
Getting really sick and think I have coronavirus. How to spread?
CS 170
question for those who've taken CSW186
Are there webcasts for classes that don't post them?
I made a redirect to make it easier to access the CS61B Course Website
Can anyone dm me the answers to the 61b practice midterms
Crossroads condiments
How can people be so stupid at Berkeley
Favorite things about Berkeley?
doable for summer?
Anyone willing to sell Anthro3AC notes?
I left my bag in Raleigh's - please help
Coronavirus
Which bars in Berkeley are a safe bet with fake IDs?
61a bin shift
Study group for cs61b and ee16a
SF Mayor declares state of emergency over coronavirus (in advance)
when midterms hit a little too hard
when midterms hit a little too hard and yeets your imposter syndrome into a full-blown inferiority complex
Can i work in soda overnight?
Off campus housing financial Aid With EFC of 0
Can anyone in E25 help with the HW?
math 16b spring 2018 midterm 1 with jon wilkening
We're putting on a FREE Comedy Show in Oakland called 'The Comedy Loft' Thursday 2/27 7:30pm and we'd love for you to join!
opinion: Regent's scholarship doesn't make sense
Final shot to see if anyone has hilfinger 2018 or 2019 midterm 1
How do I study with ADHD?
When does GBC start selling burritos?
Transfer Questions
Humanities majors: how the hell do you guys read so damn much?
Easiest classes?
Math 1A
Best Ramen walking distance from campus?
Did anyone not receive Regents after getting an invite?
nOt My ReSpOnSiBiLiTy
Regents and Chancellor’s interview
[Not Trolling] Tips for meeting new people?
Regents Interview Help
Illegible Homework submission received 0 - How far can I take this?
Any Haas, comm, econ students looking for a PAID [$20/hr] spring semester growth internship at a local tech co? (Stanford/Cal team)
Housing with EV charging?
Any online active berkeley poker groups?
Currently a CS Major takings Physics 7a, any downside to P/NP'ing it?
Who got CS61b Fall18 or Fall19 Midterm 1?
look at this nigga's cumsack
CS170 Help?
Request for insects for class collection
Ayyyyy nigga ITS FRIDAY
Failed Math 54 midterm :(
What does City of Berkeley mean by intersecting cross-streets?
summer classes registration???
Attorney General Barr will not resign; not before President Trump does. Barr is the same as Mueller, Schiff, Nadler, Pelosi: feign opposition to cover the true motive of obstruction to keep Trump in power. FBI Deputy Director Wray &amp; Supreme Court Justice Alito are on board also. See latest updates.
P/NP prerequisite
Emergency Drop Question
Does any live/ has lived in Fenwick? Can you tell me about the noise level?
Creating a Major in Behavioral Economics
*Male (age 18-22) Undergraduate Participants Needed For A Class Research Project*
Selling Week 2 GA + Shuttle Pass Coachella tickets
freshman ~vibes~
How hard are CS W186 midterms?
Experience with Berkeley Extension
If you’re wearing airpods and put your head clos to the lamp on top of moffit staircase
Study tip for CS 70
Campus Safety
Berkeley Pen 15 club
Off-campus housing for someone with no friends
Managing Anxiety with Organic Chemistry?
If I am a bear, why do I only take small shits
Free Copies of 61B MT1 Fall 2016
Relatively chill summer classes?
Math 115 vs 126?
Any Muslims in poly relationships here? How do you manage four girlfriends?
1924 Recolored Picture of Doe and the old Botanical Garden
global internship Dublin 2020
Need a letter of rec, but I haven't really ever talked to my professors or gsis.
When did you guys get your apartments?
Does anyone have recs on where to get laptops fixed?
Free: Two tickets to the BANFF film festival tonight 7:00p at wheeler hall
Can I write words of encouragement on my Physics 7A cheat sheet?
Anyone going to FKA Twigs 4/9?
Chem 3A midterm 1
UC Berkeley Extension Genetics Final
Thanks crossroads, definitely vegan
Berkeley is turning me into a psychopath
Application Help
Global internships
Physics 7A Past Exams
Can I bypass classes to declare?
cafe 3 serving sizes
Someone sent me a bag of poop in the mail and now I need to get it out of the dumpster to show police
MATH/STAT Courses for Exchange at UCB?
Tutors for Math 185?
Guarenteed bid during fall recruitment for sororities?
CS61B Textbook
CS61B Midterm
2306 Parker Housing
does caps even help lmao
Classes/professors to avoid in premed BioE? (yes, I know I'm fucked)
Mistake in Swapping/Dropping A Class
Do your part. Vote for Bernie in March
On nights like tonight...
Bioengineering (Wet-lab) Research Options for Freshmen?
Econ 138 midterm
In love with my GSI
Why is sahai
embroidered hat for my mom :)
anthro 3ac with Stefania pandolfo
Hat I made for my mom :)
Housing!!!
math 16b midterm
They’re going to show up sooner or later, here’s the plan:
Move out day for on campus housing
Call to all Berkeley/Bay Area Gays !
Yesterday's Gorgeous Sunset
Property companies and their reputation
CS70 Homework
how do I get help with physics 7A?? i'm 1000000000% sure i'm about to fail my midterm
has crossroads been recaptured
Places to watch Wilder vs Fury?
Should I try to lock down off-campus housing ASAP or take a Craigslist risk closer to summer for fall 2020?
Is there a way too look at my past application to Cal and the reader comments?
nigga
CS170 MT1 was a ride
Colors and shapes
In love with a squirrel on campus (please help)
where to get rings for fashion
Croads protest
Wild Turkeys Today in Front of Bowles Hall
Dear CS61B TAs...
Wild Turkeys Today in Front of Bowles Hall
Seeking people in Berkeley who love abstract art and clothing!
Steph Curry at the Cal Women’s Basketball Game Tonight
My first year at Berkeley be like
has anyone tried Quokka Brew?
It's that time of week again
How is Paulin's second midterm and final for Math 1B?
History 162B
Any up and coming artists / rappers / producers at Cal?
How to focus in class?
what to talk about in office hours?
The crossroads situation is a bit absurd
A bulletin
Hello female identifying friends! We have room in our house and would love to meet some more awesome Cal women! Come check out these next few nights! Tonight will include finances and a house tour! Come check it out! Free food and casual convos, no interview! :) Women of all backgrounds welcome!
Fun and convenient with meal plans. Hello female identifying friends! We have room in our house and would love to meet some more awesome Cal women! Come check out these next few nights! Tonight will include finances and a house tour! Come check it out! Free food and casual convos, no interview! :)
Help
Cancelling housing contract
Hello from Santa Cruz where grad students are on strike for a cost of living adjustment so they can live without rent burden. They have currently shut down both entrances to campus and are asking you to join them #COLA4All!
Decision notification
The Liberal Economists Behind the Wealth Tax Debate
DeCal Question
Anyone Else Have a Cold?
does gbc have bagels and a toaster
dining halls
math 1b advice
[MicroFrustration] Post-shit depression
How much will you pay for a completed 61b project?
cs61b HWs
Can we get a running list of all the characters that are or were on campus?
Friend problems at Cal
Hilfinger 61B Exams
Music practice rooms with a piano that can fit a string ensemble?
Glenn Yasuda, who made Berkeley Bowl internationally known for its excellent produce, dies at 85
math 16b with jon wilkening
CS61a
a thread for those who just took the cs170 midterm
ROHP Questions
math1b midterm scores
why am i so dumb
CS 70 with an Internship (Job?) This Summer
CS61B Hilfinger's Lectures
Anyone else barely on track to pass 61C so far
Any chill clubs/sororities/orgs still taking members?
CS 70 Pace of Course
Math 53 Curve?
Can I swipe homeless people into the dining halls ?
unofficial transcript
Study Abroad
Canvas Sucks. My friends and I created an app to replace it.
Replace Canvas for the Classroom, and support a Berkeley Startup by Berkeley students
LS 177 Review
really hate tablet arm chair desk
a few months ago i promised i'd buy ppl gold if i got into grad school...
Any co-ed frats or clubs still looking for new members?
Lost 40oz black hydro flask w tons of stickers in Hearst Mining 390 or Moffitt 145
AG Barr will not resign. Not before the President does. AG Barr is the same as Mueller, Schiff, Nadler, Pelosi: feign opposition to cover the true motive of obstruction to keep Trump and in power. Wray and Alito on board also. See latest updates.
HELP! confused about Stats / Haas double major class overlap
The highlight of my day is the cashier at GBC who calls me sweetie
CS upper div comparison
Join graduate students today for an AMA about the ongoing strike at UCSC for a Cost of Living Adjustment!
Boardgames?!?
Housing Options for Non-Students
Physics 7A vs. Physics 5A
*Undergraduate Students (18-22 age) Needed For A Class Research Project*
Manage my keys site down?
I'm super bad at doing 61B HWs and labs
When do we start picking classes for fall 2020?
61a over summer
5 more years! Bear for life.
5 year EECS Masters
Comment if you’ve never kissed or dated someone
Do the CS lower divs do a good job of introducing the various subfields of cs?
Looking for LoL team
61C people whaddya think of the midterm
I got in!!!!!
Person on college whose scooter i can hear a mile away
How do the avg's look on 61C midterms?
Best places to smoke around campus?
Question about Econ C142
Another cliche post about being alone and depressed at Cal
Need new housing at UC Berkeley
Advice for lost engineering hopeful
Which security principles does having everyone leave their identical black bags at the front of the 161 exam violate?
Dumpling Express closed indefinitely?!
CS &amp; ORMS double major requirement
What is the phi beta kappa honor society and should I join?
Love this beary much
Am I the only one who likes eating alone?
Accidently stared at a girl in lecture (please help)
What is the point for the Blackwell thermostat?
PHYSICS 111A reading
Hindi or French?
*Undergraduates Participants Needed For A Class Research Project*
Best on campus apartment?
Are there any good 2 units classes for this Summer?
Taking R1B online in the summer
Where to watch the democratic debate on campus?
feeling a little screwed over by advising
math 16b with jon wilkening
Best Bento Box around here?
Philosophy 3 Essay Prompt?
Seriation Project - Anthro 2AC
Chill or lesser known views/spots on campus?
What is Engin 7 like compared to 61a?
Go Bears!
Good jobs for students
Why does it seem like nothing is actually taught in EE16A/B?
Northside Gyms?
Purchasing an Arduino Uno
Bear with me.
Summer Campus Housing Info for Internship
As a Cogsci major I'm considering taking Math 55 over the summer instead of CS70, is it doable?
Constantly feeling like I'm going to crap myself
Would it be bad to mass email students this?
Funny/wholesome homeless ig
Anyone who recently signed up for the co-ops and can share their approximate waitlist number?
Fitness
STAT C8 vs CS C8 over Summer (for CS &amp; CogSci)
Goodbye Gong Cha, we’ll miss you
Off campus apartment housing for the fall
Anyone in E25 wanna compare answers for HW3??
Anti-Israel Protesters Disrupt Talk by Renowned Holocaust Scholar Deborah Lipstadt at UC Berkeley
8 units over the summer? CS 70 / R1B
Funny homeless ig
CS70, CS61C, STAT 134/140 doable in fall?
When does Evans Hall open in the morning?
Best food in Berkeley?
How can I get into Track and field/running?
16b
Anyone who got in Berkeley eecs oos before, can u share stats pls?
CS70 Open For Enrollment Over Summer!
CS70 Open for Enrollement Over Summer!
Classics 17B Quizlet?
Clubs in Summer
Wanna play Pokémon Black/ White?
Should I take CS 61A over the summer? (prospective math/CS major at MIT)
What the fuck is wrong with the wifi here
Swingers
can i still declare CS?
Helicopter
late dropped 61b
TBP invites?
recording studio/place with good acoustics
falsely flagged for cheating in CS61A :(
is moffitt open right now?
where to find Soft Ice
Why is late night at crossroads closed on Friday and Saturday nights?
Anyone here a regents recipient?
Lucky stoner
Robbery with Handgun on West Side of Campus
Where can I get the best Acai Bowl around here?
Transfer out of berkeley?
Anybody know what time Moffitt reopens?
What are the pros and cons of each on-campus housing option at Berkeley?
Is Econ C175 hard without taking Econ 100B or 100A? How are the midterm and final and what do they reflect? Are they lecture and homework based? Do I need to do the readings?
Berkeley Loser's Club
how likely is it for a sophomore to get on campus housing?
unpopular opinion: cs &gt; eecs (clout)
Discord server to network and discuss finance and economics
20-21 Senior with no potential roommates. Missed student housing deadline. Yo 😎
If you're studying abroad in fall 2020, I'm interested in subletting starting in the summer
Can AP Physics C satisfy the physics requirement for bioengineering?
How do you stay motivated in cs 61b?
Untrash East Bay
Running buddy
Really not vibing with this building guys...
Is MLK open during President's day?
Smash Ultimate Friendlies
Math 1B w/ Paulin
Dating in Berkeley?
Is CS in BA count as a stem major ?(OPT related)
Is CS In BA count as a stem major ?
I have a question about a friend who flunked out.
Question for Arch students: How is Wurster?
B.A. in CS vs B.S. in CS
An interested in becoming a cop after college?
Any restaurants hiring?
Running buddy
BioE 105
social media app name
61A Hog Contest. Why is everyone hating on this ‘Top Hog’ person? They definitely seem pretty cool to me ;)
How are Berkeley art studio classes?
Rock climbing
Snackpass code
help for a depressed bear
bathroom reading
Summer Public Health Minor
CS61ABCDHASSMCBEECSCHEMEL&amp;SDATACOGSCI HELP
Help I am bored
What does it mean to be “pro-Israel” or “pro-Palestine”
Syllabus for ESPM C12/Eng C77: Intro To Environmental Studies
We have a new building that’s uglier than Evans
Is cs162 , cs 170, a/c doable?
Berkeley tries on a new movement: the quest to create housing
nüt
What is the shortest+easiest route: from sproul plaza to stern hall
Grad Courses
hs students being obnoxious on campus this weekend
Where can I find a drum kit?
Best Korean Restaurant near campus? (Southside)
Psychology 1 past exams/surviving tips?
summer online class
What’s the college eating scene like?
Student Discount on Enterprise Car Rentals
Anyone had an incredibly young GSI?
Who’s teaching Cs61B next semester? Fall 2020
The largest museum in the world (GEM) 2020
A server dedicated to opinions, knowledge, and theory: Sciences (Math, physics, programming), Philosophy, Psychology, &amp; more (including MBTI, Enneagram, Cognitive Functions for casual enjoyment) Political discussions and debates are also welcomed. Come engage in mind-stimulating discussion.
How do I find off-campus housing for 6 people??
cs61bl over summer
Summer Forestry Minor
Creepy stories of the UC Berkeley Campus
Math 55 during summer
Political Science 4
UCB MIMS Interview help
So the summer cs70 situation
What are the most essential Econ upper division electives for an economics major? Interested in learning more not the easiest classes.
highschool senior with a dilemma! please help out!
Cannabis consumption data of Berkeley students?
Laptop for EECS?
Mental health question. Help?
Pros/cons of living in northside vs southside:
Some of the buildings on campus this week were also on campus last week. That's what I like to see.
Pretty pathetic that Cal is the #1 public university in the world yet the students don’t know how to recycle/compost. Or maybe they just don’t give a shit and can’t bother to try. Lol either way y’all lame.
Really sad that Cal is the #1 public university yet its students don’t even know how to compost/recycle. Damn y’all.
Anyone know what's going on with all the cops?
"Impeachment" Is A Diversion And Delay - Part II: Blocking of the "impeachment" witnesses was collusion planned before the new year. Listen to an FBI agent's disclosure from January 1, 2O2O here. President was to resign late summer securing election for DNC. See latest updates.
Chanting at 3am last night
can i get in?
CS61c + CS162 during summer?
ROHP regents program
ME 104 and ME 110 over the summer
Data 100 and Data 8 at the same time
I regret not banging my way through Berkeley
Readmission to the university during summer term
croads spittin bars tonight
cog sci classes?
Are you allowed to take CS 70 and 170 at the same time?
CS 189 without 70
Help Wanted
diagram of all my rejections for the spring 2020 app cycle lmaoo
You can get 5 free counseling sessions at the Tang center for free.
For those who play rec sports at Cal, how does it affect your overall happiness?
Professor Ula Taylor talks about the women behind the Montgomery bus boycott
Taking 70 before 61B?
Help Earthquakes in Your Backyard Class
Anyone wanna debug signpost together
137A with 5A and 89?
Borrow drawing tablet
Five vertical and five horizontal photo girl???
Roses are red, violets are blue
feelin a little numb
how hard is it to switch majors?
Has Berkeley's "pseudo-rigour" destroyed anyone else's passion for learning?
Has Berkeley "pseudo-rigor" destroyed anyone else's passion for learning?
How do people manage their time so well?
Roses are red, violets are blue,
A Valentine’s Day Simp
Coop chances
61B Hilfinger MTs
alcohol violation...
why is there such a lack of chain restaraunts in berkeley?
water in units is perpetually and miserably cold
What is ISF (Interdisciplinary Studies) Like?
sometimes i wonder if coming here was the worst decision of my life
The state of crossroads
Offering help with CS/SE
Hiking Tomorrow?
Is it impossible to change a dorm room (since it's already the fourth week of school?)
What's wrong with those ppl who walk on the left-hand side of sidewalk, but don't yield
How hard is it for someone oos to get into eecs compared to instate?
Learn drumming for free?
61C Midterm Prep
Alone again this year
So lost about majors and what to do with my life
Math W53 Over Summer
I have to drop out of school now
I have to drop out of school now
Stephen J Gould on Intelligence Tests
Stephen J Gould on Intelligence Tests
Does UC Berkeley give a key/code/license for solidworks?
Have the Chinese tourist buses stopped coming in?
What else does UCB look at besides GPA for transfers?
Why does living not make sense?
please don't expend my one and only late drop it's only my 1st year...
Is it impossible to apply for a MSCS if I already have one?
Remember that Cal Dating App from a few weeks ago?
The long awaited review of GBC bananas
Deciding a major
Sad and single on Valentine’s Day?
Anyone happen to have a basketball ticket for tomorrow’s game against Arizona that they aren’t using?
Leeteuk and Cal
Waitlisted Past Drop Deadline
Best places to stargaze in Berkeley?
Valentine's Day Events?
Has anyone joined the military part time after graduating?
If I am taking summer classes and I am eligible for financial aid, does it cover housing as well? (Will be living in dorms)
Help a Prospective Freshman Choose...UCB Data Science vs. UCLA Data Theory
When it's 2020 and there are still four people viewing Hug's 61B slides simultaneously
Did anyone get rejected from Haas?
AirBears2 Doesn't Work with Chrome
What should I get at your momma's house?
Did you lose an AirPod?
Research
How the hell is cal housing even allowed to charge 1500 a month?
Hokibet188 Situs Judi Slot Games,Bandar Bola Terpercaya
How hard is Econ 136 and 140?
Math 54 Midterm 1 Cheating?
If anyone has been in a similar situation or has any helpful info, please comment. Thank you.
Need textbook pdf pls
Unless you need the make up points for CS61A...
Celtic Studies 129
Math 49?
Paper cutter access on campus?
Exciting opportunity to take a survey!
ASUC committee votes 'no' on resolution that would condemn BFP - A speaker...requested to remain anonymous for fear of personal attack, came forward and said they planned to join the Israel Defense Forces after their graduation to “eliminate Palestinian nationalism and Palestinians from the world.”
Have a story about getting rejected from a consulting club? Trying to join one now? Want to be on the radio?
Psych or Cogsci?
Dumb Question about CS minor
Berkeley free clinic interview process
Cut it with the bullshit high school attitude
Question regarding readmission? One semester left for degree.
What would you like your TA or CSM Mentor to do?
Dining hall rant + question
Question about URAP
Does the Cumulative Units indicator on CalCentral include units currently being taken?
What Should I Get At Sheng Kee?
Waitlist after drop deadline
Project first, spiderman later
Ehrman Unit 2 Elevator
CS 70 over summer
Hair dresser recommendations?
cs 61a - copying solutions - what to do now?
Question about adding CSM p/np unit
Ask out your crush!
URGENT PEOPLE TAKING COGSCI1 PLEASE HELP
[Sh*tpost] "What's it like living as a student in Berkeley?"
I don't know what to do about my academics at Cal. I need advice.
Is the deadline to drop tomorrow at 11:59? Or today?
If anyone needs a playlist to study to, this one really keeps me focused :)
189 for 20-21
What did you get for CS61A midterm 1?
Scored just below the mean for CS61A, will I still be able to get a B+ and declare?
How hard is stat 88?
Hug teaching 61B Fall+Spring next year
Got my 61a MT1 score have a quick question.
Got my 61A midterm 1 score have a question?
Got my 61A midterm 1 score a few questions
Declaring CS major in College of Letters and Sciences
Prospective EE PhD student: Question about culture and program
I thought a midterm was today but instead it’s a month from now.
P/NP and Grad School
Are there any low-key easy classes I could add at this point in the semester?
61C Project Extensions
andrew yang why
Dry Cleaning?
Soccer pick up games
Got yelled at by a professor during office hours =/
Eassay&amp;assignment Assist
This is not okay. Student literally vowed to "Eliminate Palestinians from the world" in front of a room full of Palestinian Students. Nobody's doing anything about it
study abroad global studies japan in Meiji Gakuin Uni
Saw a parked car (photographed) on Telegraph between Durant and Bancroft get backed into by another car... Perpetrator did not leave info... I have picture of their license plate so PM me
Warning against Campus Dental Care. There are much better dental offices out there.
Denero/CS61a staff appreciation post.
Anyone in regents wants to room for on campus apartment next year
Any low cost root canals available near campus? I am being charged $800 after insurance at local Berkeley dentist.
Math 54 midterm 1
Grad School
Cam Bynum’s 2020 goal - The Rose Bowl
places with standing desks?
A fucking nerd
CS 61A
denero
how screwed am I? (cs61b)
Is anyone else getting tired of asian girls not paying attention to them?
why do apartments have applications
[CS61C] Tfw haven't started philspel yet
Tech Resume Template
What did y'all score on the CS61A midterms and what was your final grade?
How many hours a day do you guys spend studying outside of class?
What is the midterm and final like for Music 27?
Denzel Curry and Rico Nasty Concert
61a midterm
Hello fellow classmates, I created the FIRST UC Berkeley Meme Review.
Any International or Philosophy breadths?
Suitcase Clinic
Arbitrator says UC Berkeley owes its computer science TAs $5 million
#1 University
Commuting optimization problem
Happy early valentines day y’all :)
Get free pizza, boba and loads of discounts by using the invite code “gocal” on snackpass!
They misassigned every 61a midterm seat in Wheeler 150
How hard is it to find single semester housing?
Will Chem 3B be recorded during summer?
EEP CNR
Professor Roland Holst Exams?
CS 70 and Linear Algebra
Internship hunt is killing me
Stress culture? Should my kid go to Cal?
Have anyone else wanted to major in maths despite not much previous experience?
Mental Health and CS 70
Campus computers with matlab
Where did the redbull car go?
Someone left these glasses next to the benches in a circle in the courtyard between lewis and hildebrand!!!
Any musicians want to play a show?
They were playing my song..
Best way to get revenge?
Part II: Impeachment Is A Diversion And Delay - Blocking of the "impeachment" witnesses was collusion planned before the new year. Listen to an FBI agent disclosure from January 1, 2O2O here. President Trump was to resign late summer securing election for Biden. See latest updates.
Slightly different angle... The light isn't as good
Math 1A for CS
Clear skies after all that wind
Poli Sci 179 Spring 2020
When we grew up and went to school, there were certain teachers who would hurt the children any way they could
chem1a shusterman help!!!
Berkeley emails after graduation?
CS 70/170 webcasts
Seeking Advice on Olney's 100B Midterms
Did anyone else just get disconnected from airbears?
What is everyone thinking of Stat 88 so far?
Question about First-Year Pathways
When do Co Op housing offers for the fall semester typically come out?
Data Science Interview Guide
Whole Foods Crush
Question about SEEDS Scholars
Flower Delivery
Target Crush
This view!!wow
duo mobile not remembering me
drawing opportunities at Berkeley
Anyone got links to UC Berkeley Speedruns
Where to play Pick-up soccer, Berkeley?
Is Chou Hall open on Sundays?
Advice for an International Student Invited to Regents’ Interview for EECS
i hate AirBears2
Advice for Regents Social Science interview?
Lots of wind today. Where is the PG&amp;E power shutoff?
Its friday BlackNigga2, Ballllllllllllllll OUT!
friday n i g g a
I'm glad this stuff doesn't happen here at UCB
View from the Top: Craig Federighi [EECS '91, SVP Software Engineering @ Apple]
When is the deadline to accept School Housing. Also, need advice on housing. Specifics in post.
Is there any way to drop a EDD course even if its past the deadline?
61 mt1 practice exams
Why do so many people break up from their partners before valentines day???
How was today's tedx you guys
Any Ex-Muslims around Cal?
eecs minor p/np cs61c?
math 1b with paulin
Question about Undergraduate Admissions Update Form
How do y'all find CS70 with Sahai
Questions about apartments?
CS61C Project 1 - in desperate need of help
Anyone in English 45a and 45b on monday?
Datamatch is now live at UC Berkeley!
61A Midterm Advice
Advice on how to do well in MCB 165? (Didn’t take 160)
How do i know if I will receive any type of refund from the school?
Dance Dance Revolution?
How hard are weaver 61C midterms
Any producers out there??
I’m in shock. Any information on the Regents Scholarship?
How to go about petitioning for an extra semester?
I’m still in shock, any information about the Regents Scholarship?
I’m still in shock, any information about the Regents Scholarship?
I’m still in shock, any information about the Regents Scholarship?
What time during the day does Haas release decisions?
looking for internships
Does anyone know where to get the permission code to sign up for UGBA 10?
Do I ha e to go to registration for the Ted Talk? I already have my ticket
SF Bart vs NY MTA
Cosmic Pluralism Studies
[EVENT] Newt Nite! Mating newts, trivia, good times .... 2/13/20
Why You Should NOT Join DSP/Rho, BAP, AKPsi, PSE, and/or Theta Tau
its friday nigga ball out
Just Got Into Berkeley, But Have a Few Concerns
L&amp;S CS declare rate
Wall Ball Courts?
Do any buslines go from Bancroft to Cory Hall?
ucsd to ucberk transfer
Haas decisions release time?
just got rejected by all the business clubs that I applied to this semester
Does this mean a RIP for MET hopes?
where can i buy plants around here
Where is the original HornyAsianBro??
Any advice?
Regents and Chancellor
Language course over summer?
Lawsuit Claims Berkeley High School Officials Failed to Report Attempted Rape
Math 1b GSI recommendations?
Question for Econ + UGBA Double Majors
Data 8 partner
Take a shot every time someone at the Democratic Debates says “Racism”
Do you think Tang covers penis reduction surgery??
Sometimes berkeley takes it too far.
Does here anybody watch lck?
Student perspectives on MET EECS?
Experiences with house hunting?
So I just got into UC Berkeley and I got regents at UCLA. Both in L&amp;S. I'm interested in CS as a minor or potentially a major with a minor but didn't want engineering curriculum.
Newsletter that nerds out about about the Bay Area food system
FOR THE LAST TIME, I DON’T WANT TO BE A GBO LEADER
Best burgers in Berkeley
bro
Out near the volleyball court at Clark Kerr
Another morning from the top of Evans
essay contests
Got the email the week after I graduated in 2018
studying at soda hall?
Applying to clubs is the college equivalent of saying “Hi, can I be your friend?” in kindergarten
still feeling lonely
The sunset was so nice this evening, I love the bay area :)
how do i get more likes on tinder
Thoughts on EECS 127? Is it worth it to take the class?
backup classes bc cs61a makes me cry
I based my consulting club applcation all on nepotism
How to actually network?
How can I work towards a better future while also enjoying the present at Berkeley?
help
How do I find clubs on campus?
ECON 105
What I didn’t expect when I chose UC Berkeley
ECON 140 Carson
Only on Telegraph.
Anyone in EPS 3 have HW 1?
UGBA 133 Sam Olesky
Looking for Housing for next Academic Year
Does anyone have a dab rig?
Only on telegraph.
Only on telegraph.
Music/fashion/modeling
How is SASIAN 1B with Farooqi?
ENROLLING IN RESEARCH UNITS
Where to meet people?
Yesterday's PINPOINT sunset behind the Golden Gate Bridge!
Brad Berkeley
someone see dayglow with me!
any visual arts student groups on campus?
What I didn’t expect when I chose UC Berkeley
Who the fuck is the guy that preaches on Sproul like ten hours a day
Am I trippin or is the Math 1b HW insanely long.
Airbears2 won't work on my Chromebook, does anyone know why??
Why are there no protests?
Thrift
BasketballCourt/Park
WAIT who is ted and why is he talking on saturday?
oof
Ted Talk on Saturday!! Who’s going?
Brown Rice
places around Berkeley that will give u free shit on ur birthday?
Weed and Sleep
Where can I find band aids
Looking for a Microsoft Excel GOD to do some freelance work
Do I have to put 5th option as any room for on-campus housing?
Is it a bad idea to a breadth right now
Can't join free &amp; for sale
What is Math N53?
Why are ML@B and Launchpad so hard to get into?
Why are ML@B and Launchpad so hard to get into?
Global Internships Program Experiences?
Advice for Coffee Chat!
Most units in a single semester?
Where can I buy a really fresh banana
RA Position
English C107 Bible as Literature is missing from the Course Capture/Webcast archive
business frats
Am I tripping or did anyone else that was awake at the unholy hour of about 5 am last night feel a small earthquake?
HS Senior here; got an email about a week ago about berkeley 1098-T form?
Happy Birthday Trayvon Martin
Win free money!
Springboard UX Design Student - Looking for participants for a study
Who else is at Maximum Overdrive?
Which Colleges Feed Berkeley's Grad school?
Emerson Elementary School PTA fined for showing ‘The Lion King’ at movie night
Fml
Consulting Club Interview Reject
Honestly how hard will stat134(kolesnik) be after taking cs70?
Course Audit/Course Capture for Psych 1?
Just finished Hog
How to do well in stat 140?
anyone cut hair in Berkeley for cheap?
finding a summer job/internship as a psych major
Fuck Pearson
Academic Probation Workshop
UC Berkeley receives 88,026 freshman and 20,414 transfer applications for Fall 2020
61C before 61B?
Anyone else super lost on the hw for ee16a?
pls send me textbook
Where do Berkeley course numbers come from?
Lost wallet (Card case) today :(
Free Boba on Snackpass with Invite Code SNACKS100
Anyone in or has been in IEOR 191 (Technology Entrepreneurship) with Naeem Zafar?
Interested in writing/photography/graphic design?? Caliber is for you :)
Trying to walk through Sproul (circa 2020, colorized)
Lost blue leather wallet near Shattuck and Hearst Ave
econ 100A without econ 1/2
Anatomy of a Berkeley "airbnb" Rental Scam– Important info if you're looking for an apartment for next semester
Today's beautiful sunset from Campbell Hall
Berkeley Daily Timelapse
Money problems.
anyone in E25 with lieu?
How useful is Data 8?
How Do I Tell My GSI I Love Her
The virgin economist vs the Haas Chad
Cal Incel Club?
PartII: Impeachment Is A Diversion &amp; Delay - Blocking of "impeachment" witnesses was collusion planned before the new year. Listen to an FBI agent disclosure from 1Jan2020 here. President to resign close to election securing it for Biden. See latest update.
61C Project Cheating Scandal 😰
UGBA 135 Blank page
New Men's Fashion Startup
Global Internship Ideas for PoliSci Major?
Milk crate as a bike rear basket?
"Berkeley rejected 76% of qualified applicants without even considering their teaching skills, their publication history, their potential for academic excellence, or their ability to contribute to their field."
How do I stop becoming bitter over my Tinder experience at Cal?
Taking Physics 111A and Data 8 at the summer together
Wifi
Dentist recommendations
not a SCAM!
Washington Redskins' name, Native mascots offend more than previously reported
STAT 134 Quizzes
how dumb of an idea is it to late add 61a right now
is it too late to switch classes? If not, can anyone recommend a solid breadth/math course?
Lost Items in Soda
Where can I play the piano
How well does CSM teach and prepare you for CS61a/b/c/70 and EE16a/b classes?
URAP research: when do professors start reaching out?
What usually happens with midterm conflicts?
Anyone do the London + Paris study abroad program?
Charisma Vs Networking?
Update winter grades?
Any public speaking opportunities on campus?
Social Welfare vs Sociology?
Any current students interested in a free lunch tomorrow(2/4/20) in exchange for a few Facebook post?
LEVELS BARBER &amp; SHOP - THE BEST PLACE FOR HAIRCUTS NEAR CAMPUS
Enrolling in less than 13 units
LEVELS BARBER &amp; SHOP - THE BEST PLACE NEAR CAMPUS FOR HAIRCUTS HANDS DOWN
THE BEST PLACE FOR HAIRCUTS NEAR CAMPUS
Can anyone go to the food pantry?
Advice on how to balance CS61C and CS70?
people who talk at full volume at moffit 5th floor need help
What are signs that Data 8 will be a terrible run for you?
Can someone give me insight on ABA and Valley consulting...
Weekly non-sober game group!
BIO 1A LAB WORKSHEETS HELP
Econ being a STEM major?
1 dead, 5 wounded in California LA-&gt;Oak Greyhound bus shooting (Lots of Berkeley students take this route)
CS Interview Screening Help
ATO - Die Board Being Stolen
Haas Online Interview
Michelle Baptiste (ColWrit R4B) - is she tough?
Fs in the chat
Anyone interested in a support group?
Off Campus Housing for Non-Student?
Berkeley Law Library
Anyone interested in joining an IM Flag Football team?
asuc amazon berkeley
It’s time for a new People’s Park
Where do I buy a bike?
Anyone play corridos ?
Enrollment for Summer Sessions 2020 is now open for Berkeley students.
Need advice- Emailed I would get dropped for not I-Clicking during first lecture
Primary Sources
Any new grads dating current students?
If you like pinegrove pm me
Applying for CS/consulting clubs next semester
Free House and Fake IDs?
Curse you CS61a Hog Project
Throwback to a relaxing day by the Campanile
Lair of the Golden Bear?
Experience at Cloyne (coops)
What led to Berkeley having a large Chinese international student population?
Why does Berkeley admit so many international Chinese students?
SASIAN 142?
to all my fellow premeds
Where is 'clinic 1' if I have an appointment at the Tang center?
On-campus housing: Chance of getting a single room (as a continuing student w/ Junior standing)?
My roommate is a druggy pothead addict. What do I do?
Clubs / Orgs I can still join now
Baked af?
Becoming the Oski mascot
Data Science Interview Prep
Michelle Baptiste or Tyler Blakeney for RnC B
2nd case of Corona in Bay Area.
What is Group Chalking??
YMCA
Second Case of Coronavirus in Bay Area Confirmed
General Questions About Clubs
How is MUSIC 108 : Music Perception And Cognition?
What did u do when u were rejected from all ur clubs/research positions ur first yr?
Help me end my year-long food truck quest!
On campus Housing
Islamophobia and Constructing Otherness
Looking for course recommendations
Looking for course recommendations
Looking for course recommendations
Looking for course recommendations
Looking for course recommendations
Looking for course recommendations
Looking for course recommendations
Are Berkeley Summer Sessions worth it?
Azanis Official Website
so drunk rn
Is the on campus housing application that just opened first come first serve?
Where to watch the super bowl in Berkeley?
Data 8
Psych 162 - do we need to do the readings?
Passing out of Econ 1
Place to buy nice postcards?
Wada Hall Heaters
Xenophobia
People with ADHD - where do you go for treatment around here?
Places in Berkeley to get good helmet?
What happens if Trump wins in November?
Where can I buy swim goggles for cheap?
Hi, are you single? If so:
UC Berkeley, others accused of fueling racism amid Coronavirus outbreak
Spotted a handsome boi outside Sproul (IG: @uc.barkeley)
So uhh what does everyone think about small tits?
LAUNCH team looking for a computer engineer
Cal MBB defeats Oregon State 69-67!
I take back every lazy thought I've ever had about citations
I'm drowning in work
Does berkeley sell or dispose of old lab equipment (oscilloscopes, function generators, etc) somewhere?
Free Tutoring Resource
workload about hist 7B and Pol Sci 1
Skipped two meals
PSA HEALTH ADVISORY: SHENG KEE BAKERY
Pokemon Go
Stay away from Li Ka Shing today
Advice on choosing research (from someone that's done URAP or other research)?
Coming from Canada, it's amazing that this is what winter looks like
Coming from Canada, it's amazing that this is what winter looks like
CSM Decision
Gel nail tech recommendations?
Sunset Photo Time *crab claws*
If your power was shut off by PG&amp;E during the planned power shutoff, would you mind answering a few questions for an Industrial Design student?
Why do I see so many WMAF couples but not AMWF couples?
Controversial Thoughts on International Students in my Program
Can we do something about those homeless people next to Chipotle?
Looking for 61C online pdfs for textbooks
Charged Three times for Flex Dollars
Study tips for bio 1B
Tyler Blakeney for RnCB - French R1B
Anybody drink alone?
Referred to Google
Parking in Southside
Global studies/business admin dual major?
Anybody here play badminton at UC Berkeley Rec open courts?
AC Transit stepping up their game 🚎
Technical Interview Possibility + Prep
cs70 homework
Anxiety?
Tennis racket restring?
Masks Are On. Games Are Canceled. Fear of the Coronavirus Comes to U.S. Colleges.
Masks Are On. Games Are Canceled. Fear of the Coronavirus Comes to U.S. Colleges.
First case of coronavirus in the Bay Area
ASE CS61A Summer Tutor
No picture can do justice to this view (Sather Tower, Berkeley)
Sproul Club Tables
when do people typically start looking for fall housing?
Meet the man behind Boalt Hall's denaming
Kroeber, Anthro, and LeGuin
its friday ball out
Life science jobs at Berkeley give precedence to candidates’ diversity and inclusion statements
Campus late at night is mesmerizing
If You Want 2 MCB Units And/Or You're Interested In Stem Cells, Take My DeCal!
Girl Scout cookies
If you use a laundromat, you might find this protip useful.
‘Stop normalizing racism’: Amid backlash, UC-Berkeley apologizes for listing xenophobia under ‘common reactions’ to coronavirus
Celtics 129 (T. Walsh)
Berkeley to Allow Cannabis Consumption in Lounges
it's getting hard to keep being
Anthro 3AC
Less competitive CS clubs
Does anyone have experiences feeling guilty with professors who seem to overwork themselves/make themselves *too* available to students?
iClicker question
1098-T Form Online Access
I’m a tattoo apprentice in San Francisco looking for people to help me build my portfolio ❤️ if you’re interested send me a message on Instagram @brittnaami or email me @ brittnaami@gmail.com
AFRICAM 156AC syllabi’s
Clubs or tutor that helps you improve your oral communication skills
How to study for Chem 1A?
Interview for research position
UC Berkeley University Medal Qualification Gift (3.96+ GPA) was a sugar cookie
Tamales on Sproul?
Networking Decal
PPIA fellowship 2020
Looking for artists
Chief of Police mood
Cards Against Humanity 2/1 @ 8
Loving the Berkeley sunsets (raw)
Uhhh this ain’t it
Starting a New Team at Berkeley
We're only 2 weeks into the semester and there's already drama in class Piazza pages - Math 53
Coronavirus reaccs
espm 50ac with worthy
anthro 3ac with stefania pandolfo
Lost Earbuds in black case in Dwinelle 155
If you have 5-7 mins to spare, I would really appreciate it if you filled out this quick research survey about social interactions in college!
What happened to Delta Sigma Pi?
Student Help
What are some good Southside/Elmwood cafes to minimize laptop thefts?
Thank you cs classes
Berkeley Law School Drops Boalt Name Over Racist Legacy
Housing This Late Into the Sem?
Do NOT go to Alley Kitchens on Telegraph
Music27 attendance?
Where are your favorite Vegan restaurants near campus and what dishes?
Should I drop cs61b? Feeling very stressed
It’s been a week and the semester is already rough. Here’s a nice sunset (raw)
Join the Berkeley tech subreddit!
Depressed and therapy is not working. Antidepressants seem risky, do they actually work?
How are summer semesters at UC Berkely? I'm a Vancouver student looking to do an exchange here
What are my chances at the co ops?
Reddit Meetup?
Crushing on a CS major
ay man ball out
Any short cooking classes in Berkeley to learn the basics?
Snowflake?
61B+16B+Data8 for data science major
How to start dating
Eggs Benedict?
Math 104 (Analysis) w/Miller
FREE RSF TRAINING AND FITNESS COURSES
Help students learn the C programming language and data structure with visualizing the execution of C code.
Help students learn C with visualizing the execution of C code. It works with C++ too.
Why I waited this long to block you Carol? I don’t know.
Is there a point going to Career internship fairs as a sophomore
Does media studies have a supplemental app for transfer students?
Parking near CNMAT?
UGBA 10 study.net readings
Breadth requirements
This a reminder that everyone on this campus is a sociopathic liar
To IEOR People: What’s it like doing the easy version of engineering for Amateurs?
Eating Disorder Treatment Study -Female Participants Wanted
This is a reminder that everyone you talk to is a fake, psychotic lier at this campus
EE opinions?
A useless rant
History of American Capitalism
Thanos did nothing wrong
OH of prof Crommie
Any tips for 61C? It's started fast and I'm a bit confused rn
investment advice
Why is this "company" invited to Career Fair? Bet they dropped millions to be accepted lol
MCB110L SUCKS
Printing in the Units
MCB Imposter Syndrome
Questions About IB 131L
񵐽the moderators
Reality is beyond novel: coronavirus is a combination of 1984 and albert Camus’ fiction, the plague
Reality is beyond novel: coronavirus is a combination of 1984 and albert Camus’ fiction, the plague
Does anyone else pretend they have friends here when they really don't?
Has anyone taken Astron C12?
I bet the car radio plays snake jazz
Hott
Difference between CS clubs
Club Recommendations
How's Ibser's biweekly quiz? (Stat 20)
61B class completed - what kind of internship can I get?
Difference between Stats and Applied Math Major?
L and S Students in
61C Weaver / Garcia
CS 186
The World Economy in the Twentieth Century (Spring 2020) Or any classes with Prof Delong?
To the person who tripped the fire alarm in Bancroft around 1pm today
CS189 + CS61C together?
Who's taken ESPM C10 with Amundson?
I saw this and I couldn’t help but to share...
Extra MBB tickets
Where are the BEST Eats in Berkeley?!
How to get a berkeley.edu subdomain?
Wuhan Coronavirus in SF Bay Area (unconfirmed)
Moffitt in shambles
Anyone selling their ESPM 50 AC course reader with ken worthy?
To those of you who are handing out flyers
UC Berkeley Students get Free NYTimes Subscriptions!
If you think about it, EECS people are virgins because they never had to sleep with their Professors just to get an A in a class unlike all other majors, especially MCB people.
How to be a LGBT major: ———————————————————————-“I was a man trapped in a women’s body...then my mom gave birth to me.”
This your daily reminder that everyone on campus, especially EECS/CS and MCB-ers, are psychopaths
I broke through Nick Weaver’s top secret code
coronavirus in main stacks
UCEAP just cancelled the Spring 2020 China Study Abroad Program
Club Recruitment Megathread
where to buy dress shirt
An easy way to connect college students!
Best upper div art class prereqs?
When do BerkeleyTime grade distributions for Fall 2019 come out?
Wifi in Donner Lab (lbnl visitor)
Cal Dining is Selling Food Past "Enjoy/good by..." Date
ECON 101B with Benjamin Schoefer
Where to get a slick fade?
I feel like my gpa sucks too much to go to grad school =(
Any good barbers that cut for around $15-20 around?
coughing in class
Would colleges switch to online classes if Wuhan becomes a pandemic emergency?
To MCB Majors: what is like knowing you wasted your life
Campus Conversations: Basketball coaches Mark Fox and Charmin Smith
Cal Men's Basketball: Coach Mark Fox Press Conference (1/26/20)
Berkeley ranked No. 2 Public University in the West by Times Higher Ed/WSJ
Made a community to connect college students!
handtools on campus
Berkeley global management program (GMP)
Daily scratch-off hang tag parking permits?
New study debunks myth of Cahokia's Native American lost civilization
I’m selling the course reader for R1B theater with Ghosh for $10!
CS 188 or 170
Reapplying to clubs: Essays
Dwinelle Room Finder
So I Brained like Berkeley and I think I can graduate early but I have an issue
Good place to find pickup tennis games?
CS61C Spring 2017 project CPU
Housing
Can we do a club recruitment megathread?
How to find research opportunities?
Black fx disc trek bike stolen from my recovery home please dm me if you find a listing online
CS 70 over the summer?
Where to find nutrition info for cal dining
Time/unit limit for declaring cogsci?
Worth a read
How much do season tix actually cost?
Looking to try Intramural Flag Football, best way to join (newbie)?
Music 159??
Intro to Analysis by Prof Wodzicki
CSM waitlist
CSM Junior Mentor vs Academic Intern?
Getting an Extra Year at Berkeley
Summer Research in computer science
College discord for socializing (not a dedicated discord)
CS boi created a livestream that uses flask and youtube comments to create a youtube live version of r/place!
Housing availability
Where can I buy cheap fruit nearby?
Will CS 70 be offered in summer?
Loud Scream on Haste
Zero Waste: Solutions for a Sustainable Future DeCal
Where to learn kpop dances?
How much UC Berkeley pays to their Ph.D. GA assistants? I want to apply there for my Ph.D., but with the high cost of life in CA, I don't know if that's an affordable idea.
How much do you guys spend on dates?
ECON 134
Pro frats
How to access old webcast lectures?
Feels good to beat Stanfurd at basketball! Go Bears!
Berkeley beat Stanford in basketball today ... if anything this shows Kobe was on our side God Bless you Kobe 🙏
Berkeley on a winning streak
Kobe Memorial Tonight
Asian Supernarkets
SJSU Beef
Is it too late?
SJSU Beef
Coffee on campus
SJSU Beef
Is it possible to get into CS clubs without connections?
test post plz ignore (2)
test post plz ignore
Graduation Cords??
BEARS BEAT STANFURD 52-50
What is Berkeley administration doing to combat Coronavirus?
WTF I am Number 1 on waitlist section and there is an open seat, but it won't put me in the class?
Any EECS people wish they did L&amp;S CS or vice versa?
Anthro 3AC Notes
Which are the easy consulting clubs to get into (not easier, but actually easy)?
RIP KING
2 units suggestions?
KOBE BRYANT DIED WTF
How many of you got a B+ in 61A and weren’t able to declare?
Has anyone tried the introduction Judo classes? Also, is there still a Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu club?
16b textbook
My gf is mad bc I told her I prefer to spend more time eating than than having sex
Free NYT/WSJ Subscription
What to do for housing if I'm looking alone?
When/where to look for off-campus housing
Worth doing Group Tutor position?
Any good spots for mushroom hunting?
Logan Paul was on Berkeley campus today
RA interview
What should I do if I'm struggling with depression already at the beginning of the new semester?
disgusting uc berkeley student spitting on logan paul
Math 104 with Eterovic
Anyone here with an education in Aesthetics?
Anyone selling/giving away an iclicker?
Econ 2 with Romers
Berkeley Social Club
Transferring as Chemistry major from a CCC without Calc 2 or Physics?
Changing colleges (chem &gt; bio) after transferring from a CCC?
Selling Cal vs Stanford ticket!
Really freaking anxious about CS 70
Cal vs. Stanford tomorrow
Leetcode Premium sale
Looking for Math 1B textbook PDF for Paulin?
Does anyone have info about Cal Archery?
good places to smoke on campus?
BRING BACK SUGAR COOKIES!!!! 🍪
Davis or Berkeley
Math 128A with Math 170
trade me for jordans
stat 134 adjunct
Cs 88 cs 61a
Any grad students interested in joining our lean launchpad team?
Logan Paul’s on campus
What kinda of letter of rec is this? Isn’t it past the deadline for letters of rec?
Easy job w/o work study
I have a 2009 iMac ... you know the big screen-all-in one type. Can I use it as a display for my 2019 HP Spectre x360? Is it possible?
Can I pay someone to record the L&amp;SC160V/PSYCHC162 lectures?
Do we have access to the ACM digital library?
S ASIAN 142 exams
Rugby at Cal
PSA: Photos of North Side scammer with broken car, injured daughter
Who in town wants to join me for some good clean fun with Cards Against Humanity tonight? The game starts at 8pm over at Victory Point Cafe. Taking all comers over 18.
How late can I declare CS?
Anyone on IM flag football need team members
looking to join an IM basketball team
Relaxed intramural sports?
Jerrold Nadler and Adam Schiff raped and killed boys on Jan. 14th '19. President Trump did the same earlier that morning in Buffalo, NY. Listen to each of them do this here. How are Schiff &amp; Nadler "Impeachment Managers" for Trump's "impeachment"? $99+billion in payoffs. See page 9,13,22-47,85,131
PDF for UGBA 10 textbook
Berkeley had a commuter helicopter service during the '60s
CS162 access code
Chapo trap house live?
CS61A Videos vs Lectures?
Stats 140 Discussion
CS 70 and Stat 88 Content Overlap?
Cs 152 courseload
Auto digest vibes
AI for 2 classes?
Study Groups / Group Projects
Has anyone had the experience of being dismissed due their academic record and returned to Berkeley later?
poc women at berkeley: i hate white men // also poc women at berkeley:
CS162 + EE16B + ???
Cal Triathlon
How to get on Evans's Roof
170 + w186?
WiFi issues resurfaced?
UGBA 10 Textbook 2016 v. 2018
Anyone have the book Principles of Microeconomics they want to get rid of or sell?
Why does cs61b still have waitlisted students?
If you have a lecture in a class with a large class size, please wear a mask.
COG SCI/PSYCH C126 for designers?
research as a freshman
CS61C spring 2017 project CPU
How does IM basketball work?
Edible Education 101
Physics 8b
Math 53 pdf textbook
Delaying graduation at Haas?
Delaying Graduation at Haas?
imposter syndrome at Cal
Math 105 with Pugh
Advice on Math 1B for Econ?
Pi Sigma Epsilon
Free Online Resume Maker
Let's be proactice ! Wear mask and wash your hand !!
Coronavirus: UK universities issue quarantine warning to Chinese students
Who likes calisthenics?
Hi Professor Weaver!!!! :D
Anyone already unmotivated and tired
What does everyone do?
If you were in China over break and are feeling sick, please dont come to class, and go see a doctor.
Anyone celebrate Tet here?
This might be a stretch! Acoustic Guitar :)))))
Does anyone have a pdf for the textbook: Math 54 custom edition for UC Berkeley
Advice needed! Should I take ee16b this semester or fall 2020?
Garden Village or Martinez Commons
At least 9 people are being tested for the deadly coronavirus in Alameda County
My roommate just walked into out apartment with a mask on
BIOENG 131 and/or CS 176
Randomly attending sections/lectures after you graduate?
how to switch discussion sections on CalCentral
Looking for ESPM 50AC Reader
CBD research/use
did anyone hear back from data 8 lab assistant
Game Design and Development DeCal Infosession Tonight
kingdom hearts
Visiting Student Reader/Tutor Appointments
Advice: Taking CS194-26 Computational Photography instead of other more "applicable" CS classes
[CS61B] Going to lecture vs watching Hug's old lectures?
Is taking CS188 + CS170 + CS162 suicidal?
There’s no WiFi so I went to the gym. Go bears!
Does anyone want to watch Star Trek: Picard with me?
what are some reasons NOT to take CS189?
dumpling express reopening?
has anyone taken econ 121?
Haas MBA launches "Accelerated Access" program for current Berkeley undergrad and grad students
Good place to hold a phone interview on campus
Where to buy meat in Berkeley
When Do We Need 13 Units By?
Tabling in front of Soda hall
Computational Methods for Fluid Dynamics Classes (250 v 266)
Are Brett Kolesnik and Nikhil Srivastava dopplegangers?
Microsoft opens new office in Berkeley.
consulting groups: nonprofit, poverty alleviation, etc..
Taking EE16B in Spring 2020 vs Fall 2020
Taking CS61b + ee16b vs taking CS61b+70?
Benefits to becoming a GBO Leader
Advice for an econ appeal
I sleep
An easy historical breadth?
RA interviews
Where is the LEAD Center front desk?
Advice for STAT 134/ CS61B
people who've taken two finals back to back, was your grade on the second one negatively impacted?
Is math 1b webcast and who do I email?
When does summer enrollment start?
Possibly missing first math 1A discussion, is it a good idea?
bts concert ticketssss
question about swapping classes
Physics 110A Study Group?
Student teams
CS160 Experience?
again?
social clubs/ dance clubs?
R̶i̶c̶e̶ Berkeley Purity Test
If you haven't heard, there's an official /r/berkeley Discord!
Are Data 8 lectures necessary?
Interested in economics and/or thinking about writing an undergraduate thesis? Then check out Berkeley Economic Review's journal for some inspiration. It contains carefully selected undergraduate research papers and professor/researcher/graduate student interviews.
PS186 with Ansell
3 finals in a row?
Spring rush Fraternity
What is the best way to get the band to play current/modern music during games/halftime?
How many hours do u work per week?
Is rushing a professional frat worth it?
WiFi status?
can someone buy https://stanford.sucks/
DATA 8? Or STAT 2?
Best cell phone carrier on campus / city of Berkeley?
ECON 100A + ECON 140
Hilfinger's fingers
Anyone have the Norton Shakespeare Version 3 I can borrow?
I know nothing about programming, should I take 61A???
ESPM 24
NUCENG 24
French 24
ECON C171?
Summer session vs. spring and fall?
Wtf is wrong with the wifi
Should I take EECS 16B lab?
Help me find Patch Guy!
Woke up this morning to check. 600 of you clowns in the 61b piazza clicked that link within a 10 minute time frame. Y’all crazy, good luck to everyone for first day of class!
How useful are ML classes for SWE?
Physics 89 w/ no prior physics experience
Youtube Premium Student Discount Issues
Does anyone have an iclicker for sale?
DATA 8 Piazza class access code
Where do i buy iclicker?
Affordable Textbooks?
Club recruitment: talking in lectures
Best place to buy notebooks and loose-leaf paper?
Is anyone selling their “calculus with applications” book for math 16 b?
Ways to dodge CS 61b bin shift.
Has anyone taken a class with professor Brad Delong?
Anyone in 61B
CS61C project 3-2 : CPU
Cs major decisions
A short poem
Berkeley Professionals &amp; Techies of Reddit, help me help you!
CS70 NOT GETTING CURVED
What should I do?
Parties at Berkeley
Berkeley no longer pays for Adobe CC subscriptions?
lin alg in 70
Econ 100b or 100a waitlist chances
Learn to Play the Sather Tower Bells
What's better? CS
Where to find multiple computers on campus?
CS61B is back again, even before the first lecture
Should I take data100?
Advice on how to balance professional extracirriculars with work and social clubs? Any suggestions of professional clubs?
Taking public transport?
The Nitty Gritty of Networking Successful Applications?
Free NYT and WSJ subscriptions for all UC Berkeley students
math 170
Selling a used Nintendo Switch, Games, Pro Controller, USB Controller and Case.
Grade bins shifted up by 20 points in 61B
INFO 290 Future of Cybersecurity Reading Group
Math 53 study group?
Im overweight and insecure. Can anybody teach me how to properly lift weights? My apartment has a gym!
Dynamics Thermodynamics Resources
ENVECON C153
CS61b and 70 deathtrap?
Anyone need a space in CS161?
Anyone had success connecting google home mini to dorm (school WiFi)
Required/Approved Elective course list for ENV ECON
How hard is it to get into business(+ consulting, marketing, etc.) clubs?
Why are desks here so small?
Depression
Anybody have an iclicker they wanna get rid of or sell? (I don’t have Facebook to post on Free or For Sale 😬)
Class Selection Help
psych 147
Is a D- passing for unit completion sake?
The best way to get organized for coursework
DSP note takers: when do I get paid?
Community College 61B transfer
Cog Sci 1 Paul Li textbook
Is anyone on the latest iOS beta unable to connect to any form of campus wifi?
Just your daily reminder that our campus is f#*&amp;ing beautiful 😍
Math 55
First week discussion for LING100?
Receiving [cs-major] emails but still nothing on CalCentral?
Struggle with transfer prompt
Hey! We worked in a new feature - Nup Campus Stories - where users can share photos and get reactions from others in the campus! We also kept the anonymity since poster is the only one who can start a new chat with somebody! Your feedback is important guys! https://www.nupapp.gr/
Any maker spaces on campus
Found this gem on Ratemyprof
Berkeley Chem 1A Course Reader?
MCB 102
Summer plans
Symphony vs Chamber Orchestra?
Looking for a motivated and serious studying partner for spring semester 2020!
[Serious] A while ago, I met someone only for a short while but can't stop thinking about him...
Data 8
How do I take a R1B for second sem Soph req when all the classes are full?
Is there usually discussion sections for ME classes on the first week of classes?
Cal students who play the Commander format of Magic: The Gathering!
Hey y'all I heard UCI is #1 now
Wifi for LoL
x-post from r/cringe: Cal alum "comedian" rants about racism and sexism
Is there discussion this week?
Teacher in Search of Mini-Helmets
Any 1-2 unit class suggestions?
Taking CS195 as a non-CS major?
Advice for housing
Negative experience at the Moffitt glory hole?
academic hold?
Why are they searching for two “suspects”, sounds to me like some girl was being abused and was likely kidnapped. Why are they not approaching it from that angle..?
CS61B Head TA
Cheapest/easiest way to get to campus from the Oakland airport around 7pm?
MechE 132
Looking for Friends to make Music/ Fun Videos with :)
Hi there, I am a big baseball fan and I haven't found many friends who are into the sport. Is there a baseball club or decal or something so that I have people to talk to once the season starts?
Graduate Pathways to STEM 2020 Conference @ UCB
Will there be another Club Fair for Spring?
Does anybody just lie in bed all day?
Hit-and-run driver kills pedestrian on sidewalk during UC Berkeley police chase
Best Math 54 teacher - srivastava or lin lin?
ESPM 50AC Reader
Alternatives to 61a AI
Visiting UCB (and CA) for the first time for a grad visitation weekend
what to do freshman summer?
Econ 133 vs. Econ 152
CS 88 Lab Selection?
To anyone wondering, the DailyCal site is down.
The Comedy Loft, a FREE stand up show, is back Thursday 1/23 at 7:30pm at Legionnaire Saloon
Reminder that Namaste Madras Cuisine on Shattuck Avenue is owned by a Lakireddy family member. The Lakireddy's have been convicted of pedophilic rape and human sex trafficking. Please consider dining elsewhere.
Won't be able to attend first week of class
Connecting google home to campus WiFi
A space for meeting?
Should I email all my professors to let them know I'm not coming this week?
Is L&amp;S advising open today?
Math 110 summer?
Is bike theft a problem on campus?
UC Berkeley Exec Arrested for Possessing Child Porn
Anyone needs leetcode premium?
Chinese New Year celebrations at Berkeley
Reading and Comprehension class textbooks
First day of Spring
Clubs?
How to turn on the heater? (Unit 3 Beverly Cleary)
Pit in my stomach about going back
CS61A, CS70, Physics 7A in the same semester in Fall. Suicide or not?
What are you majoring in and why?
How long do people stay in Chem 3A labs?
my Berkeley 202, gl
HELP! Looking for CS 61C Tutor!
Decals?/Econ Classes
Anyone know where I can get cheaper textbooks?
Attendance in Psych 1?
Econ 2 textbook
Anybody got the pdf for any of the following books or willing to sell the book?: Principles of Microeconomics; Natural Hazards (For LS70C); Wardlaw’s Perspectives In Nutrition (For NUSCTX 10)
Data 100 prereqs enforced?
Did cs61a TA/academic intern results come out yet?
Piazza Class Access Code
how are SWE internships compared to projects in CS classes
Anyone down to share an HBO NOW account?
IM Sports Ref certification
How hard is it to get into Berkeley global internships?
How is ESPM 40?
UC proposes first tuition hike since 2017. It could apply only to incoming students
if i want to increase the chance of getting off the waitlist, should I choose morning(9-10am) or night(7-8pm) discussion?
Rhetoric 10
Is Math 54 or Math 53 easier?
Data 8 waitlist
CS189 Enrollment
Is purchasing an online version of a textbook going to have any downside as opposed to the physical copy?
Theta Tau
STAT 140 w/ MATH 110?
cs 88 section signups?
Physics 7B Lab WB?
A comic I made a while ago about loneliness at Berkeley
Rent/borrow camping equipment
Don't Feel Lonely in San Francisco
EE16B with lab or without lab?
Humanities in CS/EE?
Students, don’t take this place for granted! I still miss it every day.
IEOR 170 or 162
EE 127 with Math 54
CS61B vs. CS61BL – what’s the difference and which do you recommend?
EE16A cs Math54
Am I a double, triple, or quadruple bear?
any clubs dedicated to learning unusual fields of knowledge?
I've got a wonderful great idea solution to the hiring CS TAs problem:
Psych 1 textbook
L O L
When do Berkeley City College apps for the summer open usually?
does someone want to watch weathering with you w/ me!
Printing
Bringing sex doll to dorm room
German 1?
I have a mandatory discussion and a lecture that checks attendance for the first two weeks at the same time. How can I be at both?
Bioengineering 11 prerequisites
Paul Li CogSci Textbook?
transfer: website's not updated...?
Is there a pdf textbook of the Econ 1 textbook? Principles of Microeconomics. If so, can somebody share it with me plz
Fencing DeCal: Has anyone taken it before? Thoughts on it?
Can I use the same course to satisfy data science upper division requirement AND data science domain emphasis requirement?
Switching Discussion: Econ 2?
Hard drive destruction service on/near campus?
What is the difference between Psych 110 and Psych N110?
When do adjunct courses start (math)
Is Sahai now teaching CS70? Will this make it much harder than before!
How is math 1b over the summer?
is Math 54, Math 1B, Data 100, History c184d feasible?
Thoughts on this schedule?
I FORGOT TO WAIVE SHIP
Anyone have the pdf for cogsci 1 or psych/mcb c61 textbooks?
CS70 Over The Summer?
NFL Games on Sunday
Profitable clubs at Cal?
Is Psych C61 Webcast?
MCB 100B
How is French 40 with Michael Lucey?
Question about clickers: Anywhere on campus I can buy one? Do I have to buy more than one if multiple classes ask for one?
Question about clickers: Anywhere on campus I can buy one? Do I have to buy more than one if multiple classes ask for one?
Anyone know any good culinary schools in Berkeley or Oakland?
Innovative Design Decals Workload
Anthro 2AC
Decals sufficing requirements
How’s Bio 1A
How much harder is CS70 with Sahai compared to normally?
CalVisitor DNS Issues &amp; A (Limited) Fix
What do
Math 54 Textbook
Free resources at Berkeley for tax season?
Anyone own the discrete mathematics book (custom edition) by Rosen from Stankova's class that I can buy off of you?
Rsf gym classes
Eduardo Oregon Reyes (Math 55)
confused about waitlist: history c184d
Have I graduated? Or did something go wrong?
econ 1 textbook
Will Berkeley extended reality club be recruiting people this semester?
anyone hear back from 61c academic dishonesty?
Less than 13 units
isf 100A with fang xu?
Help declaring stats major
is cs61b lab worth going to?
What it means to be truly educated.
PDF for UGBA 10 textbook
UC proposed annual tuition increases over five years to boost predictability, financial aid
Two course staff positions in 1 semester?
Chem 3A discussion?
What are some nice engineering clubs open this spring semester?
How does webcast work?
Anyone know if sociol 127 (development and globalization) has an in class exam or a paper?
have dismissal emails come out?
Silversun Pickups concert buddy?
UC Berkeley budget director arrested after child porn investigation
a synopsis of fall semester
How do the workloads of math 54, ee16a, and cs 61c compare?
What do you do when they space for the cover letter is a text box?
Tuition due today!
Apprentice in sf, message me on ig if you’re down to work together and help me build my portfolio! Ig @brittnaami
Spring Break?
taking econ 136 w/ econ100a + stat20?
Just received an MET interview, does anyone have any tips/advice?
Does anyone know of course coordinating need to be a student?
how do i turn on the heater (unit 3) ???
comlit r1b with katherine mezur
The end of an era
CS70 Enrollment
Anyone live/know about co-op apartments?
How many units are recommended to take in 8 week summer session?
Is there a good chance of getting of a waitlist if a class is already overenrolled?
Does CS88 webcast lectures?
Changing requirement for EECS transfer?
Berkeley EECS professor Doug Tygar has died.
Why are there so many fucking empty storefronts on telegraph?
International Jobs Post-Grad
Data 8 Labs Haven't Been Posted Yet
check_eft refund email?
Class schedule while pledging
UC Berkeley budget director arrested after child porn investigation
My first try at embroidering Oski
selling textbook
Math 54 textbook
Anthro 3AC course reader
can i get some love for my mediocrely embroidered Oski?
I tried to embroider an Oski
Need help choosing a breadth for next semester
Swap labs w/o dropping class
Inquiry
Anyone interested in Leetcode Premium?
Anyone looking for a lab partner for Physics 111A next semester?
Spanish 1A and AFRICAM 28AC
UC Berkeley ordered to repay millions to teaching assistants
CS Major Appeal with new funding cuts
Inquiry
Inquiry
Cal football ranked No. 23 on USA Today's 2020 list
Where is PG&amp; E when you need an extra week?
Usefulness of EE 126/127 Before CS 189
If I'm enrolled in cs/eecs courses for the fall and spring, do I have key card access to Soda now?
Back to back classes in Evans and Barker.
SPUR: Personal Statement Word Count
why do some discussions have negative # of open seats??
You guys know anyone who has transferred from L&amp;S to COE? If so, how high was their gpa?
How crowded does RSF get at night?
For those who've taken CS70 in the past: which part of CS70 did you find harder? Discrete math, or probability theory?
Youtube videos for Stat 134
Should physics 7A be taken after completing math 1B, or concurrently????????????!!
One of my classes starts at 8am and ends at 8:59am. Is it possible to enroll a discussion section that starts at 9am?
How did you lineup Hug’s lectures with Hilfinger’s?
Stolen Student Information
Just a reminder. Go bears!
Good &amp; bad experience volunteering at Berkeley Free Clinic?
Berkeley Consulting Club Interview Advice?
comlit r1b with katherine mezur
CS 162
Weaver 61C
61C lab/discussion
*hacker voice* I'm in
Game Design and Development DeCal Open!
Which is easier: CS70 or Math 55?
Bio 1B materials
Music evokes at least 13 emotions. Scientists have mapped them
‘On equal terms:’ UC Berkeley celebrates 150 years since women were first admitted
Just got accepted for a year abroad exchange at Berkeley - Any advice for how to make the most of the year?
Mssing first week for Spring 2020
Kylo Hilf
Guys, please give me your opinions /Data Science major!
Film 185 Syllabus
For those who transfered from a Junior Collegs/community college to Berkeley, what do you think are the difference between classes?
5-year Masters and graduating early
french 43b with debarati sanyal
Bio 1B required for upper div classes?
Welcome to my emporium
Cyphers
Why can't CS/EECS just get more funding from Cal for serving more of its students?
Anybody who completely changed course after graduating? (I'm having an existential crisis)
Pinegrove show in SF on 2/9?
big shouts to whoever posted this
CS uGSIs
Are there any consulting clubs that accept juniors next semester?
Tips for doing well in CS 161?
Out of state grad student seeking to establish residency for tuition purposes. I haven’t gotten my California driver’s license yet. Am I fucked?
ribet electronics in class?
Current Cal player Isaiah Humphries sues former team Penn State, claims team hazing included 'I am going to Sandusky you'
Does anyone know where last semester cs161 lectures where posted?
Did anyone here get off of an appeal as a undergrad?
Will A/B/70 be graded much harsher now?
housing
any transfers here???
Letters of Rec Process?
MCB 150
What are the benefits of EECS compared to CS?
Cal TAs win multi-million dollar grievance victory
Increasing CS gap probably
UGSI fee remission
Do I need to bring a towel or lock to the gym?
Financial Aid Refunds
Scandin r5a
Best resources on campus for job hunting?
1 min study on serendipitous course recommender
Morning from the roof of Evans Hall
Freshman cs internship
spring break 2020
Has anyone taken the fencing DeCal?
Questions Regarding Waitlisted Classes and FAFSA
Why is there a nigga with his balls hanging out on the front page
CogSci 180 Impressions?
How do people do so much stuff?
ddd
rrrrrr
ereee
f
n
fri day ball out
Reddit's really stepped up their targetted advertising game
Ball out like friday
Ball out like friday
Does the Tang center have/sell lube?
Fruit smoothie with boba?
Math 53 Textbook
Refund Disbursement??
Physics 111A with CS 189
When does the Spring Semester Application open for Transfer Students?
Summer 2019 Diploma Status
PUBLIC SCHOOL SITUATION
Tuition changes during the semester
Bioinformatics or Biostats Undergrad
Questions about DeCals
FEW QUESTIONS ON FINANCIAL AID
Thoughts on CS 182?
easy classes
Quick Question for UC TAU
Men of UC Berkeley
I painted a Van Gogh styled Campanile (details in comments)
Waitlist
Is Poli Sci 4 manageable?
Global internship abroad
Former Cal Bears football players share a tender moment in the locker room
Has anyone used the alumni career program
anyone offering violin lessons?
Is CS10 easy?
If anyone comments "Go Bears!" on this post I will delete my profile
Does cs61b have attendance for lecture?
How long does it take to re-activate your duo account?
Bio 1B Labs on Mondays?
BEACN and Net Impact Consulting?
Did I clear academic probation?
Missed my adjustment period
Number 90 on data 8 waitlist
A nut in the mutt
Best Places to Jump Rope?
Anyone else insecure about the lack of friends they have at Berkeley?
Anyone have an umbrella yo I’m trying to smoke my weed but it’s rainy
STAT 134 Textbook
Summer Session
Best apps for hookups/kinks?
crap, i need to renew my pass for next semester
Does anyone have the PDF for the Math 53 textbook?
join if you're broke and want free stuff
CS61A Spring 2020 Study Group
ECON 101B and 140 at the same time
Paid tuition already, but I have two eligible SHIP Waivers.
CS majors, what has your schedule looked like so far?
[ADVICE] Math 1B w/ Paulin or take as summer CC course?
IB 131 (Anatomy) in summer?
For people who've taken CS W186:
Where to get guitar lessons?
Anyone do Global Learning Hub?
Bad URAP Experience Resulted in an NP
Free Ikea couch in good condition, must pick up from Emeryville today. PM Me!
I'm an International student anyone got some tips?
Upper Div Recommendations for Spring 2020
Summer Study Abroad
BMOE Bootcamp
Anyone know of any abandoned mines up here in NorCal?
How do I download an unofficial transcript? The guides online all seem to be out of date because I can't find it anywhere. Thanks in advance!
Watch out for the scamming homeless guy hanging around west crescent rn
Leetcode Premium sale
126 or 134
AI CS61A
WILL I GET OFF WAITLIST FOR 100A
Hackers@Berkeley Club?
uc berkeley extension difficulty level?
Looking to buy a used raspberry pi and arduino uno
Econ 133 vs. Econ 140
How do I network as a naturally antisocial person?
ECON 1 or 2?
Which class will prepare you for cs61a?
Job/Internship hunt w/out help from consulting clubs
Best Student Housing?
Berkeley Meme Society
data 8 waitlist #166
Do you get better enrollment times as an upperclassmen / senior more specifically?
MATT BRADLEY NOW OWNS THE ENTIRE STATE OF WASHINGTON. I DON'T MAKE THE RULES.
Does The Unit 1 Mailroom Open The Same Day As We Can Move in? (16th)
When Does the Unit 1 Offices Open?
Physics/ Applied Math Freshman Schedule For Spring
Does cs70 cover enough to take 135 without 134?
Advice on course load Spring 2020
Is anyone currently in Berkeley?
Unable to add drop classes on calcentral
Is there a game swap club/service?
How to get girls as EECS major??
Is it possible to read our admissions profile?
14 on CHEM 1A waitlist, chances of getting in?
Anyone have an answer for this?
Haas GPA
Looking for Literature on Theresa Hak Kyung Cha
UCLA &amp; UC Berkeley students
216 on data8 waitlist, any hope? For folks who’ve been in this situation before, how did it turn out for you?
INTERNATIONAL INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITY FOR STUDENTS
How to pick which area a breadth satisfies?
UCLA &amp; UC Berkeley students 來台灣丟中國人的臉
Famous K pop or c pop star who attended Berkeley
Finish at your own pace.
Rock band
Is CS70 going to be offered in the summer?
2 Step Verification
Berkeley Chinese students in front of Taipei 101 ...
Parker street?
Insurance&amp;cleaning for MicroChill??
NP complete
How to prepare for ee127 for 189?
I want to do something meaningful with my time here
Taking Stats?
Let’s Paint TV with John Kilduff (2012) Watch as he paints, blends drinks, sings songs, all while running on a treadmill at Rasputin Music in Berkeley, CA
Can someone link me fall 2019 chem 120a webcast?
Data science major
The Career Center is giving away 2 Cal Students!
what should i take over summer? (pre-med pls help)
For any dog/sustainability lover out here!!!
Group exercise classes at RSF
Strategy for studying 61B with Hilfinger
campus trashcans
Environmental Econ 101
Berkeley's massive collection of Mark Twain's writings (6 degrees of Mark Twain)
BioRobotics/Prosthetics Clubs?
[URGENT] How to take the week off
Tablet for note taking question
UCLA, Berkeley Chinese students disrespecting in front of Taipei 101
MATT BRADLEY WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE
UGBA 10 Section Waitlist
Purported UCLA, Berkeley Chinese students disrespecting Taipei 101 then shut down by police!!
Is there a prep class for CS 70?
Has anyone been a group tutor before? (data 100)
Successfully side-stepped human feces twice on Berkeley sidewalks today, only to step on a dildo in a crosswalk
What should we attend/not attend for spring graduation?
Can you get birth control pills from the Tang center if covered by SHIP?
The Most Effective Website Knowledge In Facebook Users
Best Place to Watch NFL Playoffs?
Recommendations for Easy Classes?
Earliest you can get into Berkeley
Crossroads student employees,
Math 53 spring semester Emiliano Gomez
Electronic Intelligent Systems Minor
When Racial Discrimination Is Legal
What is there to do?
Another power outage. Yah?
Oldie but goodie official video from local cs major Vienna Teng
Advice on making the most out of my dwindling time here?
apolgy for bad english
Difference between econ 136 and econ 138
Haas Supplemental. Is it out yet?
CS70 or EECS 16B?
Cancelling University Housing
Time Conflict Override?
Really need ideas! How was your Global Internship experience? Debating if I should sign up for it.
Need Help Developing an App
Thoughts on Econ 100A with David Holst?
Is it just me or does the students of Berkeley seem much more moderate/less-progressive than before?
The view from Lawrence Hall of Science. &lt;3 Wish all of you a great break fellow bears!✨
Skipping 1st week of spring 2020?
Does becoming an RA reduce your financial aid?
Best places for food in Berkeley?
Getting in state tuition
I'm from New York and want to transfer here
looking westward to the san francisco bay
Career Destination Survey Results for Class of 2019 Released
How’s the schedule? Freshman ChemE
CalNet/SIS Help response times?
Gradescope Classes
Rate My Schedule
CS 61B waitlist
Art 8 enrollment?
No CS Experience and taking Data 8.. Should I also take CS10 in preparation for CS61A/CS88?
Classes I’m interested in vs small classes
Any way to see the Admissions Audit conducted by the UC last year in response to the admissions scandal?
Group tutor positions
Fireside chat with venture and tech professionals
Need 2 units to graduate - What should I take?
Taking Major Reqs at Community College
Where do students go to get their college transcript/dean’s report?
EECS Honors Program Decision
How to get 7 offers from top tech companies including Google, Facebook, and Amazon.
[X-Post] Panicking Prospective Transfer: Got a D in major pre-req. Help!
Some question about Stat c8
Regarding Cal’s Internet: Is my friend just a coward?
Unicycle Enthusiasts?
61a lab/discussion signup
cs 61c academic dishonesty
History 128AC access?
MCB 102 and BIO 1B too difficult at the same time?
Fencing or African percussion in Berkeley?
Anyone at Berkeley right now wants to hangout?
Can I finish major reqs early but still stay for 4 years?
Is pre-req (MCB 160) necessary for MCB 161?
Has anyone petitioned financial aid to become an Independent?
Dog running around campus, lost?
[Serious] Pls recommend upper div EE courses.
Recommended resources for case studies for consulting clubs ?
Do y'all feel like the competitive environment of Berkeley has helped or hurt you (or both)?
Currently feeling discouraged and lost / Worried about declaring...
SHIP waiver question
econ and data science
Sheri Johnson - Thoughts?
Free tickets to Cal Men’s basketball this week
Chem 3B/ Bio 1B Resources? (Chem 3A resources as well)
Double major
Community engagement volunteer ideas?
Anyone looking to form a group in CS162 this semester?
Vote on speakers to bring them to campus!
Anyone currently doing the EECS and Nuclear Engineering joint major program? Thoughts on it so far?
Questions about using 25Live?
Semester off to do CS internship?
FREAKING OUT OVER STATS 20
We live in a society
eng 120 wl
Summer Minor Scholarships?
AFX
Haas unit requirement
Mailing rooms??
I also just submitted my grad school app to berkeley. i will suck the dick of everyone who comments in this thread if i get in
Help w/ Study Abroad
Your Study Abroad Experiences
"Course is not repeatable for credit." What does this mean?
CS61C Final Grades
just submitted my grad school app to berkeley. i will give everyone who comments in this thread gold if i get in
I graduated from UCLA last month and I really want to get this off my chest...
Pure math freshman with questions on research and summer programs (Berlin or Berkeley)
How many units?
Go Bears
5th year Masters Program Decisions
College of Letters &amp; Science Unit Cap
Stopped by the Campanile on my trip to the Bay. I was not disappointed :)
UC receives 20th CRISPR patent before end of 2019
Library book due 1/07 because of hold. I can’t return it since I’m at home. WHAT TO DO??
psych 1 textbook
How important is phys 5/7C for 110A?
For DeCal program: Intro Ufology online content freely available
كود خصم نمشى 60% + كوبونات نمشي يناير 2020 - أطلب كوبون
Paid study for Cal students who listen to Spotify!
Swimming classes at Berkeley
visitor parking on southside?
Intro to Surgery Decal
internships
Question on Temporary Unit Cap
Anyone's grades here get worse and worse as time goes on?
Wag The Dog: First was feigned impeachment hearings meant to obstruct, now an attack on Iranians in Iraq. Here is what they are trying to distract from &amp; cover up to retain power. $84+ billion in bribes to the highest offices in this country. 600+ deaths from child rapes to prove loyalty. See latest
Does anyone know what happened to this place?
Psych 1 Textbook
did anyone late drop a class during dead week and not have it disappear from calcentral yet?
CS61A Notes
I’m an apprentice in San Fran doing 60-160$ tattoos, if you wanna help me practice send me a message on insta! @brittnaami
Taking CS88 and Data 100 Concurrently
Class times changed after enrollment?
enroll in more units?
For Whom the Bell Tolls
Staying at Berkeley for a week: Housing / Accomodation?
CBE 154, 143 and Chem 120A, too much?
Econ 101B with Benjamin Schoefer
How important as a CS major to take CS 170 in Fall of sophomore year?
Haas Unit requirment
Haas minimum unit requirement!
Extending access to Berkeley email?
Class Recommendation: NucEng24
Study Group?
Recommended courses for people wanting to go into software management path?
1 bookbag and 1 duffel stolen
Is it possible for me to audit a course at UC Berkeley even if I'm not enrolled as a student?
How safe is Berkeley at night??
Has anyone else experienced this with UCLA kids?
What would you do?
Housing Question
Torn ACL
What was UC Berkeley like during the Iraqi liberation?
Paulin. Retaking Class? Taking class, although failing?
Does INTEGBI 35AC fulfill the technical elective requirement for CoE?
Chances of getting an on campus apartment through Cal Housing
Transfer CS student needing advice
Some questions about summer classes.. Does financial aid cover my classes and housing or is that out-of-pocket?
Hi Berkeley students, I'm a CS student as Stony Brook, these kind of posts, although probably not representative, are why we see you guys as pretentious and toxic
econ 140 with bianchi?
Shop Talk: After nearly 60 years, Bill's Men's Shop on Telegraph Avenue is closing
UGBA 10 TEXTBOOK
R1A and R1B
Have Tutor/GSI offers come out yet?
I thought I could get a Data Science job with a bachelors degree in Data Science, I may be wrong.
I love my roommie so much
Aight which one of you clowns is this
illustrator for daily cal
Econ Major Questions
Anyone know of a relatively easy Upper Division class that is webcasted and/or doesn't take attendance?
How is Prof Virginia C Harrison?
How can you find contact information for unlisted instructors?
CS course schedule recommendation
Why aren’t all grades posted yet
Life Sciences Faculty Hiring Diversity Changes
Beary high quality humor
Recently obtained my green card. Can I still apply for financial aid?
Theater 118ac over the summer
CS 70 in the Spring
Transgender Tuition Problems
How can I check the due dates for payments on the finances tab of calcentral?
MEng application
Dorm style apartments
Does scoring a 3 on AP Chem fulfill the natural science elective requirement for CoE?
Has anyone ever felt totally stuck between several career paths but simultaneously didn't feel good enough for any of them?
Steps for Taking 1+ Semesters off (Engineering)
Ordering Macbook to Dorms
I miss Berkeley so much
chance me as an english major?
Double Majoring Help (Bio/Computer stuff?)
Graduating Senior, L&amp;S Double Major, Failing major requirement
Failed Math 1A. I had already enrolled into math 1b. Should i change math 1b into math 1a during adjustment period?
Econ 155A Difficulty
Fall 2020 study abroad Japan
How to access math journals subscribed to by Berkeley?
Study groups are stupid
Chances of year 1 transfer acceptance from another UC
Berkley MET?
Dear UC Berkeley: time to address a difficult subject
Now which one of us sent this new Indiana Jones reboot script to Hollywood? "Indiana Jones reboot script reveals he’s a trans-male Berkeley student"
Will I get expelled? PLEASE HELP
How do we know if our DeCal has been approved?
CS61A Spring 2020 Study Group
Router with ethernet for WiFi in Unit 3?
Unable to access cs61c lecture webcasts
Question about Waitlist and Minimum Unit Requirement
LOR-Med school
Making friends as a transfer
Is this a valid reason to dispute my final grade?
Applying for CSM: AI Experience
ME 135 with Anwar Attendance
Preparing for CS61B
Main Fight Song
Class recommendations
Will Stat20 expand
Viagra
Carol Christ told a bunch of freshman in a speech yesterday to get 8 hours of sleep every night
Modeling Kit Suggestions for Chem 3A
Introducing Cal's new Offensive Coordinator/Haas Professor
Need a study buddy for winter break!
Looking for a study buddy during the remainder of winter break
Do histart freshman seminars count for art major histart prereq?
Example CS + another major schedule
Wag The Dog: First was feigned impeachment hearings, now an attack on Iranians in Iraq. Here is what they are trying to distract from and cover up to retain power under their rule. $79+ Billion in bribes to the highest offices in this country. Over 600 deaths from child rapes to prove loyalty.
What are schedules for Finacial Aid office and Housing office during winter break?
QUESTIONS ABOUT ACADEMICS AND STUDENT LIFE
RA Position
Doing better in physics classes
94 on waitlist of cs 186
Late declaration for econ
Does the unit ceiling (to enroll for an extra semester) count AP Credit too ?
Links to CS 162 lectures from Fall 2019?
Ballin out like it's friday
CoE dean's list gpa cutoff?
Wilcox expected to hire former Broncos OC Bill Musgrave as the new offensive coordinator
I’m an apprentice in sf doing $60-160 dollar tattoos, if you’re down to help me build my portfolio shoot me a message on ig! @brittnaami
Berkeley during wartime. Will we be drafted?
clueless new student: question about basketball game tickets
How can I access old Hilfinger CS61B lectures?
Anyone know anything professor Arun Sharma?
170+61C Workload
I want to be okay with being a B student, yet I am disappointed with my grades this semester.
Developer suddenly pulls the plug on 18-story Harold Way complex in Berkeley
Will I be okay in CS?
When to take ee47d?
It's true
CS70 + Data 8 or CS70 + 61c
Data 8 connector dilemma
I’m interested in joining a couple clubs this semester but I couldn’t find a few specific ones that I’m looking for online or during calapalooza last semester. Does anyone know if there is a club related to watch making or lock picking?
Taking PB HLTH 150B without taking Pb HLTH 150A
Anybody going to SB hacks, need a third person to get travel reimbursements.
Dean’s List Questions
When are final grades *actually* due?
Cal &amp; UCLA Chinese students insults Taiwanese in front of Taipei 101; immediately get caught by police and say they're American and claims they did nothing wrong
Advice Request: Chem 3B with Professor Robak
Calculus dilemma
Math 54 and Data 100 Expanding?
What happens if you dont finish r1a by second semester?
ECON 100A Final Grades
EE16B Without 16A
How doable is my schedule?
How do you guys study for spring classes over winter break?
Help!
The Campanile and the lunar eclipse a couple of years ago. Happy New Years, bears!
Can non-freshmen enroll in freshmen seminars during adjustment or at some other time? Some of them look pretty interesting.
Private changing rooms
Major questions
Question about declaring MCB
LS CS Declaration
Taking DATA 100, STAT 89A and CS 88 in the same semester
I put in a lot of work but still ended up below the 50th percentile [vent]
anyone been flagged for cheating before or know how it works? (specifically cs61c)
How to do better in CS classes, got a C+ in CS61A
It's 2020. Are we at zero waste yet?
Happy new year to all you lovely bears! Here's a picture of the campanile from where I'm standing so that you wouldn't miss our lovely campus as much if you're away :D &lt;3 YOU ALL! Here's to a great year full of joy and love!
BErkeleY 2020
HAPPY NEW YEAR YOU GOLDEN BEAR BIETCHES!!!
UCLA sucks amirite
Happy New Year!
Parents Cut me off completely- what are my options for the upcoming semester?
HAPPY NEW YEARS YALL FUCKERRS
No. Bye.
Failed math 1a but already enrolled in math 1b. Should i change it so i take math 1a instead? What do u guys recommend?
Where do I find a restroom that's accessible to a visitor with no access key?
No deadlift allowed at RSF?
taking stat 133 just to learn R
berkeley email for graduating exchange students
How to prepare for Chem 120A?
📷 FBI Director Wray, AG Barr, SoD Shanahan, an SoS Pompeo all raped boys and were paid billions in bribes for a Soros &amp; Koch funded child rape org. So did Trump &amp; his 'impeachment' team Nadler,Schiff,Mueller.So did media moguls Redstone,Murdoch,Moonves.What are they setting up? Who can arrest them?
Classes to take after CS70
CAN WE GET A GO BEARS!?!?!
Fun non-math CS courses
Math 110
Safe to leave 61b for adjustment?
Will the old grade still show up on the “academic summary” on calcentral if i retook the class?
Anyone moving into an apartment for next semester and needs their entire apartment furnished for free?
Courses for Quant
Berkeley student + UCLA student at Taipei 101 harassing locals
How do I join Cal Band?
Drumset on campus?
Research Externship With An Chicano/Ethics studies Professor - Resume Opportunity for Jan 6 - Jan 17
Declaring Econ as Double Major
[NSFW] UC Berkeley / UCLA students flashing people in Taiwan while singing CCP Anthem
Aight which one of you memers did this
Did the Daily Cal get rid of their comments section?
Anyone who is or has been a student brand ambassador for a company?
Go Bears!
NE STUD 156
What does the additional coursework section mean in our academic report?
As a Cal alum and 49er Faithful...
CAL WINS REDBOX BOWL 35-20
[Football] Cal defeats Illinois 35-20 in the Redbox Bowl! Go Bears!
Cal defeats Illinois 35-20 in the Redbox Bowl! Golden Bears finish the season 8-5
Getting a C then retaking
Packages
Ultimate frisbee
Withdrawing and Financial Aid
is peter marsden teaching chem3B over summer?
bruh... $290,000?
Did anyone else know this was a thing? So cool!!
Tracking of students by their universities, is this happening at berkeley ?
Is this happening at berkeley as well?
Two gold and I'll drop out
One gold and I'll drop out
Stat 140 math 1a/1b
Hey everyone! Happy new year! I’m a tattoo apprentice in sf looking for people to help me build my portfolio and gain experience. I’m charging 60-160 at the moment. If you’re interested shoot me a msg on Instagram @brittnaami 💕 thanks for looking and happy holidays!
Thoughts on getting a minor in CS while majoring in Physics
Should I take 188 or 110 along with 126 and 127?
CS70 for Logic minor?
Can you get birth control at the Tang center if you are covered by SHIP?
Stupid question about CS61A scheme interpreter
Stat/CompSci C8 Help
STAT / CompSci C8 Help
STAT / CompSci C8 Help
Not retaking a failed class
COMPSCI 70
Semester course load and study buddies: Physics 7C Astro 7B Physics 110A Math 110 Educ 130
SHIP alternatives?
casual fiber arts club?
anyone part of the zen community
When does BerkeleyTime Update?
Can you get birth control plans at the Tang center
Web Design DeCal Online Resources?
Econ appeal
MCB 102 Regrades Are Out
Summer Physics 7B Professor?
Anyone familiar with the academic probation and dismissal process? (Verge of getting dismissed)
Guys, please give me your opinions /Data Science major!
Living in the Co-ops in the Summer?
Any Chinese patriots here? Want to meet up for New Years Eve?
Are there any sword fighting clubs at Cal?
still missing grades. how long are grading extensions for large classes usually?
prep for Physics7A after AP Physics C?
How to motivate myself?
Transfer courses on Berkeley transcript
What is an "EECS"? How do I avoid being one?
mass printing places
Econ 140 Versus Econ 131
Where do I live after freshman year ?!
Quick question
Best Note-Taking Apps
Consulting Clubs As An Older Student
Lecture slides, hw/disc solutions for cs189 Fall 2019
How is Math 1B with Paulin?
stickers
UCB spent over 4m to host white nationalists/anti-science Milo and Ann
Do units from a class retake count 2x?
What scholarships does the university of California, Berkeley offer for international students?
Anyway to prepare for Econ 100B?
Hey Berkeley graduates. Could someone provide a local view of the MFE program at Haas. I'm from a different country and considering a fin-math masters degree.
Economics Appeal PLS HELP
What happens if I’m not a CS major?
What do you guys listen to during study/work??
Does Anybody Know What’s Going on With MCB 102?
Final day for grades?
Data 100 or CS 189
I didn't take any classes. Is this a good idea?
Help request
UPE invitations
CS 70 with Babak Ayazifar
First time home after college started
Pre-learning EE16B
Thoughts about video
Anyone else doing this???¿
Course Material Fees
EE120 vs Math 118
cs 170 vs. cs 186 workload?
Appealing for grade increase after one bad test
[61C] (INACCURATE SPECULATION) this got me so stressed that I’m pulling shit out of my ass to reassure myself
GPA Question
im in zero classes. is that a good idea?
Psychology 1 thoughts?
cs70+math54 or cs70+ee16a
Can you double major with l&amp;s if you’re in coe
im in a class. is that a good idea?
Ways to prepare for CS 170
Commissioning CS and Data students to mine all the 61A lectures and make an AI that converts audio speech clips into DeNero's voice
Stat 134 workload
prepping for EE16A after Math54?
61b
VPN Problems
sGPA
80s music courses
switching major/declaring major within coe
What is a good gpa for PhD school
STEM majors, that aren't in CS? What is your major?
How much do clubs care about gpa
Does having “Honors in General Scholarship” mean that even international students are eligible for it?
What happens to packages sent to the dorms when they are closed?
nutritional science toxicology classes for science gpa (premed)
CS70 w/ Babak Ayazifar vs Math 55 w/ Olga
Is a 93 an A- or A? (I know some classes are different but just generally)
Free tickets to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child play TODAY in SF
why can’t I access BerkeleyTime except the old version
Rounding GPA to 2 sig figs on resume
📷FBI Director Wray, AG Barr, SoD Shanahan, &amp; SoS Pompeo all raped boys and were paid billions in bribes for a Soros &amp; Koch funded child rape org. So did Trump &amp; his 'impeachment' team Nadler,Schiff,Mueller.So did media moguls Redstone,Murdoch,Moonves. What are they setting up? Who can arrest them?
61C no bin shift?
How high is a decent gpa in Berkeley?
Math 1A final on gradescope?
Interview with Professor at Berkeley and American philosopher/gender theorist Judith Butler
Getting Ahead During Break
Fuck ME 106
Math 53 with Canic grades?
Grades still aren’t in?
Haas 60 minimum units
CSM Application
Just remembered that the minimum course requirement is 13 units, I only planned for 8
what time are grades posted at?
Cal Boxing
math 54 and/or ee16a
Berkeley PE ballet classes
Not getting a single internship -- what am I doing wrong?
Tips for mentally preparing to fail first class in college?
Any campus building open at night?
They played us like a goddamn fiddle
I retook a class but my gpa didn't reflect it?
So where do you all get your adderall
Kraft award question
Low gpa and grad school
sproul tabling for club recruitment
[CAUTION] Needles Scattered Near Telegraph/Haste Area
Help a hs senior that wants to go to Berkeley!
Is Art 8 a waste of my time?
MCB Upperdiv Advice
The Campanile and Doe Library in the style of Van Gogh
Chem 1A textbook
just feelin like shit
GBO pay
why is literally ever comment on this damn page about CS
left my passport in my dorm
[Question] Preview CS61B Curriculum
Free Ticket to Mens’ Basketball Game vs. Harvard Sunday 12/29
EE16A changed my life.
Final grade received but final exam score still not posted
What is the easiest class that fulfills the unit requirement for upperdiv Cs.
What's the UPE GPA cutoff to be invited these days
Hi all. i Am a full time dad and part time amateur musician and this is an album of kids lullabies I have recorded for my children and now hope to find some more listeners to appreciate it. Its on itunes, Spotify, google etc
AP credit
Research Externship With An Anthropology/Chicano/Ethics studies Professor - Resume Fodder Opportunity for the 2nd Week of January.
Study buddies
170 grade projection
Thinking about investing in an iPad (pros and cons)
CS 182+189 without 61B?
TA/uGSI for 61a or Data8
CS61A Fall 2019 No grade bins shift
Those Berkeley squirrels!
Final 61A doesn't show midterm recovery points?
Final 61A Grade
valuing GPA too much
Korean ppl think of Berklee College of Music when I tell them I go to “Berkeley”
Envecon c101 James Sallee
3.1 gpa?
REAL TALK about CS
applying to co-op housing
Sounds familiar
We're so damn close to retaking our crown as UC subreddit with the most subscribers!!!
Are there GSIs for Chem 3A summer sessions?
Why the fuck do I have to pass a captcha test to unsubscribe to UCPD emails?
Any platforms at Berkeley that allow me to hire UX designers for a contract work?
police activity on telegraph/durant
Are you able to submit a declaration appeal long after you were rejected?
Will/does data 8 Expand?
Advice on taking COGSCI C126
Shit about ee16a
I’m pre-law and just NPed a breadth (bio breadth). What are my options?
Grades
CS majors, you guys got any website up and running?
Sproul Hall
whoever all didn't fill out the course eval for 61b...
Math 54 and Data 100 together over the summer
Three fucking points from declaring CS (could use some advice)
Sex is overrated af
CalCentral Support
Anything I can do to bump my 61b grade?
EE16b
Data 8, 100 difficulty after having taken a bunch of cs/stats/math courses
Historical/Arts Breadth
Stats 20
LSCS Major Appeal
CS 170 + CS 161+ EE 16a
Scheduling advice
Selling HISTART 186c Course Reader
Chem 120B Curve
Application Portal Issue
The downside of a whole month back home.
How is CS10???
EE16A my grade didn't get shifted
Course dilemma
How do "999" sections work for CS courses?
61b and 61c together
Blood Drive near Campus- Tomorrow
Reusing Letters of Recommendation in UC Berkeley Graduate Application - URGENT NEED HELP
courseload
Pre-Med CS Major GPA Questions
EE16A bin shift
How long does CS declaring take?
Workload
Math 54 Serganova grades up in CalCentral now!
Bio 1B grade release
last day for grades to be inputted
How does CS 61A discussion signup work?
Repeating a class?
off campus housing
CS10 time commitment/worth?
61C EPA
Y'all are celebrating the wrong Christmas
How would I go about taking no classes this next semester and still graduating in May?
Any tip for surviving in 61C next semester
When are 2020 DeCal classes up?
Media studies appeal?
Schedule help, please help, need urgent help
Courseload
Is CS 61B, STAT 140, DATA 100 and an AC Course Doable in One Semester?
Struggling Accepting my First Semester
Summer CS upper division courses
a very berkeley christmas
How do you get into Baking DeCal
Cal/Stanford Basketball 1/26
Sad
Stat 133 with 135?
Merry Crisis, we made it
we made it y’all
Help with a missing assignment? A--&gt;B+
need some advice :/
Merry Christmas!
Is URAP legit?
Looking to form a study group for CS61B
Do Upper div Econ Courses Enforce Pre-Requisites?
tHiS cLaSs iSnT cUrVeD
UCB SHIP Insurance Help
[Spring 2020 DeCal] Beginner's Guide to the Universe
Any data science alumni working in SWE that I could talk to?
Thousands of academics sign petition calling for Impeachment of President Trump, several are from the Berkeley campus
I-20 form to be mailed?
Emailing professor about changing CS70 grade?
Liberal Studies to expand methodology.
Academic integrity violation?
Tips for applying to SPUR (CNR)
Academic integrity violation
Academic integrity violation?
Are UC Berkeley Extension courses free for Berkeley undergrads?
Did I clutch the A-
When does the list of Decals come out for Spring 2020?
61C Scores Released
Negotiating Rent
Ghost Town called Berkeley
What is an A in mcb 32?
Ya'll berkeley made me taller
Com lit
How do computer science based companies interpret GPA?
Question about friendships with professors (among other things)?
Any stores open today in Berkeley?
"I couldn't read what you wrote, so I just gave you a 0"
Blasphemous
Data Science Domain Emphasis
Classes that emphasize debate?
THE CS61A Gradescope Experience.
2.3 overall gpa for a freshman
Can I switch back to a letter grade?!
So what’s next for you?
What motivates you do get good grades?
Math 1A grading
I’m scared..what happens if you don’t pass a P/NP class?
C+ Prereq Class for Haas
Anyone know how cal treats their student athlete?
CS 70 curve
How do you get an A+?
Legal Studies 185AC - Prison
Can someone help me calculate my test score real quick.
Anyone know when Math 1A grade gets released?
Math 53
Looking for students to work on a startup with
CS61a
When do grades have to officially be finalized for this semester?
In general, how many SD do you need for an B+,A-, and A in upper div CS?
why 61c finals not out
Potential Transfer Student: What are the pre-reqs for the Interdisciplinary Studies major for a person coming from CC?
TFW you're just a couple points away from the next grade boundary in 3 of your classes
Cal central GPA adjustment from retaking failed class
Looking to do CS 61A But Need to do Math 1A Pre-requisite After Having Done MATH 16A &amp; B
Final Semester Academic Probation?
Day 3 of break on social media got me like...
Can I get discounted tickets for someone else on the CalPerformances website?
Prof gave confusing deadline for final, I couldn't turn my essay in and haven't heard back from the professor. What do I do?
What's your best advice for preparing for EE126.
Late change form mess up?
Return Laptop = Phatty Bin Shift
Have there ever not been bin shifts in 61A?
Cs 70
Passing grade?
help w/ declaring cs
[MCB 102] Previous Syllabus/Anyone Selling Books?
Why is berkeley falling on csrankings.org?
Got a B in cs61a.... how fucked am I
Cs170 grade
Advice on Handling Anxiety About Final Grades?
1.75 pts from a B+!!!!
CS61A final grade
CS61A 'A' bin shift?
1 point away from an A
Looking for a 162 Tutor This Week!
Worth it to email Denero about a grade bump in CS61A?
The implications are clear here. It wasn't Bush
Life hacks*
The implications are clear. It wasn't Bush
Retaking class
Retaking a class
People who had Robak for CHEM 3B Spring 2019... Help!
Dorms winter break
170 projection
Places to study during winter break?
Class Review : Stat 88
Large christmas trees around berkeley?
Would like some experience before taking CS 61A - Is data 8 an intro course like CS 10?
cs appeal process
EE16a 88% possible big shift to A-
Advice for preparation for EE126
Does anyone else want to die because of that EE 16A midterm?
What is passing for CS70?
Another CS 70 post
Anyone ever approach girls on campus, make small chat then ask for their number, IG or snap?
Tinder Users!!
Where every Cal student has gotten their family Christmas presents when they don’t know what else to get
new student; when are grades due
Finals week is over!
Reviews for L&amp;S 25
Chem 1A grade bins
cs70 and math54
History 30 Grades
Coming back home for winter break like... (IG: @uc.barkeley)
Moffit cant handle my big poopys
Ode to Berkeley, a winter ghost-town.
What students do with their housing if they aren't there for Spring?
eps 3 with william dietrich
CS 162 Workload?
In Distress: Attention All Pre-Meds
Taking a semester off for an internship
What do the locals and uni folk feel about each other?
Anyone want to give me their CS61A sticker?
Econ 155A Difficulty
Sophomore Standing with over 60 units?
has anyone taken an R1A or R1B course with Katherine Mezur?
Yes or no?
Guitar Performance Class?
Is it possible to start working on 61B assignments in advance before having an instructional account?
Always remember, just by taking the first step you have learned something new no matter what grade you get.
Ride share fell out
How to make $300 in two weeks?
When will courses' final grade be due?
Teleman Math 54 curve
BerkeleyTime missing distributions?
Where do you go to see your final course grades?
CS 70 final
What is the best way to make my hands not feel on fire in pain now
How to find a grad party?
Physics 7A instructor drop
EE 120 study material?
usually how long does it take to grade the cs61a final
Easiest R1B course
Usually how long does it take for 61a final's to be finished graded?
Fine Wine, Disney plus and Thrust
what do i need to pass math1b with christ?
People wearing diapers during exams so they don't have to go to bathroom. Is this common??
Grades need to be submitted tonight to graduate tomorrow?
Anyone's project/essay due or (extended ) after tonight?
getting ahead
To everyone stressed about their future...
Didn't declare CS, really fucking scared about my future
My transfers, how’s your experience thus far? How old are y’all ?
data 8 bin shift
Dismissal thread response
UCBWarnMe:
Overseen at Moffitt Third Floor Display
CS61C Final Thoughts
where's the math 53 final tonight for canic?
What's happening in west crescent
What do I need to Pass: WORRIED
IM DONE
Data 8 and data 100 at the same time
61C Final
Taking an incomplete for illness
That feeling when you finish your LAST FINAL!
How long does it usually take for CS 61A/EE 16A finals to be graded?
Is Sage Corps legit?
The worst part of finals week is the neck ache from staring down at desks/exams, CMV
How is Math 53 graded for Canic
I am about to have a panic attack
An incredible story a lot of people don’t know about
Drop-in gym suggestions?
It be like that
Chem 4A grade bin last year?
Removed post - I FINISHED UNDERGRAD
📷 FBI Director Wray, AG Barr, SoD Shanahan, &amp; SoS Pompeo each raped boys for billions in bribes for Soros &amp; Koch funded child rape org. So did Trump &amp; his 'impeachment' team Nadler, Schiff, &amp; Mueller. So did media moguls Redstone, Murdoch, Moonves. What is this setup? Who can arrest them?
Is there any reason why UPE's cutoff got higher?
What do I need to know about commencement tomorrow?
Math 1A
Left my jacket in Bechtel
Does anyone know where History 30: Science and Society The Origins of Modern Science is meeting for the final today? Please and thank you
math 1a final
Anyone want to just stare at the ceiling together?
Any thoughts on Ee16a final?
Good samaritan cal students spotted in Mark Rober's package theft glitter bomb video
I think I'm going to get dismissed from Cal
package thief on haste
neck pain and final later
񕀾 ...okay Matlab.
񕀾 ...okay Matlab.
wheeler scooter
Data Science Majors: What have been your experiences getting SWE jobs/internships?
Doordash driver steals packages from Downtown Berkeley apartment
Doordash driver steaks packages from Downtown Berkeley apartment
Intended L&amp;S CS, taking 61B and 70 finals today, and can’t sleep after trying for many hours
Shout-out to those poor souls parking in Berkeley
Here is a poem I wrote for all of my fellow Cal people still fighting the good fight. Please Enjoy.
Here is a poem I wrote for all of my fellow Cal people still fighting the good fight. Please enjoy.
Do we get to keep our berkeley.edu emails after we graduate?
Worried about CS future/Need to get something off my chest
Any good music to listen to when depressed?
Tips for CS Intended
How was the CS70 Finals for you?
PSA for Overwatch and gaming fans: The San Francisco Shock have moved their March 28-29 homestand from the Cow Palace to Zellerbach Hall.
Summer RA
Winter Break Power Shutoff?
Physics 8B
mcb 32 final
How to retrieve mail from the dorms if you don't live there anymore?
The imposter syndrome is strong with this one (rant, i guess?)
When are final grades released


[Rant] A serious problem with the 61A final
How do I change my habits
CS61A Final Thoughts
CS 61C bin shifts?
Econ 100A final
drugs and brain final grade?
how'd you feel about the 170 final
math 54 final wehrheim
How much should I study for a P/NP Final?
GSI appointment and academic probation
Anyone have any LSCS appeal success stories?
[vent] I want to rip my hair out
Got a 69.41 in Math 1B
What year has the best CS170 lectures?
Indeng 185 - Amazoogle?
"Two employees from another university"... lol probably salty stanfurd bois
L&amp;S degree requirement overlap for triple majors
I've been seeing more guys on campus with ear and/or nose piercings and I'm so into it! Y'all look hot, lets keep this trend going
Did anyone who straight up excelled in high school outright fail in berkeley?
Which order should I take these stats classes in? (133, 134/140, 135)
Help with schedule. For Engineering undeclared (intented MechEng)
Which cs courses are usually offered online during summer sessions?
CS61A : need bin shift desperately
stressed about failing 61B
Teleman final
GRADUATED!! What do I do next for degree conferral?
Announcements
Data science minor questions
50th on ECON 100A WAITLSIT
Low effort meme I made to take a "short" break from studying
Clipper card after graduation
WHY is gpa ~so~ important?!?!
Public computers with matlab on campus?
Did someone draw on these squirrels at Cal with a black marker?
It looks like someone might have drawn on these squirrels at Cal with a black marker. If so, they should stop immediately. Shame on them!
Math 1A grades
CS61A bin shift
The MOST important thing we can do for undergraduate student diversity
Daddy's Speech
cs188 final grade distribution
Do the grade distribution bins usually get shifted for Bio 1b?
For Mechanical engineering, do I have to take E7? Or can I take cs61a for that req??
Sproul at 8pm be like
AC and American History Requirement
Is it within reason to commute to South Park SF from the Berkeley campus over the summer?
deTAILS
Cal Football: Justin Wilcox, National Signing Day, December 18th
Cal Football: Justin Wilcox press conference, National Signing Day, December 18th, 2020
Introducing #CalGang20: the 25 recruits Cal Football is adding this year
astro c10 curve
Final tommorow at 8am but brain hurts from studying :(
There should be a rant thread
Berkeley overcomes reservations to move ahead with housing at BART stations
Saw this right after failing a final and going to ESS to blow off some steam with my advisor.
so is astroc10 going to be curved or what? how does it work? failed the final btw
Phil 25A Final
CS Courses for the final semester
The Dirks Era had way better memes than the Carol Christ Era
Econ 100a Final and curve?
Can’t accept the reality of getting an A-
astro c10
How hard are E25 and E27???? For 2 units how much work should I expect?
Math 54 or EE16A?
Sounds familiar
if you're a senior in last semester who got into his or her dream job/grad school, can u just fail a course
Nutrition 10
“Professor, can I give partial credit, since this student looks like they tried really hard?”
Failing a class in last semester at Cal
Where to get replacement laptop charger fast?
Best housing option for a grad student who is staying for just a semester? Advice desperately needed!
Major indecision
petition to split into multiple subreddits
How did y'all feel about the EECS16B final?
f r i d a y
How fucked is my grade for EE16A?
When is the CS61A final?
Why are people so rude
Do many people here usually skip math 1b from calc bc in hs?
thoughts on the math 54 final?
Question on withdrawal
Thoughts on Astro C10 Final?
Math 110 with EE16A + CS70 + some prior lin alg experience?
Math 110 Frenkel Final
CS70 finals. how do i calculate my score?
Anyone who just took the EECS16b FINAL
HD video of the 1982 Big Game between Cal and Stanfurd
Will I die next semester?
Any Grads Pursuing Masters in EU? Advice Please!
CS61B Fall 2018 Final
Nutrisci 10, how do I pass with P/NP?
Is the Global Studies major competitive?
DoorDash Carrier Stealing Packages from Apt Complex After Delivering Food
how does grading in ee16a work?
How to not catastrophize over 61A final?
Christ Math 1B Final
best way to handle math 10a final?
Will Smokehouse ever re-open?
People who took 16A fall 2018: do you remember how much the bins moved?
Email about offensive video by the Chancellor
Made this for my buddy who I see on Steam 24/7
Stats 20 Final Ibser
Astro c10 Final
Can you walk in the spring commencement if you can only finish your degree the fall after? i.e walking spring 2020 and finishing fall 2020
why does everyone at berkeley take loud shits
Most Berkeley boys are alright. But I swear Berkeley macho, hypermasculine, insecure-but-overcompensating boys are worse than that type usually is in the real world.
FBI Director Wray, AG Barr, SoD Shanahan, and SoS Pompeo all raped boys for billions in bribes for Soros &amp; Koch funded child rape org. So did Trump, &amp; his "impeachment" team Nadler, Schiff, &amp; Mueller. So did media moguls Redstone, Murdoch, Moonves. What is this preparation for? Who can arrest them?
how do i tell my roommate to shut up
Can you get into Haas with a b+ in one of the pre reqs?
Too late to do AlcoholEdu Part 2?
2019 Ranking of Top US Universities by Endowment and Net Assets
Heavy duty moving boxes
Ap physics c mech vs 7a?
Did anybody get into berkeley with low high school stats
Impeach Trump today at 4pm Grand Lake Theater Oakland 5pm Federal Building SF
Does tylenol help if i cant sleep after an all nighter?
Where can my friends sleep on campus?
Can't go to sleep
Im tearing up your few pages of notes
If you literally can’t stop coughing for even a few minutes, you should not be on the 5th floor
Thoughts on Stat 33a?
We have A-, A, and A+...
Anyone taken NWMEDIA/INFO C265 Interface Aesthetics?
Workload advice
2019 Ranking of the Wealthiest Top University in US
Is a C- Passing?
will i die? advice appreciated
New Sequoia Apartments parking?
Tips to prepare for EECS16B?
Is caltrain free for cal students?
Cheating on final
Will I die next semester?
if you get stressed during finals week, just remember that home depot has a theme song
I turned in my late adjustment flyer the day it was due. I used it to drop a class. However, the class still shows up on Cal Central. Do y’all know when the change will be made?
Ego and reflections
Anyone down to study Stats 20 (preferably someone with Ibser) and/or Economics 100A tomorrow or Wednesday?
Gamers of Reddit, Do you have any experience just not studying at all for a final?
El Clasico
Data 8 final views
Applied to berkeley
Woah
How was your first final?
Has anyone taken PS3 with Wittenberg during the fall?
At what point does proficiency in AP CS A content stop helping you in CS61B?
SB Hacks VI apps CLOSE TONIGHT @ 11:59pm!!!
LB Evan Weaver is on ESPN’s College Football All-American team!!!
Looking to rent Parking (Ashby/South Berkeley area)
6 month J Parking Permit?
SB Hacks VI Apps close tonight!! Apply now at sbhacks.com!
Poli Sci 179 study group for final exam?
I've had to relearn Lagrangian optimization in 3 different classes yet each time it's as if I've never heard of the concept.
Might fail a class for the second time
Professor Stuart Russell is doing an AMA on r/books!
average physics7a final scores?
񕀾
[Advice Needed] Medical Emergency
i think i lost a friend today
i think i lost my friend today
How does one acquire a Moffitt napping pod?
EE16B or CS70?
Academic Probation &amp; Dismissal
Godspeed Everyone. 5 Days Left
Have a friend visiting over and wanted to show him a fun time. What are some cool things to check out around Berkeley or SF?
Anthro 3AC guide
have you cross registered at mills before?
can anybody who took data8 before share their composite score
Question on Data Science GPA requirements
How long does it take for withdrawal to process?
Johns Ice Cream Gone
From the CS61C Piazza: how does one get a negative score?
[vent] I'm going to fail.
Earthquake?
Fall Intercession courses?
How hard is it so switch majors within L&amp;S
Has anyone been to the hot tub place near Trader Joes?
Fascinating responses to CS mental health
Schedule Planning
Bio 1B grade bins
it is fr iday gamners
The Mental Health Problem in CS - From CS61B
Data Science SWE
I want to play music again
Mac not loading pages
Pro Tip: You can pop out the sockets in Doe by using a key (or other flat metal object) to push the tabs on either side, then just wiggle it out.
Drop for mental health reasons
Maybe if I learn how to lucid dream, I can study in my sleep too
no joke I think I lost a friend today
Where do you get quarters regularly?
Why does Berkeley have so much SJW?
Summer class schedule, can't see professor's name?
Might NP a seminar
Bears fall to Saint Mary’s 89-77
What’s the longest that anyone has stayed in Moffitt without leaving the building?
Data Science major and CS minor?
Declaring major 2nd semester 3rd year
Classics 10A Final Location
Which CS professors pursue cheating?
does anyone know how they evaluate the cs declaration forms?
This is my 28th tattoo ♥️ I’m an apprentice in sf and am doing 60-160$ tattoos and would love some willing participants in my journey! Message me on ig if you’re down :) @brittnaami
Any barber shop recommendations?
Massage chairs
How late is fsm cafe open till tonight?
Do they factor in people who p/np the class when they calculate the curve for the entire class?
Was anyone penalized for turning in late work during the fire outages?
Library Hack
Physics / Anatomy Question
How to stay awake?
'Adulting' is hard. UC Berkeley has a class for that
Dead Week Just Ended!
Adjustment period enrollment
pls send me/direct me to a source of finals memes because I'm really going through it rn
Food pantry?
This sun is recharging me just in time for finals!
Gift for letter of rec writer
Every time my solution is correct, I get hard
is it OK to NP?
Petitioning out of Math 1B?
Anyone have old MSE45 finals?
fri day
Eecs help
Wtf is wrong with people here
After all the rain these past few days, here’s a happy cloud to carry you through Dead Week (IG:@uc.barkeley)
After a semester long hike, the golden phallus is in touching distance. All the best for next week!
math 16a with slaman
Help out the poor freshies
HOW CAN I BE REGENTS AS A SOPHOMORE
has anyone been able to submit a late change of schedule even after the deadline?
STAT 134 COURSE EVALS
MCB 55 gang?
CoE Late Drop
Looking for a study partner
Hellerstein Tonight
Hellerstein - Emergency Protective Order - Harassment
REMINDER: HW11 WORTH 4 POINTS OS DUE TONIGHT
CS61A - DO YOUR HOMEWORK
Just came across this emoticon. Let's share this bear my friends! uwu &lt;3 Have a great week eveybody! Sending positive vibes to YOU~
Hellerstein just threatened my friend
UPDATE HELLERSTEIN
UPDATE HELLERSTEIN
Math 16B final exam curve?
how do you get berkeley guys to know that you like them
FINALLY!!! A Quali-tea Reusable Boba Bottle!! Time to have enjoy guilt-free boba! Check out the Boba Bottle project on Kickstarter https://bit.ly/bobamate
Housing for regents?
EECS 16A no curve?
Hank Ibser Finals
Keto-friendly restaurants in Berkeley?
Econ 100A Curve
lost item at Clark Kerr campus
Does berkeley have a csgo team?
Math 104 Final Tips
Need a Math 54 Tutor
Going to office hours for an essay
CS61b
What are some easy classes that don't require attendance?
does anyone want a book of some sp19 cs70 material for their own use?
Could someone propose a thesis for a roadmap to type one civilization?
where do i find this sweater???? can’t find it online anywhere
Looking for a Stat 20 Tutor
Let's try this again and think about the fact that he has used healthcare and professional advancement against them? Berkeley is smarter than that
Seriously disappointed in Cal
Professor Marc Hellerstein - UC Berkeley
NP for major pre-req?
Professor Marc Hellerstein - UC Berkeley
Professor Marc Hellerstein - UC Berkeley
Professor Marc Hellerstein
Professor Marc Hellerstein - UC Berkeley
Professor Marc Hellerstein
M Hellerstein
And his name is John DeNero!! You will not regret
Marc Hellerstein
CS61a finals that are worth practicing
Moffit desk person:
How hard is it to get a B+ in CS70?
Marc Hellerstein
Friendly reminder to complete the CS61A surveys!!!
Looking for a tutor in math 1a before the final?
Marc Hellerstein
Where do I go to get a clinical evaluation for depression?
M Hellerstein
Marc Hellerstein
The Comedy Loft- FREE Stand Up show Wednesday 12/18 7pm At Legionnaire Saloon!
Will any grade be replaced if you repeat the course
What are some low to medium commitment clubs that have to do with finance/investing/banking
Thousands of foreign students may have overstayed their visas.
Possible to do BA in Comp-sci from letters and sciences and Business Admin degree from Haas
Anyone have a law school ID
HISTART 186c Final
Attention Political Economy/Global Studies Majors: Help get this seminar running!
anywhere on campus to scream?
Should i late drop my R1A?
CS61a Final
San Francisco investigators recover more than $2 Million worth of stolen goods
Is there a way to check if a professor has tenured or not?
Drugs and the Brain Grades
Econ 1 Curve
How can I drop a class?
Is 7 courses in first semester possible...
There's a bad cough cold going around
SWE
Cal Men's Basketball remains undefeated at home after ugly win against Fresno State
when did you guys use your late drop, and why?
Do student-athletes at Cal actually have an advantage when it comes to attracting girls?
Academic Probation
Mexican vs. Asian War Brewing Over Abolishing SAT/ACT at U. of California
How much money do CS/Math GSIs make?
Willing to pay for cs61a tutor!
on the verge of NPing an intro major-related class
prepping for berkeley consulting clubs
Does anyone know if the late drop for Math 1a passed already for undergraduates?
Where are Ü NOW?
More time?
Update on Cal Basketball: Men and Women win, playing double header this Saturday at Haas Pavilion
Can I change the grading option of a class after the class has finished?
When is naked run?
Live Music @ Spats
Who to contact?
How to connect to campus vpn on Ubuntu?
Can you reload your clipper card with a credit card?
Where did you guys find your SO in Berkeley?
Is UC Berkeley diverse?
announcements
How could I transfer from UT Austin to UCB?
Hummingbird Cafe
Anyone down to start a consulting or strategy based club?
Experience with SkyDeck Internships?
It's all but official: Baldwin is gone next season
How difficult is Paulin’s Math 1A final? Is it close to the practice exams?
what happens if you don't pass a pnp
If you are a freelancer and want free coffee, you should come to the ASUC Student Union.
How much do classes cost?
cs 70 finals
Does Anyone know if UGBA 10 is going to be curved?
Should I use my emergency drop?
Late change of class schedule?
SUPPORT GRADUATE STUDENTS AT UCSC!!!!
Anyone else find it difficult thriving in this school?
Swapping 2 classes for 1
How old do you have to be to
Can someone show me how to access this pay-walled article? "Econ 101: Chicago? M.I.T.? Nope, Berkeley's on Top"
Any big asian d wants to distress me during rrr week? Hmu
My professor said he plans to make our final exam challenging to make sure we won’t get bored hurray!!1! 😀🔫
Date ideas near Berkeley for someone under 21?
Can I transfer to Berkeley's chemistry program in 2020 if I have 60 credit hours by the end of spring 2020 but am taking chemistry 3B in the summer of 2020?
Is it just me or AirBears is borderline unusable right now at Mainstacks?
Can I transfer into the Chemistry department If I'm taking 421 the summer prior to my admission?
is it possible to check out main stacks books at the moffitt circulation desk
Naked Run
Yet another person who wants to drop CS 61A
Is there a fee to have a late change of class schedule?
Most Underrated Cal Professors?
CHEM 1A STUDY GUIDE Plzzzz
My Dream School
Last days of fall 🍂
CS Internships in the Bay Area
Last days of fall
Redbox not making a strong first impression here...
Summer Housing Co-Ops
Is it too late to switch back from P/NP to graded?
Stretch &amp; Flex at LKS this morning
In case this helps you for finals!!
Can you be involved in clubs but not be enrolled in classes?
Math 53 for spring 2020
Juggling two research internships (physics)
Anyone want to start studying for the EECS127 final together?
Concurrent Enrollment Question
Classics 36 Final
Hello ladies and gents
Cs61b
High School CC Classes affect GPA?
A compilation of all the "Annoucements" DeNero said this semester for your enjoyment during the RRR week
Another Late Drop Question – Financial Aid
Last two weeks in Berkeley
Why does literally no video game work on CalVisitor/AirBears/eduroam?
PSA: Get ready for more expensive boba starting January 1, 2020
the home of everyone for the next two weeks (don’t actually sleep in moffitt tho gl everyone!)
Should I accept being placed into Academic probation for failing a class and retake that class later on to get the grade replaced? Or should I use my late drop? Thoughts?
Most Stable Wifi in Berkeley?
Roommate talking on the phone during finals week
Berkeley cancels remaining weeks of school due to inclement weather.
Academic probation?
Failing a class?
Good excuse to avoid finals? Break your arm.
Declaring MCB using Physics 5a and 5b?
Looking into a phD in MCB department
Shipping Packages from here
Alcohol education post semester survey is broken!
Won't clear academic probation for l&amp;s....will I get kicked out?
Cal football player arrested after attack on Berkeley police officer
Why are there three police officers on sproul plaza?
Workload &amp; Schedule
When are the hours for l&amp;s advising in evans? Please help! Is it over already for today?
Math 1A Last Minute Study Buddy?
For any GSI's, if we willingly submit the academic dishonesty form for a class and do not get reported to the OSC, does the infraction still get stored in some way in our student record?
Why are quiet hours less strict than courtesy hours?
SI 60: The Courage of Jill Costello
Controversial video guy: my second take
gOODBYE BALDWIN
There’s no way to get bad grades taken off your transcript after the semester is over, right? Even with a doctor’s note stating that I had mental health problems?
I hate cs70.
Late Drop Worried
Data 8 Project 3
Econ 162
Willing to pay tutor to help with CS61A studying for the next week PM Me if interested
Chancellor Christ gave donuts to kids studying at Moffitt just now!
Side effect of the recent video
Into the Unknown
Swab for Science Party on December 13th
If I fail Math 1A and I’m already enrolled into Math 1b for next semester, could i still take it math 1b next semester? I know I’d still have to take math 1a but could I take that sometime afterwards?
This school/twitter culture is a joke
Chance of getting off the waitlist for Chem 1AL, I'm #47?
Purposely getting others sick for finals?
From a fellow Australian with a diagnosed intellectual disability, how does it feel to be in a prestigious university and to be quite smart?
Anthro 3ac final study guide
How bad is a low (&gt;3.0) GPA for your first semester?
Oujia, how do you spell a racist idiot that tries too hard to be edgy?
What libraries/facilities are open 24 hours this week?
Grad School Advice
Robak O chem final difficulty
issue with facebook groups confirmation?
Global Studies 10B -
Anybody loose a pink wallet in front of Unit 1 Douche?
any parties / kickbacks tn?
My math grade is very close to failing.. What could I do about it other than studying very hard for the final?
R1A and R1B classes to take at Community College
Potential academic probation
Is Data structure a prereq for Data sceicne BA major?
Why so small?
Academic probation
My take on this whole fiasco
Feeling like I don’t know shit about this school
Kpop dance club on campus
Too many units?
I saw the video of the brown guy talking shit about our fellow black brothers and sisters and women in general. The video has been really disturbing me. Was he drunk or on drugs, does anyone know? Has he been suspended from the school yet?
Incompetent/Useless Student Services
Enrolling in art 8
Can we check out books from any library for the winter break?
Cal Football makes it to the Red Box Bowl!!!
Urgent Financial Help
What are some iconic Berkeley landmarks on campus or around campus?
Take on the offensive video
The "Prodigy"
Allah-Las ticket for sale in SF this tuesday! pm me
Cal football now receiving votes again, technically 40th in the country
math 110 + stat 134 + stat 135?
Math 54 final
For those currently in cs88: how is it?
Controversial take on the video
Singing on the Northside?
FEW QUESTIONS ON WORK-STUDY
can you replace an NP with a P if you retake a course?
Controversial video guy
Video Controversy
Cal students, is it easier for you to date girls from other schools?
Transfer Chance Me
Dead week
Average on math 54 final
Considering Summer 2020 Exchange and Wondering about CS Courses
LPT
Does anyone have the webcast to the conclusion of CS61A this semester
It's raining today. Here's a Bird scooter coupon code.
cog sci 1 for freshmen
Chem 1A
Chem 1A
Offensive Viral Video
course evals
On campus apartments vs Off Campus apartment
What is Haas and how can I avoid it?
Where can I dispose e-waste?
Power Outage on Northside?
Math Advice
Hannah Zeavin
Any songwriters?
Subscribing a restaurant (one restaurant)
Good first date places in Berkeley?
An Opinion about the recent Video
anyone in ieor 171?
WHOM wanna study CS70 or CS61A
Getting permission to enroll in grad courses?
An Interesting 1 Unit course pertaining to math/computer science?
clark kerr kids understand
We're supposedly playing against Illinois at the Redbox Bowl in Santa Clara
Anyone in Anthro 3AC wanna work on the study guide together?
D-D-Denero s-sempai
mean of final
Review of Professor Rasmussen IEOR 185 - Disrupt Berkeley (Fall19)
Help a graduating senior out
@ haas
How hard is it to get into HAAS? I personally feel like I’m not doing so well but my studying habits have been progressing. Im a freshman on my first semester of the year.
I messed up. Badly.
There needs to be mandatory de-privilege classes at UCB.
What are the past averages for hilfinger's 61b final?
lost and found for daytime bear transit
PSA: Use your extra flex dollars to help those in need!
What does it mean to take a class not for credit?
Late Drop
UGBA Operations
A note on Astro C10
graduated 1999. finished actually fall 1999. my card as an incoming freshman fall 1995
Campus condemns racism, bigotry in light of offensive video
All that taking drop classes the I?
To any MechE or possible Materials/Civil
people of 16b what did you get
I'm out of the loop. What's the deal with the offensive video that everyone is talking about?
Legit the most Berkeley way to end undergrad
Lonely Umbrella
Anxious about CS61b and EE16b
When HS students are stressed
Who are the ones even renting these apartments - released pricing of The Durant (new apartment building across from Unit 1)?
The 61b Saga Continues
The 61b Saga Continues
What’s Math 1A’s curve like? (With Paulin)
should I use my emergency drop?
does cs70 not have official course tutors?
301 position on the comp Sci 61 A waitlist
It's actually quite a blessing
Should I wait to get off the wait list for cogsci 1?
[#23] Have a question about waitlists, classes, grades, or housing? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
Personal information of private individuals is not allowed here. Posting any kind of personal or private information of non-public individuals will result in an instant permanent ban, as well as a site-wide ban.
Student Hair-colorists? or Good places to get hair dyed/cut?
Unpopular Opinion: Haas majors are just econ majors that took the easy way out
About the recently circulating video, an apology.
Any freshmen taking CS70 ?
Y’all see this?
With Authority: Tackling Evan Weaver of the California Golden Bears
Anyone know who this racist guy is?? Looks like Blackwell
A rising sun we’ll never see at 3pm. Ding, dong, ding... it’s time for finals.
Manifesting this so hard 🙏🙏
Dead Week Study Tips + Stress Management
Is drugs and the brain offered in any of summer sessions?
Good physiotherapists in Berkeley?
Is Math 110 Webcasted?
Can I drop a class that I added during phase 1 enrollment?
Will I get into math 1B? Help a scared freshman bear
Aerial color photograph of the UC Berkeley College of Chemistry, circa 1948
Cancel Residence Hall Contract for Spring?
Pay someone to root Pixel
Is it easy to sign over a lease for summer semester?
How are summer online classes?
getting a bid in the spring for a frat
Are FPF classes on Berkeley time?
CS70 or internship Freshman Summer?
Best Knowledge About SEO Facts | Each CEO Should Know About
“Someone needs to put Sahai In he’s place!” - former Cal Grad
How to Write a Paper in One Night
You should have changed your legal name!! Why didn't you check which name would be on the diploma?!
People who live 2+ miles from campus (without a car), do you regret it?
Coziest libraries on campus?
Have you taken CS194-26: Image Manipulation and Computational Photography?
When are summer classes released?
stat140 vs stat134?
Scheduling EECS advice need. Help a confused senior bear.
Don't tell me the odds...but Ron Rivera could possibly become our coach. Fingers crossed.
study tips
Need advice from anyone that took Math 1a last semester with Paulin..
Intro to Python Programming Course
Good therapists in the area?
How likely for me to get in this class?
How helpful is the math 54 adjunct?
Does INDENG 95 (Newton Lecture Series) expand for the waitlist?
has anyone taken 100b with olney?
Overseen in CS188, CS stickers lmao
Rhetoric r1a or theatre R1A?
Dining Hall Food
How is professor phillip wood for math 53?
MCB/PSYCH C61 with David Presti?
Spanish Proficiency Exam Advice
How do i play league of legends
Do we still go to class next week?
looking for STAT88 tutor pls help save me
The Campanille reimagined (2019)
Reduced courseload
civil engineering major + arch minor
Recycling N2O Canisters
Cosmic Pluralism Studies
Italian 120 (Pirillo) vs Classic 10B (Hallet) for Arts and Literature breadth
English for Med Schools???
Math 53 Professor
Student Loan Disbursement Timeline
What’s the best way to get your girlfriend back after she caught you cheating with a professor to raise your final grade?
Anyone need a friend?
CS/Math double wanting to switch to CS/Data Science, but I took Math 55
I used to think my academic life at Berkeley was a tragedy, but now I realize it’s a comedy
I made an Oski. Here’s Oski after we won the axe.
Math/Applied Math Jobs
I made an Oski
"Nobody post in this online, I don't want to become a meme." -Professor Zook
CS61A: my chronicle of anxiety, panic, and depression
Tips for excelling in Math 54?
The hardest part about Berkeley is that I don’t have a place to cry in without people looking at me
Can i have a frog in my dorm room
Where do I buy department sweaters?
I’m a pathetic person whose only past time is watching anime
Y'all know if there is an ibd/crohns group on campus?
Design Innovation 23 workload?
Earn $85 on the same day by watching an ad!
Is it possible to reserve a classroom with a projector during dead week?
Any on campus Readings/Lectures/galleries happening at the moment that I can attend ASAP??
Oh no Kiwibot are you okay
The Oskicraft Winter Update (help us decorate the tree!)
Should I use my late drop on a P/NP class?
Lets build a list of the best food/drink spots around campus
I made some Oski stickers 🐻
Dating in Berkeley...
iclicker asuc return
Petition to call finals week the final vibe check
umbrella recommendations
Staff Positions for CS 61A?
Gifting Letter of Recommendation Writers
cs61c final average?
moffitt doors
Don't want On Campus Housing
Rhetoric R1B Teacher (Jennifer Lum) QUESTION!
Auditing suggestions
EE16B drama...as is tradition
Drugs and the Brain MT3
How do I deal with a professor at Berkeley who was bullying me?
Does anyone have an experience with a L&amp;S Retroactive Withdrawal?
Why does EE16A course staff blatantly lie to its students every semester?
People keep wanting to study together but I feel slightly uncomfortable?
Check out these adorable stick insects I just hatched! They’ve already molted twice
Questions about insurance stuff and tang center
Application Submitted, awaiting results, questioning life choices
Hell Yeah! Guy, is he still in Berkeley?
Classes for 2nd Semester LS CS
why is berkeleytime down?
Anyone speak Canontese and want to help with a quick good deed?
What Berkeley related gift should I give my parents for Christmas?
where to buy umbrella?
Summer 2020 Sublet
EE16A grading bins
Earn $85 on the same day by watching an Ad!
Question about Econ 2 enrollment
Anyone want to come to USF for our basketball game tomorrow?
How r u guys all so SMART????
Get in as English and transfer to Data Science
What has your club/org done to improve/maintain member retention? Or, what do you wish your club had done?
Taking Math 55 without having completed 1B?
Grad school with low GPA
Confused as to when I should be back from winter break?
Clubs to join my last semester?
What was your best and worst semester at Cal?
LOST KEYS! Did anyone find keys in Dwinelle earlier today?
How hard is it to get into Econ undeclared?
Who is teaching Data 8 next sem? Are they a good professor?
So it was a publicity stunt....
UC Berkeley would never
anyone here in delta phi epsilon (foreign service frat?)
Polisci179
Campus was really pretty today ☺️
[Need Advice] General Off-Campus Housing Costs?
Forgot to fill out statement if legal residence form
best course to take to learn spanish conversation?
Painted skies today
Phase 2
Reinvention? 🤔
Nadler, Mueller, &amp; Schiff all rape and kill boys in Buffalo, NY on the night of January 14th, 2019, as Trump did earlier that morning. The "impeachment" is a vehicle for keeping power, they are all working together. Full audio proving this entirely here, all three admit collusion with the President.
What class should I take?
When you come back from Thanksgiving break a little chonkier but you pretend everything’s ok
Are blackwell rooms always cold?
No Microsoft Word License?
Cal Football ends year ranked 33 in AP poll
CS188 if I’m planning on CS189
Or....maybe not?
Notes for Poli Sci 179?
How much does financial aid cover for your tuition?
I’m going to miss those little guys :,(
What can I expect life to be like for the spring semester as a freshman?
Transfer
Press F to pay respects for our Kiwis
RIP KIWIBOT 😥😥😥
RIP Kiwi Bot :’-(
Tornado in Berkeley? Wtf
Why don’t we spend our endowment money?
Assignment #4 for UGBA 135
$16/Hr, Jobs available at Taiwan Professional Tea, 2383 Telegraph Ave, flexible schedules
How’s CS61 BL in summer?
data8 composite score was updated today
People taking Physics 177 - Principles of Molecular Biophysics, thoughts about the class?
Math 224a
Anyone have experience filing patents?
61c cheating worried
61c cheating question
Biggest comeback story in a class going terribly?
Flights back to Berkeley
EE/CS Community Week
Overseen in CS61C: Mass Cheating Scandal Inbound 👀
Anyone willing to collaborate on ugba 135 hw genuinely confused pm me if interested
Odds of getting into COGSCI 131? I don't have a reserved seat.
61c cheating
Math 54 grade distribution
Any chubby Asian girls wanna suck a 7 inch dick?
Using an emergency drop versus just not doing this last week's assignments in a P/NP class?
WiFi not working on Pixel 2?
does anyone want to compare answers for the UGBA 135 homework I feel like we didn’t have enough guidance and now I’m confused
Engineering professors be like
Patrick Laird, the god of Haas, scores game-winning touchdown, becomes Dolphins' starting running back
What is the UCB dating scene like?
Chemical Engineering Masters Program
Dead Week
When transferring, do they only look at your average GPA?
looking for a 61b tutor to help me with gitlet!
Poli sci 179
CS70 Grade
where can I borrow a type-C laptop charger?
Need to Study? Adderall binge? or Finals week. Got the perfect music to stimulate your brain and put you in the right state of mind to focus and kill those exams. 8K+ followers. Good luck :)
When to Return from Winter Break?
Grateful Dead - 8/19/89 Greek Theater, Berkeley, CA (Full Show)
How to flip the switch
Overheard music at Anna Head... do any of you know who it was?
Netflix Student Survey
URGENT HAAS APP SYSTEM ERROR
Go bears! Cheers from the rose bowl
Cal Dining
Where to meet people
DESPARTE FOR ROOM SWITCH
How enforced are the physics pre-requisites to take physics upper-divs?
One of the core ideas of this subreddit is evolution, in particular, natural selection
Cal makes Pasadena Bear Territory
[Postgame Thread] Cal defeats UCLA 28-18
[Postgame Thread] Cal defeats UCLA 28-18
Inline skating buddies at Berkeley?
GO BEARS! Cal beats UCLA 28-18 to close out the regular season!
ROLL ON YOU BEARS
We can absolutely not allow them to derestrict gun laws
The Bio1B saga continues
Where can I buy UC Broccoli apparel?
Lab Experience at Berkeley as a potential grad student?
LETTER OF RECCOMENDATION
Want to learn cs162 but can't take class. Can I do the projects?
Difference between being a tutor on cs61a course staff and a tutor through CSM?
Should I use emergency drop?
Lost! A green wool coat and denim bag
Overseen on Bio1B Piazza: a plea to end unfair grading
Looking for ultimate?
Your Father Is My Buttslammer: The James Harden Story
Life as L&amp;S CS vs EECS
Do a lot of clubs recruit again in the Spring semester?
Don't become this guy.
International students and thanksgiving
chases of admission as Data science major!!
Anyone here is a private tutor(to k-12 kids)?
Anyone else here in UGBA 135?
Hidden gems in Berkeley?
9 Types of Engineering Students: Undergraduate Edition
Studying tips for finals
NUSCTX 10 - How much effort to pass?
Cant sleep
Applied Mathematics major vs Mathematics major
How do Seminar and Special Topics Course show up on your Transcript?
The homeless shelter in Berkeley promotes all sorts of illegal activity
Is there a pool club (or snooker, or really any other cue sport) here?
Is there a pool (balls, not swimming) at Berkeley?
Any places with vaporwave/lofi aesthetic in Berkeley?
asian culture/history classes workload?
Cal central trying to swap classes now?
Good places to tutor someone at Cal?
Any PhD students in Molecular and Cell Biology? I'm looking for laboratory recommendations.
How does summer financial aid work?
Physics 8A
No honors courses as an international student
This is kind of scummy of the CAA
am i screwed?? (SLR &amp; CA residency)
MET Program
Anyone taking or having taken PHYSICS 177 (Principles of Molecular Biophysics)? Thoughts?
This YouTube video has mischaracterized that protest. Feel free to contribute to the thread to correct their misconceptions.
Any decent Asian stationary/craft/art supply store in Berkeley?
Spending Thanksgiving alone
AP Credit
AP credit
What are the best bed toppers?
Financial math question
m4m alone on thanksgiving break
24 m4r thanksgiving break hangout?
UGBA 10 grades
When you see the turkey on the table
Spending Thanksgiving alone
Fallen behind in 61B big time.
[Econ 162 Chinese Economy] Anyone know the date and time of the final exam?
This is Myosin Protein dragging an Endorphin along a filament to the inner part of the brain’s Parietal Cortex which creates happiness. Happiness is taking one step after another.
This is Myosin Protein dragging an Endorphin along a filament to the inner part of the brain’s Parietal Cortex which creates happiness. Happiness is taking one step after another.
Question for declared L&amp;S CS majors
University Student Satisfaction
HELP
What is the UCB dating scene like?
Homework due Thanksgiving Night
Package sent to MLK Student Union?
Yall who have taken econ 141 or 104,
Anyone else get sad during their trips back home?
BART Sucks -10 Reasons You Hate It
Taking CC classes while at Cal (concurrently)
alumni, is getting laid exponentially harder after graduation?
Judi Online | Poker Online | Dominobet Online | Bigbropoker
bio or international studies breadths with a light workload?
Is this why most men have hard time finding GF on Tinder or even IRL? lol
warm places to study on campus?
Is this why I haven't had much success on Tinder? lol
Creative Writing Minors?
Looking for feedback on a student community side project 😸
Is there a squirrel feeding club on campus?
Trying to find a good club in my last semester
Do you have to take all the surveys for your courses??
Sophomore declared IB thinking about switching to CS
Any CS Transfers from OOS?
PS179 Doc?
Global Management Program (GMP) Application Inquiry
Anyone taken PLANTBI 40 before?
Grad School Application, Length of Personal and Personal History Statement
Mugged outside Wheeler in broad daylight (*Caution*: NSFW)
Oakland airport is a fucking shit storm tonight. Anyone else here for the delays, power outage &amp; fire alarm?!
My roommate keeps bringing guests over at our dorm room
Transfer applicant here! Would anyone be willing to give me feedback on my personal insight questions?
UCLA QB Dorian-Thompson Robinson might not start against Cal
I just had a bunch of adorable baby praying mantises hatch!
When Will the Naked Run happen?
This rain is making me feel lonelier than ever
Cal Men's Swim Team meet President Trump today. So proud...
Getting a B- in ECON 100B
how do i nominate myself as vice chancellor of finance
Family, friends say insanity plea means no justice in Emilie Inman murder case
Need a B- in CS70 to Declare
Racism while interracial dating at Berkeley?
Anyone taking data8 this semester
People who got an A in CS70 last year, can you please share how many standard deviations you were above the mean for the midterms and final? I'm trying to calculate what I need for an A. (MT1: +0.12SD, MT2: +0.43SD)
Sleep Outreach Project
Got written up for bringing drunk roommate back to dorm
Anyone staying in Berkeley this week?
Honest question: Is there a problem with illicit drugs and the political left?
Is this real or sketchy?
I will most likely fail a technical elective. What should I do?
Beyoncé or Bears Boulevard? You could rename (2 blocks of) Shattuck
Is the axe in the MLK Student Union?
Mcb 102
I'm a Cal alum who started an eco paper-wrapped, plastic-free organic tampon company. I want students to have access to free period products. Who can I talk to @ Cal to get this done?
2nd Saturday’s @ Spats
cannot connect to airbears2 :/
I made a mistake picking ethnic studies.
RISC-V Foundation moving to Switzerland over trade curb fears
Can I request to have furniture taken out of the dorm that my roommate and I don’t need?
Need a semester break, what are my options?
how bad is failing a p/np class?
yo where tf did everyone go
A water color painting of the tree in the Berkeley Law School’s courtyard.
What the hell is going on
Survivor: Berkeley
Heading into Thanksgiving break like
Does anybody have experience withdrawing this late in the semester?
Looking to buy weed
On-Campus Sophomore Housing
I created a new subreddit to share analog photos taken around the Bay Area. Check out r/SanFranciscoAnalog if that’s your thing.
Dorm Transfers
Russian 1
Places to study during Thanksgiving?
Questions About Math Requirements for Grad School
Go Bears!
Bears aren’t real
To the guy in CS61B who snorts his way through the entire lecture....
Anyone with a record player I could listen to some new vinyl on?
History w/ Novoa
Is there a way to let the Tang Center (or some supervisor) know about a good experience I had with one of their employees?
Anyone have experience with Jennifer Lum? I have for my R1B class next semester
PSA: Scammer Dude with Broken Car/Injured Daughter
Why is CS70 so retarded lmao
Korean, Mandarin and Japanese Language Classes
Dissertation Help Please! (Ages 18-25, Undergraduate and Graduate Students)
Test Banks for Past Finals?
to the guys protesting against shitting in toilets
cant enroll in Cog Sci 1
IB35ac final paper
Drop the SAT and ACT as a requirement for admission, top UC officials say
Do other schools close their dorms during the winter break?
Tips for Organizing a Garage Wall
Falsely flagged for cheating in CS61A?
Last minute CA driver to accompany me for DMV test
Can we bling up our subreddit?
Upper div prereqs
How much flex dollar will roll over to spring semester?
How to get past CalNet 2-step (phone broke)
First Axe Rally in 10 Years! Monday, November 25th. Sproul Steps
For those who have taken MATH 126 (Introduction to Partial Differential Equations), how was it?
Don't Feel Lonely in San Francisco
CS61B Projects Recycled?
[The Axe] Being held by everyone BUT the players who fought tooth and nail for it... interesting
How much do you guys reproduce?
Housing as a sophomore
Moffitt overnight
Advice on finding affordable studio apartment in the area.
What can I spend flex dollars on that isn't meals?
CS162 Project Group Spring 2020
CS61B Gitlet
Would I decrease my chances of getting into UC Berkeley by declaring my major as "intending a major in Business Administration at Haas" vs just "Economics"?
Can I bring Thai Basil pad thai through tsa at Oakland Airport?
Rich Lyons singing with his guitar 🎸 at the farmers market
Thought you guys might like this i designed for S H I R T S print .
The chaos of The Axe handover to CalFootball . The Cal Axe Committee even fell and ate it on top of The Axe shortly after taking it from Stanford.
The Golden Bears: Big Game
Transferring questions
Is anyone going to see Paul Van Dyk next week in SF?
Petition to build a statue of Chase Garbers
Self studying circuits portion of EECS 16A
Where to find magic mushrooms ?
Spotted this doggo showing Stanford who’s the real boss after our win today...GO BEARS!!! Check out @uc.barkeley on IG for more wholesome (real) doggos
Geniuine Question. Why are there always so many Ambulances/cop cars passing through unit 2?
The big moment with my fellow alumni !!! (Australia Bar, NYC)
The big moment from a nyc bar !!!
We got the axe back.
The outcome of every game for the rest of the year is irrelevant
Applying for Materials Science and Engineering for M.S./PhD
Ping Pong Balls
Yale Harvard Big Game Climate Protest!
beautiful man
Is it too late to report an outside scholarship?
STANFURD JUNIOR COLLEGE HAS BEEN ELIMINATED FROM 2019 BOWL CONTENTION
How much is chase getting tonight for that big run
Hell yeah
Post game celebrations
As a senior, this fits
Cal Beats Stanford 24 - 20 to Reclaim the Axe
GO BEARS
CAL BEARS BEAT STANFORD TO WIN THE BIG GAME 24-20
What it's like to watch the Big Game
Stadium security wouldn't let me bring this in
Transferring to L&amp;S with 70.67 units?
Physically threatened and attacked by a homeless person on Telegraph
EEP C101 with James Sallee
Haas Application Advice
EE127 without 16AB?
On deleted post on why someone attended Coulture event.
Cal v Stanford Student Ticket for Sale
Cal v Stanford Student Ticket
Did Professor Satish Rao really give a lecture drunk?
Honestly..fuck Hugo at this point. Let us sleep! -Unit 1
Yes, I went to see Ann Coulter Speak at UC Berkeley. No, I am not a Nazi.
views from tonight’s rally 😍
Lost my math notebook in Dwinelle
Can we talk about how awesome that Bonfire Rally was
/r/berkeley hit 30k subscribers yesterday
Which gyms have showers?
Wtf is this on the campanile
GO BEARS!
Lost Wallet
Anyone skipping class next week?
Anyone selling big game (Stanford) football tix
Shoutout to DeNero for teaching today even though he was sick
Physics 7A help! (Yildiz)
MOOD FOR BIG GAME
Art Makerspaces?
Who's our starting QB tomorrow
"Impeachment" Is A Diversion And Delay: President Donald J. Trump raped and killed 15 boys in Buffalo, New York on 10Jan2019. Complete and uncut audio of it all, along with Obama, Pelosi, &amp; Schumer's direct involvement. 298+ boys die here during Jan 2019 from wealthy and high profile child rapists.
ANYONE WITH MATH 1A RN WITH WOOD, HOOK A GUY UP WITH THE MINIQUIZ PLSSS.
Lonely
How do you watch the Big Game on TV?
Any Pete Buttigieg supporters here?
Haas Season Rejection Letter
Kinda Urgent, does anyone have F Visitor Parking Passes that would sell them to me?
Is the 15 graduation tickets cap enforced?
Yes, every Cal student ever has taken this picture, but my phone needed a new background!
Needing help with the class Drugs and the Brain
Berkeley (Southside) during the summer?
Cheating in 61c
Barrows at night
Would you ever donate to UC Berkeley as an alumni?
Would any transfer student please be willing to proofread my essay questions? I’d really appreciate it!!
Fucked up my semester, give me some motivation
Should I take either EE16b or CS 61B over the summer?
Original plan for UC Berkeley's Central Glade, 1914
Anyone here worked for Juni as a CS instructor?
[Men's basketball] Cal gets obliterated by (#1) Duke 87-52
They removed the black dude from the poster lol
Advice on Asking Out a Girl
Do tech clubs party?
CS61A Lecture number 33
Do they enforce seating at Big Game
heY TRANSFERS
VIDEO MIX: Masked students and outside agitators block attendees from Coulter speech at UC-Berkeley
Getting basic engineering skills at Cal
Anyone in English 31AC Growing Up Funny.. When is the project due?
There are good people at Berkeley
Has anyone taken 126/127/189 together?
Are Paulin's Math 1A finals cumulative?
How's the workload in ENGINEERING 120?
Math 1A
ay look we’re famous lol
Rate my sched: cs170, econ140, csW186, histC184D
Math 110 or EE 127?
Question for anybody in English 31ac Growing Up Funny..
UC Berkeley Goes Wild for GameDay
Useful info page about post-graduation activities by major, change the year in the url to adjust year
(COLWRIT 10A) Class size: 20, Waitlist size:5, Waitlist position: 5, approximately how screwed am I?
Our team is playing Duke tonight
Math 130
Berkeley Patients Group Is the Past, Present, and Future of Cannabis
I'm really enjoying the Linear Algebra portion of EE16A, should I take math 54?
News Coverage of last night's protest
Coulter event
61c Cheating
Are rich kids stories real?
Y’all fake woke
the real heroes of the night
Protesting is lame
Looking for EDITORS who Want to Find their Ideal Youtubers for Free
I am so proud of the 1000+ strong bears that stood against racism.
THAT FUCKING HELICOPTER
Ann Coulter Shitshow
By far the funniest sign at the protest
I haven’t had that much fun at a protest since I was a freshman
Live report from outside Wheeler as it unfolds
PS179 final
Any uper div EECS classes that can be taken without EE16B?
How to swap classes?
What's projected on the Campanile right now?
This Friday Makers Paradise Gallery on Shattuck is having a rock-themed art show!
What do the colored lines on the UCPD "safe passage" map even mean? If you wanted to take a red path take a blue instead? Then why to the blue lines go so far out of the way instead of e.g. between Morrison and Hertz, or Dwinelle and its Annex?
No way am I going to give An* Co*lter what they want by protesting tn, but also fuck them lol
CS61a as a CC student
Took a quick detour on my way home from class. Still can't believe I get to go to school here.
It feels weird af walking anywhere outside without a backpack on
Prepare for a shitstorm.
Eat lunch with microbial bio faculty tomorrow!
UCPD Prepping for the Worst
are the protests going to be actually violent?
Free ticket to see Ben Lerner and Maggie Nelson read in SF tomorrow night!
After 2.5 years of doing CS, I hate academics and CS in general. I want to be a musician. Would it make sense to drop out of Berkeley or should I tough out a degree?
"Impeachment" Is A Diversion: The President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump, raped and killed 15 boys in Buffalo, New York on January 10th, 2019. Complete and uncut audio of it all here, along with Pelosi, Schumer, and Obama's direct involvement.
UCEAP Winter Abroad Programs?
Question for those in History 30- Origins of Modern Science or any good writers
Upperclassmen of Berkeley, how did you meet your best friends at Cal?
Looking for EDITORS who want to find their Youtubers to work with
Declaring a 2nd major while at Berkeley Extension?
Physics 7A Advice?
CS 70 Grade?
Data from Berkeley Students
Tang Resources
Be safe and look out for each other today
CS70 question
Upper division physics and EE class that overlap in content &amp; can waive out of
Upper division physics and EE courses that overlap and can waive out of
The never-before-told story of the 1960 Cal-Stanford axe heist
Cal student cooperative stays silent on no-whites-allowed student housing
(Modern/Classical) Control Theory course at Berkeley?
EE16A Final
cs70 final...?
Just a photo of Prof. Sahai rocking a pair of sunglasses to liven up your day
CS70 final advice
What if we kissed in the third stall from the left in the downstairs Morrison Hall Men’s bathroom?
Meat thermometer
CS Tech Electives
Projected on the Campanile right now
Class changes
Please help us with our class by filling out this survey about Reddit sarcasm! :)
Com Lit R1B vs Rhetoric R1B
In need of Aluminum Cans
Things to do in my last month at Berkeley
History/Poli Sci/Classics majors of Cal, what has your experience been like?
How is the distribution of NBA team fans in Berkeley.
Selling Cal v. Stanford football tickets!
some of y’all don’t know the difference between free speech and hate speech and it shows...
EECS16A Grade Distribution Data
Taking Physics 7A P/NP?
how is eecs16a final?
Make me hate Berkeley Haas
Where to get quarters for laundry?
Glad to go to class on Wednesday
Did anyone failed EE16A before?
Creative insults to say to Stanfurd kids
The pg&amp;e blackout for Wednesday is just Cal’s attempt to ban her and prevent protests
Any Berkeley Law students here?
ok peeps what are the chances school is cancelled tomorrow
Anyone have an extra Student section ticket for the Stanfurd game this week?
ESkate Boards at RSF
Good breakfast place
Disney+ Lifetime Access ($20 one time!) for my fellow bears
Got a C- in 61A last year as a CogSci untended Major, do I have to take E7 to declare?
[Men's Basketball] Cal remains undefeated with a 54-50 win over Prairie View A&amp;M
Can we no longer adjust classes until phase 2?
Go Bears
How hard is it to make the UCB Symphony?
Math 16a midterm 2
Where exactly is the gloryhole in Morrison Hall?
Is anyone else feeling burnt out and dead during this point of the semester?
How to start working out?
When they put up the lights on Sather Gate
Does anyone know “Hell-Yeah” guy?
anyone have good resources for probability/CS70 or wanna study with me
How's unit 3 RH? (im a spring transfer)
CS70 please help me if you did better on the final than the midterms
Wallet w fake ID at UCPD lost and found last
I feel like I'm the only one doing all the group work.
Best EECS upper division classes to take over the summer
To any history majors out there, how's Cal?
NP A Decal
Fun, busy bars / things to do on Thursdays?
Does anyone know where I can find some good oski fan fiction?
Only on the BART
How to meet people?
Data science major schedule SP20
Best dorm snacks/food that i could make using only a microwave?
Question for those in History 30: Origins of Modern Science
We must not allow people we don’t agree with to speak on campus! Hearing differing views is wrong. There is only one way to think!
Gaston for Stat 154?
Taking cs61b and cs70 together?
Motivation/Procrastination/Discipline?
Please help me survive college your help is much appreciated &lt;3
Anywhere to play smash ultimate on campus?
That guy who always sits on the pole at the end of Sproul
how do I undo a withdraw
CBE 160
The President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump, rapes and kills 15 boys in Buffalo, New York on January 10th, 2019. Complete audio here.
I'm having this enrollment error where there are a ton of classes open for this course, but I'm unable to enroll. After selecting the course and clicking "next" a message keeps appearing, saying "select and enrollment section". Does anyone know what I'm doing wrong? Class is statc8
Here we go again
What happened to that wholesome poster that was active at the beginning of the semester?
What happened to Lime scooters?
I'm a freshman and I'm still shakey on the whole enrollment process. My phase 1 was today and I enrolled in 2 classes so far (8 units). I wanted to enroll in another 4 unit class which has a status of "open", but kept getting this error message instead. Can someone help me understand what's going on
Every day is leg day.
New parking options near campus
Not sure if I should withdraw or not, anyone else in (or has been in) the same boat?
Looking to buy big game student section tix!!
Alright which one of you was this lmao??
Should I drop cs61b?
Start Hilfinger's Project
MCB 104 without MCB 102
Class Schedule
Getting Better at 61A??
Psych 101 Survey Help
how do I drop out
Whats up with chipotles guac
Suggestions for classes to take as an incoming transfer?
Uh has anyone ever looked for graduation announcements that are vegan?
How do you deal with professors who lose assignments?
Selling Big Game student section ticket for $60
61B in Spring and 61A in summer?
i'm a water connoiseur
If anyone is willing to take this &lt;1 min survey, I would hugely appreciate your help! https://harvard.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5nLemJQbQ5gLRvn
HELP WHERE CAN I GET CHICKEN STRIPS?
Late drop 61a or save it for cs70?
Anyone wanna go to Video Games Live!?
Question for those who have taken 61B with Hilfinger
do Cal ppl actually sit at their assigned seats at the Big Game??
CS 70 A/A-?
Marimba access in/around Berkeley?
U l t r a w i d e
Still have $4k left in workstudy. Advice on cashing out?
My thirst will only be quenched my oskis squeezed nectar and i will wreck him all night long
CS 70 grade for A-
Painting of the view from foothill ✨
Interview Request: Cyclists ticketed for not stopping at stop signs
mcb 102 or bio 1b in the summer?
Co-ops
Simultaneous Degree in Business Administration &amp; Environmental Economics and Policy (BS)
Need an advise about one idea I have about Berkeley Extension
Anyone in Anthro 3AC have Email from Ngeti?
Looking for people on the same bus for thanksgiving
Let's get rid of the football team already!
Fire Beau baldwin
Online courses for major prereqs
Penalty for jumping BART fare gates?
When Garbers gets hurt again...
What's the point of football
advice to score 75%+ on cs61a final
Pre-PA clubs?
Sex tonight?
Good Coops at Berkeley?
Selling 2 Extra Tickets For Cal vs USC Game
Residence Hall transfer request
Has anyone taken stats 151A with Oscar Hernan Madrid Padilla?
Anyone selling last min usc tix
Need a ticket to USC game?
UC Berkeley CS7O grade
Chess Club
Someone spray-painted Grinnell squirrels?
EXTRA TICKET FOR USC GAME
Half of this school needs to objectify my hernia
UC Berkeley Extension Program - UX/UI Design Bootcamp - User Interface / User Experice
Freshmen, how has college been for you so far? From a holistic standpoint
What % of professors are adjunct?
What % of professors are adjunct professors?
Advise a lost cs major
CS70 Grade Predictions
No Grade Bin Shift in EECS16A?
Making friends in the spring semester?
Help me come up with a funny sign for USC!
thinking about becoming a cop
Is this legal?
Most per square mile in the continental US
Life Science Lab
Found a lost bird at Grove Park tag ID Bbf9439 what should I do? Shelters and animal control are closed and police "don't do wildlife."
Large group of people outside of Etcheverry
Anyone hear a loud bang?
swimming late at night
[Men's basketball] Cal (3-0) stays undefeated with an 82-62 win over Cal Baptist (2-2)
its friday ball out
Why do people keep yelling "Hugo" in the Unit 1 courtyard
cs70 grade calculation
Need tickets for the game tomorrow
A Note To Those Who Need It
CS70 Grade
EECS majors on suicide watch
CS70 Grade
Required Final score to get B in CS70
For those that took CS61b with 70, what was your experience like? Any tips for that combination?
For those that took 61B with CS70, what was your experience like?
(Another) CS70 question about my grade range
CS169
Oski Ate My Son
What happens if I don't declare CS.
CS 70 grade curve.
Is there a way to find out the number of students by race in each college/major
Don't counterprotest the Ann Coulter event on campus
what was your coop experience like?
Global 45 for historical studies breadth?
did anyone take hist 137ac with David Henkin
How to pass in MCB C62 (Drugs and the Brain)
people would die to come to berkeley
Chem 1AL
Introducing water oski
Anyone going to the Frankie Cosmos show on Saturday, Nov 16 at UC Berkeley?
love that feeling
Garbers will start Saturday
It’s Friday
sleeping on a bench under the campinile.
Can I be dropped from a class for not attending discussion this late in?
@Guy who brings sign to football games
What are the odds of being able to get a spot in a class with a full waitlist?
Data 8 waitlist?
Going to SoCal 22 November?
Drugs and the Brain Grading
Richmond-San Rafael Bridge bike-ped trail opens Saturday
DETAILED Course Descriptions
Confused about math req for MCB
Full-time enrollment w/ DeCal course?
Bringing car
Does our Adobe CC come with Adobe Stock?
Cs70 MT2
I think I got 5/100 on the EE16B midterm 2 rip me
We got a game tonight?
math cs double and dropping one
Coops- Cloyne
Selling a used Nintendo Switch, Games, and Gamecube Controllers!
Cal CB Elijah Hicks on volunteering at the Food Pantry
How likely is it that my late drop is approved?
Eat at Cheese n Stuff, they said. It'll be great, they said.
Professor of Public Policy explains if the founding fathers would have impeached Trump.
ball out
Steve Kerr, Jeanie Buss, Ronnie Lott and other Important Sports Figures giving a talk tonight at 5:30
stats c8
Street closures for Sunday morning's Berkeley Half Marathon
This is audio of the President, Donald J. Trump, demanding a $4 billion dollar bribe from child rapists to “take a blind eye” on January 3, 2019. Trump becomes one on January 14, 2019. Also, here is the big reason the major news networks do not report any of it.
Anyone want to just meet up and fuck
Shout out to the Brave Berkeley Students
Introducing Pack
ECON 100A midterms
ECON 100A midterm
ball
fri day
Major GPA vs Overall GPA
When the last question is worth 42 percent of the grade on the midterm....
Does Zellerbach sell hard tickets for non-Cal Performances shows or are they digital?
hard to get 25% on EECS16A final?
Does anyone have a physical copy of the math 53 textbook?
Econ C110 Fall 2018
Looking for an anime artist who is in CS61A
if i fail a technical lower div can i take it at a cc
UC Berkeley instructor calls rural Americans 'bad people' who deserve 'uncomfortable' lives
Thinking about being a postdoc at UCB, need advice.
Potential lock pick at RSF?
Standup Comedy Show on Wednesday, Nov 20th @ 7pm at The Legionnaire Saloon!!!
Wow these fuckers are really robbing people on campus now?
I accidentally mailed my package to the stadium
Drama at Wheeler Hall Auditorium Next Week
Any Berkeley students that have met each other through this subreddit?
EE16A Midterm
Visiting from Canada..
Bites: Fat Slice Pizza closes after 34 years; Charlie Hallowell to sell Western Pacific
ok who is this
Bookshop on Telegraph
Summer Courses
They weren't kidding
Is it just me or has anyone become more conservative after attending Berkeley?
What are some cool places to visit while being a student at Berkeley?
Everybody here was so academically strong during high school; hs senior feeling insecure
Found an iclicker in Wheeler auditorium, whose is this?
Anyone else hyped for this
Ann Coulter November 20
CS 170, CS 61C, and Math 54?
Marketing homework help
Housing During 6-Week Summer Session 2020
Beautiful foggy morning (Clark Kerr)
Congrats, you did it.
If you have too much to type or have to constantly click on a mouse, you shouldn’t be on the quite floor
Dont come to the quite floor if you have to type like a bastard
Why is John Denero so anti-China in cs195
Morons typing loudly on quiet floors.
Haha nice
How to get a 90% on cs61a final?
Casual ice hockey?
Official CS 61A class shirt design!
Official CS 61A class shirt design!
Chem 1a midterm
Hardest Courses in Berkeley?
Hey guys is this a reasonable schedule? I don't want to fall behind.
170 with Chisea
RSF workers won’t be striking tomorrow right?
[Post Game Thread] Your Cal Men's Basketball team improves to 2-0 with a 79-75 overtime win against UNLV!
ball out
Does it become easier to get good grades in Upper Division CS classes compared to lower divs?
Doing horrible in EECS 16a... and I want to go into Robotics as a career
Big hands...
How did everyone do on the EECS16A midterm?
Easiest ISF prereq world regions?
Walking up to Big C
iGrad $20 Amazon Gift Card
Wie funktioniert Litecoin-Mining? | Bitwiki
UC GREEN NEW DEAL
Myths &amp; Legends
Sociol 167
lookin for a engin 7 study partner
thanksgiving roadtrip from berkeley to san gabriel valley/orange county/los angeles? im in need of a ride and you’re in need of some company
stat 88 w/ Lucas vs. stat 20 w/ Stoyanov vs. stat 20 w/ Ibser (for Spring 2020 Transfer &amp; intended econ major)??
Physics 7A Stahler
Humanities major here. It's been a dream to study Chem1a/Intro Chem. Can I sit in?
What does AP Credit do for Berkeley classes?
Do professors usually assign the same homework problems as they did another semester for math?
EE16b
How difficult is it to petition for a fifth semester as a transfer student without a double major?
Are there any excellent Table Tennis groups in the area?
162 Waitlist Position?
CS61A summer
This is a gorgeous place
Please drop Econ 141
The view from Lawrence is quite nice
I never went to office hours or got to know most of my professors. How can I ask for a letter of recommendation?
Restaurant recommendations for group
Unit 1 heaters?
Hong Kong Protesters Set Old Man On Fire
Cuffing season is here!! Someone date me please
Stat 134 or Stat 140 for intended CS? to help prep for CS70
cheapest kimchi
Stressed over CS170, need advice on what to do please
Campanilly
Chem 1A w Geissler/curve
I want to learn welding, but how long would it take?
ENGIN 26 for non-engineering majors?
Anyone failed EECS16A?
Campanile at night
What to do if a course staff lost your midterm exam?
Isaac curved the final hahahaah
Is it normal to be spending a lot of money eating out/club expenses?
Where can I keep my car in Berkeley?
Math 1A with Wood
Our boy is coming home
Berkeley pretty pretty
Appearances are deceptive. Unit 1.
Is this schedule doable?
Has anyone taken E 185 the art of stem communication? If so, what did you think of the class?
Casual music groups?
Seeking tutor for cs61b
Possibility of selling flex dollars?
pg&amp;e pls
Berkeley mentioned in Rick and Morty Season 4
Anyone going to SFO at 4ish on the 22nd
What is the best contact name &amp; number to put down for a company background check?
Freshman CS Internships
Berkeley shout out in Rick and Morty Season 4 Premiere
Sounds interesting
Lost key
what am i supposed to do over the summer as a humanities major
what am i supposed to do over the summer as a humanities major
Student giveaways (basketball)
EMERGENCY financial aid, please help
Survey! (for 274A)
Chem 3AL: Waitlist for Lab?
Projector to borrow/rent?
Enrolling for a class with no waitlist?
What’s the prerequisite of CS182?
This is really cringe lol
Spring 2020 Housing
Potential Law School
Are there any soccer fields around berkeley? Or just a field with a goal?
Looking to Create a Mastermind Group of College Entrepreneurs
Is it at all possible to get out of a year lease in the dorms? (for mental health reasons)
Anyone hear 6-10 gunshots right now? (From Unit 3 facing Durant)
I can't be the only one struggling with this...
Transfer Class Agreement
Any late night food spots?
People that have taken Music 27, what should I expect?
People doing well in ee16a or cs61a
Anyone in UPE?
Best places that serve Halal food in Berk?
cal Bio1A/1AL vs. berkeley community college bio1a
[Postgame Thread] California Defeats Washington State 33-20
Forgot to un-PNP a class, any options?
where to meet latin girls
Trained an AI to generate r/berkeley posts - got output like "Anyone else feel depression around Berkeley?" and "How to get into CS 61A and CS 61B and CS 189?"
[Cal Football] #LeaveItToWeaver
friday
is ee16b necessary for eecs 127
Selling 2 student football tickets $10 each OBO, pm me
Look at all these devout students going to Moffit 😍
Bike vs electric skateboard
Reminder- Cal football is kicking off vs. Washington State at 4pm. Go support your golden bears!
seen on new york times go bears
61b proj 2
did anybody else fail the astroc10 midterm 2, too?
Bleached
The OskiCraft golden bear is complete!
Student Ticket for Today's Game $10
South Bend Indiana Mayor and political up and comer Peter Buttgieg rapes and kills five boys at a "rape party" in Buffalo on January 14, 2019. Buttgieg makes a child eat his own feces at one point. Governor Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill DeBlasio present also. Full audio here.
South Bend Mayor and political up &amp; comer Peter Buttgieg rapes and kills five boys in Buffalo on January 14th, 2019. Buttgieg makes a child eat his own feces at one point. Governor Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill DeBlasio present also. Full audio here.
Where Tf u going
Go Bears
its friday minority
And the philosopher’s name is pronounced “Barkeley”
tickets to the game tomorrow - for sale!
Roommate moving our next semester. What now?
LAND VEHICLE
How's commuting to and from Berkeley from accrosd the bay, like San Jose?
10 more People in 61B please kindly fill out the survey!
Does Berkeley have any EECS course video lectures open to the public?
are curved classes based on mean or median
Need something fun to do Saturday?
Need something fun to do Saturday?
Anyone want to discuss Tablut (61B proj 2)?
Is Psych 1 needed/useful for CogSci majors?
Need something fun to do this weekend?
Best campus bar?
Final Astro C10 Grading Curve Please?
CAR
seen at sproul
Pass / No pass grading option
1 Thot 2 Thot Red Thot Blue Thot
looking for someone who wants to come with me to the sweetener world tour in san francisco on december 18th
CS70 MT2
Looking for Mevius or other lighter cigarette brands?
AirBears/CalVisitor Down?
seen at sproul
Ann Coulter appreciation day
Use Late Drop or take the NP?
Word of warning to people: the middle eastern guy with the trump sign in sproul or wherever now is propaganda, do not engage, further explanation in images
Can you guys fill out the 61B survey please?
BLUE CAR
RED CAR
overseen at sproul
Seeking hair model with gray
Audio of Speaker of the House, Senator Nancy Pelosi, accepting a $3 billion dollar bribe from wealthy high profile child rapists for safe passage to get Asian boys through the border at "Monterrey" on January 17, 2019. Senator Charles Schumer rapes and kills a boy later that afternoon.
TWO CAR
ONE CAR
PS4
Berkeley's Smoke's Poutinerie, last of the chain in California, closes
Berkley Extension Online Class Reviews?
What happens if you don't complete the UC Cyber Security Module?
Author Ann Coulter to talk US immigration policy at UC Berkeley
Getting into a football game with someone else’s Cal ID
Does anybody want to start a band?
Best/cheapest place to park overnight?
What's an easy-ish 4 units for Spring 2020 that doesn't require attendance?
Question for all you Boosted Board users..
Public Health Undergrad Major Experience?
CS W186 Questions
My artwork was taken...
am i gonna get into ee16b??
Do I have to do projects in CS186 to pass the class?
Will Hilfinger’s 61B class actually be useful?
Cancelling 2nd semester meal plan
Is data8 going to expand??
UGBA 10
Enrolling past 20.5 units
Test
Anyone else feel like their social skills have taken a nose dive since you started here?
Holy fk that 16A lecture today was amazing.
Math 54 textbook?
Psych 101 Experience with Catterson?
EPS7 MT2 Warning
Not next to friends for stanford game :(
astro midterm
Richmond investigation sees police vehicles tear through Berkeley
Selling 2 Megabus tickets to LA tomorrow morning!
EE16A Enrollement
how to impress a woman
Left VLSB this morning to this scene
Generation Z Survey Please Help! :)
Any past or present history majors out there? I have questions.
Candidate for r/evilbuildings
Lack of Motivation
At public university in California, only 13 percent of students are white
What happens if skip CS170 lecture
So much fog :o
Are HKN, CSM, or CS 370 tutor paid?
i feel like doodoo :(
Which of HKN, CSM, CS 370 tutor is paid?
Why is it so fucking hard to even get an interview?
Cal Economics on ESPN
Psych 1 Webcasted?
Anyone else notice how foggy it is in the sky?
math 124??
Berkeley to NYC: OAK or SFO?
looking for someone who wants to come with me to sweetener word tour in san francisco on the 18th of december
Am I a pansy-ass piece of shit for getting annoyed/triggered by a post a classmate made on Piazza?
People in 61B please fill out this survey to earn 2pts Extra Credit!
I am proud of my campus for refusing to tell Prager U what they wanted to hear.
Status of EECS16A
Anyone else worried about getting off the WL for Data 8?
gasp
Looking for last 162 group member
Since they close down Piazza after 61b Midterms
Chances of switching into different discussion sections at ucr / uc's in general?
What happened with EE16A on the sub?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqqaZQI1kI4
EPS 7Midterm II
Can we all give Cal Dining a pat on the back tonight?
Transfer from Berkeley City College to UC Berkeley as a history major?
why is main stacks so freaking cold?
Can you ask TAs to be private tutors?
What the hell is with Crossroads today
What am I looking at here?
“Like totally like it was like omg” kms...
Campus Microwave and Water bottle filling stations MAP 2019
We should all go to EE16A lecture tomorrow
what is bad about NPing a class? (CS170)
Here is audio of the President, Donald J. Trump, demanding a $4 billion dollar bribe from child rapists to “take a blind eye” on January 3, 2019. Trump becomes one on January 14, 2019. Also, here is the big reason the major networks do not report any of it.
Help??
Can I take chem 1a on one semester, and then chem 1al on a separate semester? Or do they have to be taken co-currently?
What should I get with my flex dollars?
Should I P/NP my cs class that I’m not doing well in? I decided that I will not be doing cs in the future. How will this change impact me? I know that if I pass it will not do any justice to my GPA but what if i dont pass? Will this impact my GPA?
Should I p/np a cs class I’m not doing well in? I decided l will not be doing cs in the future. How will this affect me? I know that if I pass it will not do much for me but what if I dont pass? Will that impact my Gpa?
Why were there cops at Evans Hall at around 11:40 today?
NIXLE ALERT: A wild Evan Weaver hitting students, taking souls
abandoned platter of rice on bancroft bus stop...☹️
I made this web app to help us connect
(61C + 126 + 53) vs (61C + 170 + 53) vs (126 + 170 + 53)
Grad student looking for new friends
UGBA 10 textbook/reader
Waitlist for art 12
PSA: If you have questions about CS/EE course enrollment, go to the eecs101 Piazza. Your question will likely already have been answered there, and if not you will get an answer faster.
BIO 1A BEFORE ORG CHEM
Data 8 waitlist
Can't see discussion waitlist position?
Need advice on waitlists
Will Math 1B open up more discussion slots?
By when do I officially have to have the units to be considered full time to get all my financial aid?
this is an SOS for more boba
When do AI applications come out for CS61a, Data 8, EE 16a?
UC Berkeley Extension Coding Bootcamp
How many units can we enroll in during this phase? I enrolled into 12 and i cant add anymore because it says it’ll exceed the amount of units I’m allowed to enroll in.
Waitlisted for EECS16B?
Reneging on an internship
Upvote if you ever heard of Henry Yuxiao Yu and think he is quite some character on campus
Chem 1AL Lab Waitlist?
Doe Library at 4am
Skipping EE16A and going straight to EE16B?
Spring 2020 Schedule
I need help finding friends at Berkeley
data 8 max?
CS10
CS major data science minor?
PHY 7A advice
Did anyone else lose power?
Anyone else just lose power?
is this bad
GPP 115 Professor doubles as the internet's busiest music nerd
PSA: please drop out so that I can take ur seat for enrollment
I am going to emergency drop CS61A, does this allow me to retake it?
If a class has reserved seats and those reserved seats aren’t taken up by the adjustment period, are we able to sign up for those seats?
PNP Classes
[Post Game Thread] In their season opener, Cal Men's Basketball beats Pepperdine 87-71!
What are the "lyrics" to the UC Berkeley version of the national anthem? (what crowds chant during games)
Anyone else have no idea what they're doing for housing next year? Wanna room?
How many units is considered full-time?
Question about swapping
New Student, why is CS 61A signup strange?
Any good Breadths still open for those of us with that November 6th enrollment time?
Thoughts on Global Studies?
where can i rip a huge fucking fart?
Physics 8A/B study abroad
november 6 enrollment times
California State Treasurer's Office allocates funds for affordable housing
Repercussions of P/NP
Italian r5a with matthew mason
Chem 3AL discussions
ME Advice: MEC ENG 102B
ECON 2 CLOSED BUT I NEED THE DAMN CLASS
Take R1A and R5B together??
astro c10 midterm 2
Good locations on campus for grad pics?
Storing scooters/boards in RSF
how hard is math 1b with Alexander Paulin?
Philos 12A: Intro to Logic Waitlist at 40
Changing grading option? (L&amp;S)
Experience as a Freshman in History 124B?
econ 2
Any slightly stuffy study spots on/near campus?
waitlist process
EE16B Waitlist
Do any community colleges offer an online course that transfers for math1A?
INDENG 95
Every damn time [oc]
PSA: Please be mindful of what you post and comment in this subreddit. Professors and course staff do actively monitor this subreddit's threads, and what you say here does have real life consequences.
PSA: Please be mindful of what you post and comment in this subreddit. Professors and course staff do actively monitor this subreddits' threads, and what you say here does have real life consequences.
PNP Deadline Changed
What percent of undergraduates are in the letter and science department?
Data 8 Full?
waitlist for r1a requirement
CS61A during adjustment
Is Data Science a risky major?
STAT C8
which econ upper-divs fullfill breadth requirements?
When does URAP open for Spring 2020?
Intermittent outages from Comcast
Breadth recommendations that aren’t for bio?
Data 8 permission number?
discussion sections for math 1b
Is CS 70 hard to get into?
roommate is an alcoholic, gets on my nerves
Attendance Mandatory for EE16B lectures?
How boned am I? (Stat major)
calc for Political Economy major?
Golden Bear Advising says incomplete
Roommate Light issues 😭
Anyone taken Env Design 4B in the past? How's the workload?
Help pls.
How difficult was Econ 2 and Math1b?
Can ee16a be used to declare Math?
If I’m around the 60th position for the econ 100b waitlist is it likely I get in?
My spring schedule (major - media studies). I'm also planning on rushing a frat, so I took less courses because of that. What is one 1-2 unit course in the Music department, UGBA department, or a DeCal class that'd suit a Media Studies major with a Minor in music?
Any good 1-2 unit classes that aren’t too much commitment? (I can’t take decals past 4 o’clock in the day)
People who leave midterms early - why?
HELP!!!! WITH !!!! ENROLLMENT!!!
Near U2, was that a gunshot???
Leave CS 61B or Math H53 for Phase 2?
Passing on lease?
enrollment
TRANSFER STUDENTS
Workload/Difficulty of LEGALST 161?
61B and EE16A in same semester? + Summer Session
CS61A or StatC8 first?
Don’t attend EE16A lecture tomorrow
Press F for EE16A MT2
PSYCH 1 VS PSYCH 2
Economics 100A with Professor Acland
Worst eecs16a midterm
Anyone else wanna put their finger in the electrical socket after that EE16A midterm?
Is it possible to hide in Main stacks after it closes at 2am? How?
Day in My Life as the In-Game Host for Cal Football
Data 8 phase 1 or phase 2?
Is there a final exam for Chem 1AL?
If my econ class counts as my L&amp;S breadth, do I get credit for the breadth too? Or will it only fulfill one requirement? (Sorry if this sounds confusing)
Courseload for sp 20
How do I know which classes to Phase 1/2
German C25?
Whats with the 20+ cop cars that just zoomed by Durant Ave?
Physics 8A
Data 8 - unable to enroll
EECS vs mechE applicant
Selling AirPods Pro
Are the Bio 1B lectures webcasted?
Physics 7A Midterm 2 formula sheet
professor for math53
Stat 20 or stat 88 next semester?
Jeopardy in berkeley
Best running route in central campus between 12-1pm?
Taking Math H53?
Any upper div CS/EE classes that talk about TTL?
Chem 3A or Chem 3B
CS double major with Applied Math it Statistics?
Comp Sci 61A for physics major?
EE 16B Enrollment?
Nutri Sci 10
What grade in 70 is enough for 110?
Math 54 Professor
Why is there still not a time for the data 8 lab? How can we sign up and not have a time, its been TBA forever and enrollment is tomorrow...
how accurate is berkeleytime?
Class schedule
professor for math 53
How does getting a letter of recommendation work in Berkeley?
health worker
Question about LD/UD electives?
Classes to take next semester as an intended double CS+Math major
fastest wifi spot on campus
How important is your minor GPA?
CS 61A + EE16A + Econ 2
How difficult would Cs61b, Econ 2, and math 1B be?
Can I get into psych 2 as a freshman even though it says seats are reserved for juniors and seniors?
Is it possible to enroll in Chem 3al in phase 1 and then chem 3a in phase 2
UC-wide AQI report released with recommendations for campus responses / Much needed after Chancellor Christ's hesitancy to cancel classes last year.
.7 units away from graduating, what can I do?
Data Science vs Computer Science
Freshman spring schedule feedback
Is doing well in Math 54 sufficient preparation for CS70?
Freshman Spring 2020 Schedule?
Thoughts on next semester
What's it like being a reader?
Deciding between three majors
Does GBC take credit card?
I hear philip j wood for math 53 is very good!!??
Schedule advice?
Data8 spring 2020 No open seats for Discussion
Deciding between three majors
Physics 7B
Econ 1 or 2?
Can community college breadth be taken p/np
CS 61A / Stat 88 Final Exam Conflict
Help needed: How can I drop PE classes?
Does anyone have the Fall 2018 CS61b Midterm 2?
Physics 7A
foothill dining
foothill dining
foothill dining
foothill dining
CS61C
Classic R44
no tears left to cry
Airpods 2 for SALE
Calculus 2 (Math 12X), UC Berkeley Extension
Where to look for apartments
mechE gang wya
Anyone take Econ 100a as a freshman who tested out of econ 1 and 2?
[CS61B help] Can someone help us on this? course staff isn't responding to our piazza posts.
Spring 2020 freshman schedule help
Physics 8A with Michael DeWeese
engineering science
STAT C8 or STAT 20
Physics 7A and Data 8 over the summer
Interested in Andrew Yang and the vision of Humanity First? UC Berkeley has the perfect club for you!
Would it be a good idea to take psych 101 with math 10B? Is there any statistical overlap? How hard is psych 101?
Astro C10 midterm 2
Stat 20 v/s Data 8 + Stat 88
Best Library for a Practice Test
Free basic cs help and advice
physics 8b professor advice
Just 4 tourists in a car causally driving through Sather Gate today
Student Loan Survey - Win a $50 Amazon Gift Card!
English 43B (Intro to the writing of verse) without any poetry experience
Prerequisites for Classes
Help on taking CC college courses
Living the GSI life...
Finishing breadths early
just got dumped. an honest opinion on why relationships are a waste of time
Tang center for mental health?
Taking R5A/R5B on different regions
Anthro R5B or Liguistics R1B for R&amp;C
based in your experiences, math 1b or 10b? easier? better? do you learn more? too much work?
SOC3AC Quiz 3
Is anyone else actively suicidal?
61c in Spring??
What's the cheapest way to get to LA?
R1A/R5A Recommendation
Math 54 vs Physics 89 and eecs 16a
EE16a Midterm Grade Distributions
EE16A Format
math 54 help
anyone have recommendations for online alternatives to math 53?
Parking at Berkeley overnight with a pass?
advise on catching up on ee16a material in 2 days
CS 61B, Econ 100B, Math 1B- manageable?
Attention All EE16A Students!!
Easy RNC B courses for Spring 2020?
STEM classes are hard
Suggestions for Physical Science and Biological Science breadths?
TIL that as an undergrad, Prof. Chiesa and two other students were sued by the MBTA (Boston's public transit agency) to prevent public disclosure of a security vulnerability in MBTA's fare collection system. The case ultimately established that disclosing security flaws constitutes as free speech.
61B+Math 1B+EE16A in one semester?
Why so many car break-ins in Berkeley according to CrimeMapping?
IMPORTANT. Lost items
Is there a place to get discounted over-the-counter meds?
ESPM 6
PG&amp;E is asking customers frustrated by power shutoffs not to target its employees
Data Science degree emphasis importance
study areas after mofitt closes friday?
Google Home Mini Flash Sale for Berkeley Students!!!
UCB Chemical Engineering PhD Admissions: Will Admissions look at my profile if I have a 3.4 GPA?
TFW you spent the entire semester mocking 61B’s autograder since you’re a 61A boi and then Okpy breaks
astro c10 lectures 🙈🥰
Professor Recommendations
Can someone PLEASE take a picture/video of the "large group of high school students fighting on the campus"? I need to see this.
Haas Undergrad Prerequisites at a CC
PSA P/NP Grading Option Change Deadline extended to November 8
Is Thelta Delta House of Horrors/Bowles Hall Cult Castle ok for elementary age students?
What’s with people wearing red and gold today?
MATH 54 or STAT 89A?
is anyone in cs 88?
What times are the spring 2020 math 54 adjunct classes?
Berkeley Housing Survey
Cal vs. Washington State and Cal vs. USC tickets!
What should I expect in terms of workload with a schedule of Math 53, Math 55, and a breadth?
Questions for current/past RAs
Has anyone seen Netflix’s Fire in Paradise?
Bowles Haunted House
Lost money found in moffitt
RnCB from community college as an international student
Anthro C12AC Grade Bins
Waitlisted but there's no reserved seats?
Haas English pre req?
ASTRO C10 Grading Bins
club apps/prof frat rush in spring
Is it true that CS 61A adds as much space?
Why the fuck am I doing CS
Math 16A with Kelli Talaska or Math 1A with Mina Aganagic??
Should I take math 53 online over the summer? Any thoughts on the workload/difficulty?
What should I expect in terms of workload with a schedule of CS61B, EE16B, and an easy humanity?
Anyone looking to get affordable club merch or want a custom embroidered sweatshirt/jacket?
Any Hardcore History fans?
what's an A
Econ 100A Midterm 2
where to get laid tonight??
In search of a fun class!
MCB 140 workload/difficulty
Easiest Breadths of all time
best tablet for school
Anybody in History 30 lec 001? I’m in the section with Mariam Sabri
who else feels guilty sitting at a table alone when the area is packed
Is CS61B tough to get?
Scoring just below average on all midterms.
What do i need to get an A in CS61A
Can Psych 101 be used as a stats course requirement?
Econ Tutor Needed
Getting into 189
Selling a flog gnaw ticket $270
math major in L&amp;S
opinions on these classes?
Thoughts on Drugs and the Brain Midterm 2?
I Have Extra Tickets for Rocky Horror Tonight!
View from 2 nights ago
We got mentioned on r/TumblrInAction, yay?
Does anyone have experience with MCELLBI 38
Declaring math major without math 55/cs 70?
Anyone have experience withdrawing for medical reasons?
STAT 134 or STAT C100?
Cal Football: Injury Update -- Chase Garbers Still Not Cleared to Practice
Community colleges that offer transferrable coursework for Calc1 in the winter online?
Taking Data100 without math54?
Math 53 PNP
How can I enroll in Data 8 on Calcentral?
EPS 7 Midterm II
PSA: Never ride Spirit Airlines
MCB 166
Where is RISE lab?
Man near chemistry and physics buildings this morning
Physics 77 “workshop”?
Enrollment Time vs. Flight Time
Berkeley’s worst professor: John Yoo denies he accused White House Ukraine official of espionage
Doing bad in CS61A, what should I do?
Financial aid?..
Data 100 VS. Stat 140
Mulford Hall seats
Political Economy Major vs Econ Major for finding a job
Internships?
Sometimes I just wonder if it's even worth the try
Physics 7A Notes?
Experience Transferring out of Berkeley?
What upperdiv to take with CS70 after having taken CS61A/B and EE16A/B?
Double Degree Late Drops
Doe is such a pretty place to study hehe
Best note taking app on ipad
Is ee16b attedance required next semester?
Some questions about the schedule planner
wanted to share my new sticker.....enjoy
me: i hate cal also me:
Is it better to P/NP or get a B in Chem 1A if I plan to apply to haas?
View from dorm room!! Berkeley kinda pretty :o
Chem 3A Midterm 2
Have a Private Student Loan? I'll pay you $25!
View from the units!!:o
Schedule for Intended physic major
Econ 100b Phase 2
is anyone driving to camp flog gnaw from Berkeley??
cs61A extra credit
Advice on which class to phase 1
Wait lists at Berkeley
Math 55 difficulty?
Data 8 or Physics 77?
Anyone else think Serganova's MT2 was unfair?
Concurrent enrollment
Any financial benefit or tangible benefit to be a GBO Orientation Leader?
Serganova strikes again!
The Serganova strikes again!
Global 45 and Econ 1 or 2
Do y'all ever just get really sad
Can you start a decal as an underclassman?
Anywhere I can get hot glue or model cement on campus?
Class questions
EE 16A How am I doing?
Tutor for Math 128A Programming Assignment. Pays $40/hr with min $60 guranteed.
Math 113 Professors
Has anyone here left Berkeley for a year due to financial reasons and re-enrolled?
The Campanile
Community colleges that offer transferable linear algebra course during Winter 2020?
Does STAT 133 fulfill a CS upper-div req?
Calcentral Broken? It allows​ me to do something that I shouldn't be able to?
They were playing this in Barker hall today. Kinda a vibe tho if you ask me...
Enrolling in CS188 for Spring 2020 as a Math major
Hot take: you're a bad person if you leave your stuff in a coveted library spot and
CS 370 vs 375
Classes to take (phase 1) with CS70?
Mcellbi C61
CS 170 enrollment for Spring 2020
Is Data 8 enforced as a pre-req for Data 100?
Anyone wanna make a Drugs and the Brain mt2 study guide together?
schedule help spring 2020 - freshman
Any parties on Halloween night
Best gsis for chem 1a and stat 2?
Team trees!
Carol Christ vs PG&amp;E
How's the workload in UGBA 101A?
ball out
Spring Semester Courseload Suggestion
this school has some boring ass people
Grade bin shift for 61b?
Siraj Rival illuminati confirmed
The Average Student Does Not Exist
need help choosing math course!
Clubs I can join at the moment?
Math 54 next semester
What video games do you guys play/used to play?
When you cough, cover your mouth.
Hilfinger will not allow course conflicts for 61b
Econ 1 vs. Econ 2
The Albany island looks like a hummingbird!
You guys we're in the email newsletter
Looking 4 a wholesome community for dumb people
Berkeley Campus not on list for the next PG&amp;E shutoff
Am I going to fail eecs16a?
drugs &amp; the brain study guide?
Data Science vs. Statistics UNDERGRAD HELP PLEASE
GBO Day One Was Pretty Freaking Cool
Difference between Stat 88 and Stat 20? Which should I take?
Don’t say it DeNero!
Lost Wallet on way to Psych class
can i retake a class if i passed it?
Upper Div Philosophy classes Spring 2020
Advice for Applied Math
What do I need to do in order to get at least a D- in EE16B?
Favor: where do the "Dean's honors" and "Honors to Date" go on the transcript?
Advice on taking all of these courses in spring?
I’d like to nominate this person for student of the year.
Do I need to phrase 1 math 54?
the bathrooms at croads are really at the peak of innovation
UGBA 147
L'Oréal Infosession TODAY!
UCLA also had classes cancelled yesterday.
CS 188 with Rao?
eecs community college equivalents
math courses for next semester
Failing a Class
Physics Professors MIA?
Physics Professors MIA?
Help me choosing classes?
FUCK FUCK FUCK
neurobio careers/jobs without med school?
CS Schedule
Best place to do a phone interview on campus?
Study spots recommendation plz
UC Berkeley back with their Fiat Lux motto (and beyond).
Math 16a
Alternative site to 'rate my professor?'
ECON classes that don't require econometrics
Computer Science Upper Division Courses
$25 for 1 hour focus group on private student loans
The imminent power shutoff not expected to impact Berkeley at all
Prerequisite for upper div
Should I PNP for UGBA 96?
Will Berkeley's Acceptance Rate Go Up?
Anyone taken INFO 251 and/or INFO 254?
Can I still emergency drop cs61a?
semester planning +opinions about classes
Failed MT2 so hard
Power Outage Megathread
Looking for useful or easy classes for either ugba or data science minor/masters, recommendations?
PG&amp;E has done more for student mental health than Berkeley
Why doesn't UCB utilize it's EECS prowess and build a solar farm on the stadium?
Petition: gain back lost school time
Wtf
Has everyone gotten an update on when their enrollment appointment will be? I still have the same date as last time..
Question about switching to econ
Question about switching to econ
wtf
Y’all, just assume we have classes tomorrow.
FUCK YEAH I CAN TAKE A WARM SHOWER
How many non-contest extra credit points were available for CS61A in 2018?
Never thought I'd want classes back - thank fuck
This dude loves saying fluid... we need a new adjective
Tuesday Class Fluidly??
Tuesday Class?
Class on for tomorrow
UC Berkeley returning to normal operations on Tuesday
Data 8 Enrollment
CS blocked from taking upper div Math classes
61a Fa19 MT2 bins if anyone wants them for future reference
(yet another) transferring from L&amp;S to engineering post
Is doing 1 SD above average good enough for A in CS61A?
Does anyone have power right now?
Rsf is closed
Potential Grade Bin Shifts for CS61A Fall 2019
Berkeley customers affected by the shutoff should prepare to be without power until Friday, November 1
Music 29 with Campion?
Music rooms in the Units
PETITION: Elon Musk to provide UC Berkeley with batteries so we can go to school
is there an exam clobbering policy for cs61a
non-declared transfer trying to get into Data 100
Was the Fall 2018 CS Bins Adjusted
CS61A Midterm 2 Scores
All Monday classes cancelled.
Chemical biology or molecular biology major?
Question About Reserved Seats for Majors
Are evening classes still not cancelled today?
Here is audio of the Speaker of the House, California Senator Nancy Pelosi, accepting a $3 billion dollar bribe from wealthy high profile child rapists for safe passage to get Asian boys through the border at "Monterrey" on January 17th, 2019.
So will we have class tomorrow or not?
Best cafes for internet/power?
Amazon Locker Open?
ASUC will be handing out N-95 masks TODAY! 1:30pm @ RSPP (next to Croads) &amp; North Gate
How crowded is moffitt right now?
Is Jacobs Hall open?
N95 Masks
Anonymous online research study - adult women’s experiences with partner abuse
Is the RSF open?
Some of you are really mean to PG&amp;E
Berkeley Extension for UX Design/Experience Lab?
anyone smell smoke in their house
Damn Oski chill with the BBQ
Data Science ethics classes
Can we just remark on the irony that UC Berkeley, whose motto "Fiat Lux" means "Let there be light" in Latin, is being forced to close its doors because of a lack of light on campus?
Halloween RAGERS Moves?????
Stop hating on PG&amp;E
Fires Rant
Looking for Extra Member for Hult Prize Competition
What’s your typical day like at Cal? What makes your time here meaningful (or not)?
please take this survey for my psych 101 final project!
how likely is it to get off the waitlist for espm 165?
Course load advice (61B, Math 54, Phys 7A)
PG&amp;E EXTENDS POWER OUTAGE UNTIL AT LEAST WEDNESDAY, LIKELY MORE
is ee16b webcast?
CS 182
If I'm trying to transfer into ucb with CS major, will the following strategy work?
What's happening in unit 1?
How is enrico moretti for econ 1? Hearing mixed things...
Data 100 and CS61B Question
Prepare for Hilfinger's 61b
Should I ask for more letters of rec than I need?
Marc Fisher cares more about student mental health than Berkeley or PG&amp;E
Going down the EECS stack decal
Pass no pass
a moment of appreciation for GOAT Marc Fisher
Petition for PG&amp;E to continue power outage until Thursday
Cunningham (Unit 2) just got fire evacuated because someone tried making 3 packs of instant Mac N Cheese in their microwave without water.
Is RSF open on Monday?
Decriminalization of plant based psychedelics!
Should I take History 160 or Econ 115?
PG&amp;E: Another power shutoff possible for Tuesday
Prospective undergrad walking around Cal campus today, anything in particular I should see?
PG&amp;E: Customers could lose power on Tuesday and Wednesday for a third time in one week
Hey! I'm working on a political start-up/initiative which is debuting in California. If you're a PoliSci major who would be interested, please PM me!!
Printer plez
PG&amp;E considering a third power cutoff Tuesday-Thursday, potentially includes Alameda county
Wtf is considered a "daytime" class?
Students who had their midterms rescheduled due to power outage, wildfire smoke, etc,: how did your professor choose to reschedule your midterm?
Any chance ee16a mt2 will be postpone?
Where's my 61C gang at?
$25 for 1 hour focus group on private student loans
CS 61A will always expand right?
Gas or Power??
Comcast outage
Lmao people the cutoffs are for SAFETY. I don't think you'd appreciate classes permanently cancelled due to wildires…
Data 8 vs Stat 135
How is the political climate at Berkeley? Wait time for CS classes?
RANT: PROFESSORS HOLDING A MONDAY EXAM SHOULD HAVE ALREADY HAD ARRANGEMENTS PLANNED AND A MESSAGE READY THE MOMENT CAMPUS EMAILED. THEY HAD A TIMELINE AND KNEW CAMPUS WOULD UPDATE US SOMETIME SUNDAY !
Given the outage, the amazon locker be open on Monday?
Where is there power?
Classes canceled Monday
Hahahahahahahhahakillme
RIP dead week pt. 2
what does it mean if there's a higher % of NP than P in a class according to berkeleytime?
61a midterm
Accounting at Berkeley. How to make it happen?
Wtf is going on
Anyone hear that?
Does Garcia ever shift bins for CS61C?
Power is gone 🦀🦀🦀
ECON classes
What's been the bin shift in past years of fall cs61a?
Renewing a green card vs Naturalizing
its friday ball out
[Postgame Thread] Utah Defeats California 35-0
Cal (4-4) shut out by #12 Utah 34-0
Any graduate students having trouble finding friends?
Finish CS without 162?
FUCK PG&amp;E
F for power
Difference between Econ 136, Econ 138, and Econ 139?
Anyone know what's happening with CS170?
Advice for me?
easiest R and C part B requirement? failed colwrit techlang R4B so looking for second chances
Chances of classes being cancelled Monday?
Psych 101 R Midterm Exam
Good documentary on negligence of PGE.
Is campus still open? Need to print something ASAP
Proud Bear 🐻
which R&amp;C A requires the least effort?
Will Berkeley cancel recovery week since class cancellations are the new normal?
Any advice on the following classes for next semester?
What/where are the most fun parties going on in Berkeley tonight?
Industrial Engineering and Operational Research
Is RSF closed?
What are my chances of getting into ucb?
CS 70 pnp?
Anyone lose power yet?
One of Berkeley's largest landlords sells 6 apartment complexes to Texas group
The California Golden Bears Visit Utah Utes For Saturday Night Game
Alumni (BS, MS) Craig Federighi's message to aspiring software developers [X-post from r/apple]
How to use the updated assist.org?
fellow photographers in Berkeley
Berkeley on a Budget: NYT
As a new transfer student who just started this semester, when’s the ideal time to start applying for internships? I assume companies want some amount of relevant coursework done maybe 2 semesters?
ball out
Spooky
Oski looks like a pickled foreskin and I hate him
Can I get unbanned from the discord?
fuck the physics department
When is it too late to find a summer internship?
Cal Housing Cancellation
Does anyone know the difference between the Berkeley UG Scholarship and University Grant?
FYI there's a new pasta place across from Gypsy's
Can I say I'm graduating early when applying to internships even if I'm not 100% I am?
What is the God Quad?
Will the Blackwell gym be open tomorrow?
Whelan's Smoke shop in front of MLK
IEOR says Go Bears!
Halloween Parties??? WYA??
For the students here :)
Where can I purchase fireworks?
Fun orgs to join for young working professional to meet people?
Anyone else having trouble understanding what Serganova talked about today in the Math 54 Midterm review lecture?
Undergrad
Recommended UD IB Courses!
How To Write A Paper In One Night
Pass/No Pass R&amp;C Requirement?
Grad School
Is data science really a "joke" major?
EEP Upper Divs?
At what point do they start extending the semester?
GPA
Data 8 and CS 88
Super Random Question: Can you change your cal ID photo?
Does anybody have a metal detector I can borrow?
Anyone in UGBA 135/Has taken Selinger's Personal Finance course (used to be 196 i believe)
California Golden Bears Head To Salt Lake To Face Utah Utes
61A kids or Data 8 kids?
PG&amp;E will cut power to Alameda County, including Berkeley and Cal, starting Saturday
Are the power shutoffs going to affect Cal Hacks?
Condo/townhouse near campus w fiber, solar, and AC?
How do you stay motivated?
If you're sick, wear a mask and GO HOME!!
professional foot washers
Does anyone have a syllabus for Philosophy 5: Science and Human Understanding?
What qualifications do I need to be a TA in cs61a
Is this recursion?
Chem 1a grading bins
Damn that midterm was hard
I just found I missed a point on WWPD
does linguistics R1B have a final exam?
BREAKING: PG&amp;E releases a map of potential power outages this weekend, which cuts through all of campus, most of Northside and half of Southside. Be safe!
anyone else not write their name on every page of the exam
CS61A rant
Daddy DeNero strikes again
Thoughts on midterm 2 for 61a?
Daddy please
Get on my level
People who got into eecs: what was ur high school gpa and sat/act?
Chem 1A grade bins
New PG&amp;E power shutoff map for Berkeley (bigger area than last time)
Foothill Wifi Extremely on and off?
can someone post this in ucbmfet i don't have fb
history 124a midterm
Can I Pass/No Pass a Required Class if I have AP credit???
ASTRO C10 LABS HELP
Tips for Managing Depression During a Stressful and Midterm/Interview-Full Week?
CED individual major no longer available?
Getting a NP for a seminar/directed group study class. Any major repercussions?
Anyone taken ASTRO C12?
UCLA sub raid
UC Berkeley back in US News and World Report Rankings as #1 public university
Do you ever feel like your life is stuck?
Is taking CS 162 with CS 161 and Data 100 a good idea/manageable?
HS senior here: Is there a difference in difficulty to get into majors in l&amp;s? For example stats vs cs
Stats 20 tutor needed ASAP
A motherfuckihg kiwi it was stuck in the middle of the road
How hard is it to get a 3.14159?
How much we betting this is CS61A Midterm 2?
L&amp;S kids what was your gpa and sat/act during hs
Cal Bears Football falls from the Top 30
How to deepen my understanding in Math 54
L and S aceptde kdis what is ur gpa and sat/act scor
get your n95 masks asap
When is TP TEA going to open?
Wildfire Smoke on Campus: Have a plan!
Is Polkadot Man Still at Berkeley?
potential of another pge shutdown?
not sure if this is the right platform to ask this but...
how well does data 8 prepare you for cs61a?
Life post Chem 4A
Postmates Serve - Food Delivery Robot
Hope all you cs61a kids are excited for tomorrow!
Enrollment time question
How hard is it to get a 5.0?
Reading and Composition Part B Advice!
where do people sell used hydroflasks?
Max units for graduation?
EECS 16A/B vs Math 1B workload
How hard is it to get a 3.14159265359... ( = π)?
Why the fuck does Berkeley stagger their enrollment periods?
Should I take Ieor 173 or ieor 166?
Getting accepted to Berkeley vs. attending Berkeley
Meanwhile in Canada: University of Toronto Donation Scandal
Astro c10 labs
Getting in to Berkeley vs. attending Berkeley
Emergency drop, but will put me below 13 units
Where did "Based Goff" come from?
Gamers of r/berkeley, how did your gaming life change/become nonexistent as you entered college?
What is the lowest / deepest point on campus?
CS EECS vs Letters
Dough
Has anyone taken Physical Biology of the Cell (MCB 137L?) Any recommendations for easy-ish MCB CDB electives in the spring for a senior?
How hard is it to get 3.3?
Where to learn singing?
Honors Physics Lab series
Confused, rejected, annoyed.... and pretty h**ny
Can someone please teach a Lady Gaga dance decal?
Does Tinder U work here?
Tackling Social Isolation with Engage
How do I do well at Berkeley?
cs61b tutoring
Can I use one course to fulfill my American Cultures req, a Breadth req, and a major req?
Tang Center Piano
Found Hydroflask in wheeler auditorium
How hard is it to get a 2.0?
3 unit EECS grad classes
Taking Physical Chemistry CHEM 120A, 120B as a Physics major
Listen to the Speaker of the House, California Senator Nancy Pelosi, accept a $3 billion dollar bribe from wealthy high profile child rapists for safe passage to get Asian boys through the border at "Monterrey" on January 17, 2019.
CS61C
Advice for transfer student in ecosystem management/forestry program
I need an MCAT study partner :(
IND ENG 135 waitlisted
Where can i buy anti stanford berkeley hoodie/shirt?
Anyone Interested in No Nut 2020?
PG&amp;E is saying there might be a repeat of the last outage starting Sunday
Stat 133 and 135?
How to see who instructor is when adding classes?
How hard is it to get a 4.0?
Master of City Planning
Where can I find teammates for Calhacks?
Philosophy Course Enrollment
calhacks team
Any romantic spots on campus?
Looking to buy a small CRT TV
What is CalHacks like?
Is it possible in any way to obtain UC Berkeley lectures in audio or video?
For those who took Global10A
Anyone double major in CS and Sociology?
Anyone doubling major in CS and Sociology?
Is the math department lenient to waive the 54 requirement with physics 89
Thoughts on Stat 140 vs. Stat 134?
Thinking about withdrawing
2 free tickets to Hozier show tonight
Is this a theoretically valid schedule for an L&amp;S CS major trying to graduate in three years?
Is there school on Presidents day?
does anyone have an anthro2ac mt1 study guide?
Why study maths at Berkeley when it is proven maths ends in meaninglessness/contradiction: 6 proofs/examples
bruh moment on MTs
I'm going to fail this course I'm in right now. Can I enroll in it next semester?
Anyone studying for UGBA 103?
Hey Berkeley students, how are internships for you in CS?
All my BTS fans cramming for CS61A come here
possiblity of P&amp;G power outage
Teach me how to flirt?
Average rent for double
IAS 107/PoleECON 107
SF newspaper says its 20 degrees hotter than normal and every primary greenhouse is increasing.
Is Cal hacks worth going to?
ugba 105 w/edward kass
People who sit down in libraries or other study spaces and spend extended periods of time (&gt; 10 minutes) in those weird side hug things with their (presumably) significant others, why?
Stat 154 vs Data 102
UC Berkeley junior donates stem cells to save 29-year-old woman battling leukemia
Looking for Cal students who listen to Spotify!
Mechanical Engineering Masters
Best entrepreneurship clubs?
Surveying people across the country about how long it took them to find a job after college and could use more data on people in/from California. If anyone is willing to participate it would be greatly appreciated! Mods please remove if this is not allowed here.
ECON 100A with ECON 140?
Cs mentor for cs61b
How safe is DT Berkeley from 7-9 PM?
I'm not afraid of failing, nor getting a bad grade, but C- scares me a lot
Anyone in History 30 with professor Massimo Mazzotti willing to explain to me or share notes of today’s lecture? I couldnt make it today because of a midterm
61b with Hilfinger: How many extra credits can we get for the entire semester?
big game student section
econ 100b lectures?
What is CS169? Is it a high course load class?
I'm an idiot
Is it normal/encouraged to create specialized resumes to apply to every CS job?
If our CS department here is so good, how is it that Airbears is so shit??
Data8 grading
Should I be avoiding Hilfinger 61B next semester?
61A has me freakin anxious, advice appreciated
anyone want to rant about the ugba 10 leadership test?
Ever thought that Confessions or Overheard could use your input? Now's the time to apply to be a moderator here
Why am I put on the waitlist for a class that is open?
I hate my roommate.
As Homelessness Surges in California, So Does a Backlash
Anyone play Runescape?
Does anyone know when does Summer 2020 schedule usually posted?
How to get DSP?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is on campus
CS 169 closed for enrollment?
Help
61b drama saga to be updated soon!
Has anyone taken LDArch C171 with Mozingo?
Worried about the future
Which class should I pair STAT 89A and CS 61B with for Spring 2020?
Moving to Berkeley
Taking New Media courses?
Am I going to hate myself if I take all 4 of my 4 unit classes back to back on T/Th next sem...
Cyplan 113a curve?
anyone mind letting me borrow $5 at el cerrito del norte bart?
Gaming Discord?
Is it smart to prioritize breadths over pre-recs in Phase 1 enrollment? (first year intended L&amp;S CS)
EECS Grad Application Questions
Stats class for bio major
Google SWE Summer 2020
divorce
Berkeley boys changing the world!!!
I fucking love Oski
Does anyone know Professor Yuri?
Yeethaw
Ecommerce website
61B NP
Afriad I'm not going to pass
Yet another cafe robbery and a possible solution
anyone throw up from croads tonight?
Data 8 score out
Trying to pay PG&amp;E bill
Are the ugba 135 assignments timed specifically assignment 3
Data 8 midterm grades are out on calcentral under notifications fyi
Did anybody else in CS10 turn in hw3 incomplete?
Developing anxiety senior year
Is using slader/chegg/online answers for homework cheating?
SO of UCB Student in Need of Social Life
Data 100 Prereqs for next sem
UC Berkeley students complain delays in shutting off water likely worsened flood damage to dorms
Stat 134 vs Stat 140
Join the Berkeley STEM discord
Is Hum 120 an easy 2 unit class to take?
Why does the CS department not counteract increased interest with increased rigor?
Hey! If you're a PoliSci major, or just any person who would be interested in working on a cool politically impactful project, PM me!
So PG&amp;E statue when?
Language classes when you know the language already?
Which has the least amount work: Econ 100A, 100B, Econ 101A, or Econ 101?
i want to drop a class but it'll put me below L&amp;S' minimum units... is it possible?
I fucking hate Oski
I applied to 30-40 places 9 days ago, and I have had about 3 rejections and silence from the rest.
Does anybody have notes for Joe's lecture last Thursday?
What happened to people evacuated from Foothill?
walking back from library/northside late at night
Cog sci/comp sci double major questions
Info 159 vs CS 188? Stat 102?
Advice for intended cogsci major
Foothill needs the Avatar
What will happen if I p/np cs 70?
Sports Reward Program Survey
Anyone know how late the foothill pool is open?
CANT GET LIT
Question about Language Requirement for Political Economy Major
lonely and horny
ANYONE FROM UGBA 135 CARE TO SHARE NOTES WITH ME FROM LAST CLASS? PLS THANK YOU!
Storm Stern Hall they can’t stop us all
The end is near!
Graduate studies after undergrad degree ethnic studies?
I’ve Failed All My Midterms, What Now?
Foothill and Stern getting are flooded because someone decided to drive drunk into a fire hydrant...
Foothill Has Fallen
Do you like people asking about your transfer story?
Is there anyway to petition out of Physics 7C for CoE
For the CS61A students: it would be worth your time!
IEOR 162, Will I fail? / How to do well
What happens if you accidentally see a solution to a CS code?
Can I skip out on graduation commencement?
The Pac-12 Mascot Battle Royale
I have a plan to make our football team win more games
I have a plan to make our football team win more games
California Golden Bears (4-3) fall to Oregon State Beavers (3-4) 21–17
Fuck Beau Baldwin
How’s the workload in BIO ENG 100? Does it have midterms and final?
Can we fire Beau Baldwin now please
I did have a great time though
Does any CC teach 61b equivalent online?
Should I P/NP my breadth class?
What's happening on southside right now?
Any restaurants in area take venmo?
how hard is honors math 53?
Make me Love/Hate Cal
Stand Up Comedy and Pizza Thursday, October 24th 7:30 pm at Legionnaire Saloon!
Didn't print football tickets for today's game. What are my options?
Casual reminder than the P/NP deadline is coming up on November 1!
Selling an extra ticket to the game tomorrow! Up to give a cheap price :)
SFSU &amp; Cal cross registration program
Anyone going to the Caravan Palace concert Mon night?
What are the Pros and Cons of Pass/NPing a class?
Need someone to talk to?
Learning CS 61B online
CalHacks experiences and advice?
CS 189 without 188?
FAILED MY FIRST MIDTERM AS A FIRST YEAR. WHAT SHOULD I DO? (ASTRO C10)
Data 8 midterm
Difficulty of Computer Science classes vs Business/economics?
Question about CS Gpa...
UCR isnt reading out names at commencement
LOST MY KEYS
Pick-up soccer at cal?
So that's how my day is going...
PG &amp; E... to be... continued???!
Best apps/places for hookups? (serious)
Lost ID Card
it's big brain time
Which room has the best projector?
Hey! I’m a Norwegian student how is going to study at Berkeley next semester (in the spring). Is it anything you would recommend I look into before moving?
Me desperately trying to bring my grades up
Hey transfer students, how old are you? I feel like I’m the only 23 year old.
Calhacks
Where to find a Cal Hacks team?
For all you Yangsters out there
For all you Yangsters out there
For all you Yangsters out there
Your brothers at UCR are losing their commencement ceremony!
any classes I can add right now?
Go Bears!
Canadian Election Results Watch Party - Monday Oct 21 @ Moses Hall
Math 55 in place of CS70
Physics for Future Presidents
Anyone need their scooter worked on or hopped up???
seen on oxford &amp; university
Whose got a Cal vs OSU ticket for sale??
how early do people get to calhacks on saturday?
CS classes to take as a Stats major?
Math 1B a year after Math 1A at CC; possible?
Data 8 for Intended Econ/Pre-Haas
CS/COGSCI Majors: What are some good L&amp;S Breadths you recommend?
Easiest Literature Courses?
Math Major needing help deciding classes
Double majoring in math and stats?
Math 53 midterm
Prof Philip Wood (math department)
Penguin - Come On [Rap] Ft. Trina Linni 🔥
So is foothill late night open or not
Help: Which Professor should I take for Math 104?
Information on Minors: Data Science, Statistics, and Public Policy
Cal Alums/Seniors: Did Berkeley help you land your first gig after college/shape your career path?
'Rape of drugged victim' reported in UC Berkeley housing
Bombed CS 70 Midterm... not sure what to do now
PSA: Cal Athletics is giving away free tickets to this Saturday’s game in the Unit 3 Courtyard if you follow them on Instagram
Looking for a private CS61A Tutor
CS61A Midterm Next Week Feels
You'd think the #1 university in the world would do a better job at this
We need a support group set up for students who just failed something
Music Business @ Cal
anyone here taken IB 102LF?
Physics 8B
UC Berkeley Torture Supporter tells Fox News "trump should not be impeached".
Media Studies Transfer
This is a long shot, but did anyone find an iPhone in Dwinelle 155 or around?
Which R1Bs dont have finals?
To the guy asking about Smoke's Poutine: found this on their door today
Who is Spider-Girl?
Any fashion design courses?
Looking for Doctor
Where to go for haircut??
Sociol 167
How to deal with Apathy?
CalCentral Enrollment Experience Survey (super short!)
Hs senior here; do I have a chance of getting into l&amp;s department?
L&amp;S CS freshmen unsure whether to take CS61B + CS70 together next semester
best happy hours near cal?
Economist Ted Miguel awakens to Nobel Prize dream — well, almost
61A is messing with my head
Got a 69 on EE16A midterm. Like actually. What are my chances for a B+?
Anyone knows them?
For those of you going to Lauv concert
When do CalHacks decisions come out?
How hard is 61A for somebody with ~8 years of CS experience?
Anyone going to madeon concert at Bill Graham?
post grad plans
Beautiful sunset today :)
unpopular opinion: Hilfinger is senile and should not teach anymore
Ind Eng 135 Enrollment
Is it true that people who live in Bowles partake in human sacrifices?
Ticket Transfer for Homecoming Football
Uh can someone get them here please?
Ahahaha
Official request for a schedule megathread
Data 8
schedule advice
CS61B: Gitlet vs. Tablut
I am the phantom of Wheeler 150, can I survive going outside?
Math H113 with James Conway and math 110 with Kenneth Ribet?
How do you guys deal with waiting for results on an exam that likely didn't go well/went very average?
Good Buddist study Class
How do EE16A midterms actually work?
Int'l Soros child rape ring backed by Pres. Trump for $4billion bribe. Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray.$15+billion in payoffs, 60+ deaths from rapes in Buffalo,NY Jan2019. Listen to them here:
finger exercises
Guys I'm a freshman and I want to major in L&amp;S, is this a doable schedule?
enrollment days
CS W186 and Math W53 over the summer
EE16A midterm 1
Logged out of Calnet
Does anyone else think physics 7a sucks a lot
What is the difficulty and workload of UGBA 88
Is this a reasonable schedule? I don't want to fall behind in CS
Berkeley’s Dopest Hip-Hop Duo of 2019 rocking tomorrow at the Legionnaire!
Why are there paper plates and cups now at Foothill Dining?
Where do I go to submit a change of college petition?
New to town and need some advice
This is the ideal schedule. You may not like it but this is what peak performance looks like.
can I complete the journalism summer minor in one summer?
ENGIN 125?
Industry vs Research Alumni Panel today
Boosted Board Discount + Community at Cal
emergency dropping class
Rip Dead Week
Anyone have an electric scooter (m365)/bike/tire pump tube?
What a beautiful cloudy day
CalHacks6.0?
Water Bill (EDMUD)
I've noticed people have stopped using the stickied Megathread for simple questions. Starting next week, I will start removing the most basic of question threads and redirect these people to the Megathread.
No more counseling til spring???
Math 126 difficulty as first upper div?
Does anyone else have trouble grasping CS61C?
Does this seem like a doable schedule?
Midterms
Noteability is for sale right now
You forgot your pens in Kroeber
Math or Physics UGSI?
Dorms or I-house for exchange??
Kiwi Bots cursed by Seal
Acid from people's park
Talaska is the only teacher for math16a spring, advice please!!
What's your favorite Gourmet Ghetto restaurant?
University leading erotic poet
MEB (CNR) and Political Economy (L and S) Double Major
Talasazan only teacher for math 16a spring, advice!!!
Tables on Sproul?
Hilfinger is teaching 61B next semester
Comment from people who’s taking stat102 this semester
how to not feel like dying after a bad grade?
Come to the Berkeley Plaza!
Switching dorms
is there a fishing club
Psych 147
Should I apply to Berkeley as an intended business major or economics major?-prospective student
Can someone please chance me. I really need to get into this school or I am a disappointment to my parents. Sorry for being a burden! Btw I want to major in Business (BS in Business Administration)
ee16a circuits with boser
Econ 141 question
Which classes should I enroll in Phase 1?I’m planning to take CS61B + EE16B + CS70 + R5B
61b Midterm 1 + Advice for future midterms
Easy CS Upper Divs?
Any quality virgin v chad memes for Berkeley?
Post 16b midterm thoughts?
Hong Kong - Interviews from Students
Invite CS students to test the most precised C/C++ segfault diagnosis tool
First time at the Greek Theater
Is this Data Science major schedule doable?
Easiest Econ Electives?
What happens if you skip a CS61A midterm?
What’s the deal with Smoke’s Poutine?
"Hong Kong: The Unspoken" Expo. Come and learn about what is happening in Hong Kong. 10/20 Sunday 1PM-5PM :)
CS + Data Science (For a career in genetics? ML?) HELP!
Lost Hydro:(
Struggling to sit in LeConte lecture halls
So how about that earthquake!?!
Earthquake this evening
Feel that shake??
did anyone else feel the earthquake?
earfquake
Anyone just feel the earthquake?
Rumble rumble
Anyone know the acceptance rate of Berkeley Data Science grad school, the MIDS program?
Is my GPA not affected if I get a NP in a 2 unit seminar?
Will I die with CS 61C, CS 162, and CS 170?
To that one girl who was protesting baked beans a little while ago
EECS 16A Midterm Curve?
Current/prospective IEOR/ORMS majors!
I just won eight dollars on a scratcher I found in the trashcan outside the 7-11
Alumni, which bConnected features were you able to keep?
Any recommendations on humanities/breadth classes to take that are either super interesting or an easy A?
When should I start applying for housing?
If I'm planning on graduating early can I start calling myself class of 2022
Africam 27ac exam
CalCentral Enrollment Experience Survey
Question about the homeless situation in and around Oakland
STAT20 lsber study tips
monday_irl
Applying for a CS MS at Berkeley while doing a CS MS at Davis?
Something to think about as you get rejected in order to inflate someone's ego.
Starting at $15.59 an hour
Chem 4A midterm 2 tore me a new hole
Is there any way I can get out of taking R1B for a letter grade?
What would I roughly need to get a B+ in CS70?
Int'l Soros child rape ring backed by Pres. Trump for $4billion bribe. Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray.$15+billion in payoffs, 60+ deaths from rapes in Buffalo,NY Jan2019. Listen to them here:
Why doesn't Berkeley have its own college of computing?
Psych and CS Double Major?
Online R&amp;C B Course?
Tonight Drake presents Gretzky - 415 [Rap]
UC Berkeley grad student says research may have been destroyed by PG&amp;E outage
Opinions on Data Science Alternative Courses
"Stand with Hong Kong" Protest (Wednesday, October 16 @ 2:00PM) Update - AS THE EVENT APPROACHES...
Is Ling 100 (intro to ling) Necessary to Take Before Other Ling Courses?
Math 110 Midterm w/Frenkel
Should I take CS61B, CS70, EE16B concurrently?
Saw this on Sproul
Has anyone taken the Integrative Biology C32 - Bioinspired desgin course? What did you think?
Spider-girl needs to stop on Confessions
People with disabilities or medical conditions affected by PG&amp;E outage?
How do I find research in the middle of the semester?
Academic Ethics Question
Martinez Commons Res Halls (not Apartments)
Good question.
Easy ways to get funding at Cal
Are there any consulting clubs that can do probono (free lol) work for my startup?
Stats 20 Midterm with Professor Ibser
Anyone done with section C for Anthro MT study guide?
Anthro 3ac mt study guide
midterm for Julia Bryan wilson- contemporary art in the americas
Trip to Berekley for a play at Berkeley Rep; travel tips, suggestions?
Turning into a complainer
Giving away my 1 ticket to Thom Yorke friday night at the greek
Giving away 1 ticket to Thom Yorke friday night at the greek
Changing registration date?
I got a serious question about the summer digital humanities minor in Berkeley?
Selling 1 Thom Yorke ticket for friday night at the greek
As Bay Area recovers from PG&amp;E power shutoff, many ask: ‘Was this necessary’?
Queries on UC Berkeley's Data Science program
Bear Pact make-up
do the laundry rooms have cameras?
CalCentral: [Not Enrolled: You are not enrolled in any classes for this term]
anybody interested in studying tmrw for anthro 3ac midterm
Selling 1 Thom Yorke ticket for friday night at the greek
2nd year humanities major want to switch to chemistry or biology
Can I take a piano class if I'm not a music major?
Anthro 3AC Study Guide
Quick survey for a 25$ Amazon gift card!
UGBA 88
Global 45?
CS 61A?
Int'l Soros child rape ring backed by Pres. Trump for $4billion bribe. Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray.$15+billion in payoffs, 60+ deaths from rapes in Buffalo,NY Jan2019. Listen to them here:
Most useful/applicable CS upperdivs for industry?
How to get better at street smarts stuff?
Students at cal poly are not stupid
Does this look familiar to anyone?
Roof access?
Teacher assignment
For those who need to take thermodynamics, UC Davis has a cool summer abroad program in Iceland that we can apply in too
A difficult choice
Grocery cards added to UC Berkeley Food Assistance Program
Does anyone need Bastille tickets?
Bastille Concert
PhD student moving to south Berkeley?
Schedule for Spring 2020 - any advice?
“Unique Chemistry Sequence”
Anyone want a ticket to Aftershock?
Do Berkeley students fare well at getting into REUs?
Selling Tyler the Creator Ticket Tonight in SF $50
Dead week is definitely cancelled
MCB 102 with Miller &amp; Ingolia or MCB c100a with Kuriyan?
PG&amp;E Workout or other type of sesh?
Anyone know if Edward’s is still open?
I don't even know how I made it to Cal
Selling 1 Ticket to Tyler the Creator Show Tonight in SF
How to party without being in a frat?
How to make my Google Calendar display events as blocks of a calendar?
Why do parties/social functions here have a bid system?
Wisdom teeth removal
where near campus can I get the squiggly plastic hairties/wristbands for cheap
I think Tinder has peaked...
Why does my calcentral say “Fall 2019 Not Enrolled, You are not enrolled in any classes for this term” ? I don’t have any overdue payments &amp; all my classes are still showing up under academics
Workshops available to UC Berkeley students?
Location of Hong Kong flyers on campus
Private working spaces?
Dating app recommendations?
Father passed away suddenly, feeling lonely
FPF class October 11th
I'm really fucking lonely and I don't know who to rant to
Who’s gonna teach cs61b in spring 2019?
RSF continues closure for Friday.
My Chinese patriots, let's give these rioters hell
Where can I get/rent a laptop?
So are Dorm going to lose power?
URGENT: What do I do?
PG&amp;E gave us our fall break
RIP Dead Week
recommendations for exercise during shutdown
Ah shit. Here we go again.
Do y'all think the Chem 1A midterm will be pushed back?
I wAnTeD tO gO tO SkEWwWwWwWwL...
CLASS CANCELED ON FRIDAY
CLASSSS CANCELLED AGAIN HELLLL YEA
Classes Cancelled Friday
Class Canceled Friday!
Friday too?
Prospective Socio transfer!
Any CC EECS Transfers that Got a Job at Major Companies like Google?
What are the chances that we get Friday off also?
Selling 2 tickets for cheap to the Mac Ayres concert in SF on October 27th!!
Air quality advisory issued for entire Bay Area region
A tantalizing idea
2006 Berkeley: Neighbors say no to popular market / Trader Joe's project hits snag over traffic, low-priced alcohol
behind the scenes at PG&amp;E
Looking for someone who has some strong experience in App Development to work on a project with....
Econ Tutor Needed
Anyone know if amazon locker at MLK is open?
Is Stanford colluding with PG&amp;E?? Does this mean WAR??
This is why we can't have nice things - these people had nearly 10 tupperware containers in total
Parking Garages?
PG&amp;E has done more for student mental health than Berkeley
Any grads keep getting the "your CalNet expires" email?
Does EECS 16A award generous (if any) partial credit for Midterm 1?
This has to be the best thing that came out of the blackout
Does anyone know if the Amazon Locker in the MLK is still open and operational?
This is what we came for
How do you get over asking stupid questions in office hours?
Withdrawing and semester-out
Getting my pump on without PG&amp;E?
no
Ummm? Scary
How long will Unit 3’s power be up?
Two down, one more to go
Are libraries and places around Berkeley campus open?
/r/berkeley pageviews by hour during the blackout
Did the power go out and come back on?
The world's oldest cheese
A *power* imbalance
It be like that sometimes
So now that the power is off... no class Friday?
Happy - no class tomorrow no essay
Go PG&amp;E！
Thursday classes cancelled
WE DID IT, FAN BLOWERS
CLASS CANCELED
The hell y'all yelling about
Never mind guys, classes are canceled.
A NEW HOPE
CLASSES CANCELLED
CLASSES CANCELLED THURS
CLASSES CANCELLED TOMORROW
All of us RN
Do you guys still have power?
Can you take classes at BCC as a Cal student?
online now
Sad - still have power must work on essay
BERKELEY CAN WE GET SOME COMMUNICATION?
GOD DAMMIT PG&amp;E LET ME HAVE THIS
Question about CS 70
What to do when you get an exam and don't know a thing on it?
Therapy advice?
Power outage countdown at unit 1
CS/Stat C8?
Santa Cruz dorms lost power
Out yet???
Alameda county officials confirm (as of 10:26 PM), that PG&amp;E told them shutoff will happen around midnight
IMPORTANT
Plot twist: this whole situation is a scheme by local stores to boost sales #norefunds
Cal Triathlon
is the power off anywhere?
Best places on campus to sleep with your professor
Is there anyone here that plays chess?
Do any California CCs in the Bay Area offer EE 16A/16B UCB EECS equivalent courses?
PGE update.
Lost power Unit 2
Tutor megathread
EE16b thoughts before midterm 1
Should I take Math 53 or Math 54?
Have you lost power?
Hozier at the Greek Theater
Alone and depressed at Cal
Roommate
So are there politics behind the power shutoff in the East Bay?
Tickets to Thom Yorke Fri, Oct 18, 2019 08:00 PM @ The Greek
Class tomorrow until further notice
Class tomorrow...
Classes on Thursday!?!
Class
Food safety
"Stand with Hong Kong" Protest at UC Davis CoHo Patio - Wednesday, October 16 @ 2:00PM
Just got back from the Stanford Cybersecurity festival, and I gotta say Berkeley wins this one
With the outage being expected at 8pm today, is it likely that classes will be cancelled tomorrow as well?
Math 49
Just Berkeley Things
Anyone wanna study LSAT with me lol
So... are classes cancelled tomorrow?
Power now off at 8pm? CYA by PG&amp;E
Anyone's power is out yet?
Best places to cry on campus
EMT job for student
Power shutoff expected at 8 pm now
Mathematics in Berlin Summer Abroad
made with mematic ™️
Looking for a job in tech? I'm hosting a workshop with EOP next week!
Will the power outage shorten dead week?
Seasonal Work
Update from Cal
Stargazing tonight?
Peep that cutie behind Daniel Ellsberg, whistleblower, as he declares Trump an enemy to the Constitution.
Libraries?????
Classes tomorrow
Bastille and Joywave are playing the Greek this Friday! A DOPE duo for sure.
PORN SCENE IN BERKELEY LIBRARY?!?!
Experience with developing? Help us answers this short survey
Has the blackout started?
As a Golden Gopher, I feel like your mascot will have to switch to Smokey the Bear pretty soon. I'm a Midwesterner curious to know how some of you feel about the measure taken by PG&amp;E as a preview somewhat of larger things to come for California with the effects that a warming climate brings.
Are there any restaurants open today before the outage?
Smell my farts PG&amp;E.
I'm tired of polarization being the scapegoat for political gridlock. A true solution needs to QUANTIFY how far we've moved apart and hold both parties accountable. Interesting article from a berkeley kid
what will be open tomorrow 8:30am with wifi access
Experience with Berkeley Free Clinic?
Its past midnight. Is anyone out of power?
MCB-102 EXAM
Late drop and FAFSA
Anyone wanna work on the Anthro 3AC MT study guide?
Study spots
Power Outage Pushed Back to Noon Wednesday
How common is it to use Tinder here at Cal?
Not Doing Well in MCB 102
Very helpful overview/explanation of the power outages from Mayor Arreguin
PG&amp;E: "Vibe Check!"
Vibe Check TBH.
CS70 midterm 1 grade -.25 SD below average can I still get an A
Must suck to be a school without power
Power Outage
WiFi?
Any of yall wanna cuddle in the dark at campus tomorrow
Lost Key :(
Where will there be public WiFi during the outage? My phone is broken so I'm completely cut off without WiFi.
hit us with those blackout memes
fiat lux? more like fiNOT lux
Are there really homeless students at Cal?
Bad CS70 Midterm 1 Grade
classes thursday and friday
What is an A+
What buildings on campus will be open and where can we get hot water tmrw :'(
Caldecott Tunnel will close due to planned power outage
Important Info regarding the Outage (dining halls, dorms, RSF, etc.)
Does the power outage mean that office hours are cancelled too?
Likelihood of Thursday and Friday classes being canceled as well?
Does foothill have backup power
Can someone send a photo of the map that PGE is releasing on affected areas?
CLASSES are CANCELLED!
Honestly PGE is a horrible company and campus shouldn't be cancelling classes due to its mismanagement
All classes cancelled tomorrow!
Classes Cancelled Tomorrow
Sweet
CLASSES CANCELLED TOMORROW (WEDNESDAY 10/9/19) DUE TO PG&amp;E OUTAGES
Frustrated with school.. I feel like I'm not learning much..
Has anyone actually gotten a notification from PGE about an outage?
CLASSES CANCELED TOMORROW!!
Hot water
L &amp; S Upper Division Requirements
Peeping Tom ALERT!!!
Best Things to Buy with Flex Dollars?
Power Outage and Classes
where can i buy candy on campus?
I need help and I can't get it from Tang. Any recommendations?
Former UC Berkeley cheerleader sues university for allegedly ignoring concussions
PSA: If you're lucky enough to be living in a neighborhood unlikely to suffer a power outage, offer your friends who might be affected storage space in your fridge for food should the power go out.
PSA: If you're lucky enough to be living in a neighborhood unlikely to suffer a power outage, offer your friends who might be affected to store their food in your fridge should the power go out.
Power outtage and classes?
What do I do about a medical concern? I have SHIP, but how do I schedule a consult?
Has anyone ever successfully rescheduled a Handshake/on campus recruiting interview?
Just FYI, campus has its own power generator so it (most likely) won't be affected by the power outages
Is there a way to link canvas to google calendar for assignments?
Coldest Water Fountains?
Do I need a CAA membership to keep my Berkeley email?
Former Cheerleader Missy Martin sues Cal over mishandling of concussions
Study rooms with blackboards
Geog 50AC First Midterm
How long do ee16a tests take to grade?
How Important Are Grades?
CalNet Down
EE16A fall 2019 midterm 1
When should I stop trying to be friends with someone?
I am bored as hell all of the time
Repping Cal at the World's Largest Gathering of Nigels
Any Z125 / Grom riders around?
What is the difficulty of UGBA 88
Hong Kong Affairs Association of Berkeley
TIL that the notation "ln(x)" for denoting natural log was invented in 1883 by a UC Berkeley mathematics professor
Question Thread for DeNero!
Taking Physics 7A/B at CC
Fellow CS majors: what is the least "CS major" thing about you?
Spotted on the University exit towards Berkeley.
Potential PG&amp;E power shutoff map for Wednesday and Thursday in Berkeley (NOT FINAL, MAY CHANGE)
Intended Math Major Course Selection Spring 2020
berk swag??¿
Jonas brothers tickets
Is it improper to ask someone about their score on a recent exam?
PG&amp;E could shut off power across Bay Area on Wednesday and Thursday
Questions about UGBA 103/ECON 136/ECON 138
Is cs270 with raghavendra worth taking?
How badly would I be screwing myself over?
First Upper division math classes
UC Berkeley EECS Fail All Classes
For those who have taken 185/H185, was having taken 104 necessary to succeed?
Extremely bad middterm scores. Advice?
Question for Data Science Majors
When do the math 16a midterm grades come out?
Is math 54 easier than ee16a?
Places to meet LGBT folks?
Do we only have no classes the Wednesday before Thanksgiving or the Friday as well?
I am an international and I am planning to drop a class. I will have 9 units if I drop that class. Will UCB cancel my F-1 Visa? Does anybody have any experience of dropping below minimu units with F-1 status?
Enrollment time during class
Recommended UD math to take after taking 110?
BioE 105 and 101
Anyone else not liking school?
why does ee16a midterm feel harder than cs61a midterm
Confused on how clubs work here/Looking for recommendations
ESPM 137 Midterm
Where to park at night at Berkeley?
study hard bears
Workstudy: Can I, a student CEO, hire other students or myself?
Residence Hall switch
Has Stanford ever tried to steal Oski?
Looking for a 2-unit decal to late add
Question about CS70 Midterm 1
What do people think about wearing black face masks in solidarity with Hong Kong?
Any CS/AI/DS related students willing to give a tech talk at a high school in CA?
Possibly transferring between two California Community Colleges
is it normal to not have any friends rn?
Collection of CS70 Midterm 1 Averages
Missing 21 year old guy - Last seen in Berkeley on October 2, 2019.
These obtuse fellas at Turning Point USA don't know how to BCC emails
To the UC Irvine minecraft server raider(s)
Current + prospective ORMS/IEOR majors! AMA
Pay for Tutor in east asian languages and cultures
Does Anybody Have A Camera They'd Be Willing to Lend For A Single Night? (I'll pay)
r/Futurology Meetup in Mountain View this Saturday 12 October 7pm
/r/Futurology Meetup in Mountain View, California
Schedule Planner not up?
reading and composition A and B requirements
Watching Lana Tonight From the Hills - Where Should I Sit
If you're interested in studying abroad through UC, check out this video of my experience!
Anyone else get an exception for non-payment even though they've paid their fees?
Music 26AC?
Almost all of Berkeley, including areas near campus, has a 9 or 10 rating for Lead risk
Japan 80 (Japanese Culture) workload
Procedure for Tang center pass for sickness during midterm (No SHIP)
Professional clubs that take in members during the spring?
CNR freshman in need of serious advice
Stay safe sexy bears! (Story attached)
Econ 162 (Chinese Economy)
Chem 1A Sapling
Storm the Campanile
Any dining advice??
Late drop below 13 units
Math w53?
[Postgame Thread] Oregon Defeats California 17-7
Oregon isn’t even a state
why are weekends in highschool more fun than weekends at berkeley
Writing classes at Berkeley City College that can satisfy R&amp;C A
How is stat 89a vs math 54
Anyone got a live stream for cal vs Oregon?
I got written up for alcohol in my suite even though I wasn't even there?
Interdisciplinary studies
Considering Late Drop
Someone punched a hole through CKC’s building 4 window last night...
Are you ready Bears?
people are so sweet on my floor
Best GSI Chem 1A and Stat 2?
UC Berkeley Campus Driving Tour - May help some Parents and new students if you have not had chance to visit or get around campus
I just got set up! Come by for at least some free food!
Computational Biology Courses
Anyone feel the earthquake this morning?
Best Korean Sashimi (회) in Norcal
Does anyone awnna study for the econ100B midterm sometime?
When do we find out exact scaled midterm score for Math 1A?
Solidarity with Hong Kong
Need good condoms
What’s the best way to integrate into the social aspects of Berkeley?
Yang gang opinion
Int'l Soros child rape ring backed by Pres. Trump for $4billion bribe. Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray.$15+billion in payoffs, 60+ deaths from rapes in Buffalo,NY Jan2019. Listen to them here:
CS faculty advising
late dropping?
Any events going on for Halloween later this month on or around campus?
Lana Ticket still for sale 10/6
Hilfinger 😌
Guy tears down Hong Kong humanitarian fliers.
Berkeley Students vs. Midterms
Overnight parking
GIVING AWAY PAIRS OF BEATS?? (Public Prank) - Check out my new vid! thought this idea would be funny to try out on people!
Is it worth it to take CS 88 and CS 61A
Teleman Math 54 Midterm
Advice for Stat 134
Stat 134 vs IEOR 172
Any Class/Decal to Late add?
where do students have access to paint supplies? i really want to paint
Free Desk
Reddit meetup is tomorrow! 1pm @ Memorial Glade
Unit 2 sink water...?
What are my chances of getting into Econ 2 with a terrible enrolment time? Not only am I a freshman but I got the freshman day 2 enrolment time...
what's with the ambulances at unit 3?
Video call
First upper div math class
Current ORMS and IEOR majors! AMA
61b Midterm 1
Anyone gotten a nintendo switch to work on campus wifi?
Grades for Math 1A Midterm out
CS/Art Double Major??
Getting into Cub Market after 8:30 PM?
CS/Art Double Major??
Best Brazilian Waxing in Berkeley?
Affordable car mechanics/shops?
anyone knows them?
Cafe 3 rice and broccoli sorta tasted like a moldy rag today. Anyone??
How many extra credits from projects are there on past Hilfinger's 61B?
Lost Clipper Card
Need a good place to privately cry.
Anybody living in the dorms willing to let me use the dorm pianos for practice?
knowledge
Fall Break
Looking for drummer for my band
Math 54 Online this summer?
Best time to take data science ethics course, specifically HIST C184
Doing research in a lab not related to your field.
Looking for an adventure in the city?
Lana Ticket Greek Theather
Lost key pls help
berkeley kink club
Chem 1A and Physics 8A
Cheated on CSW186 Homework 2 and Didn't Get Caught
A wholesome family meme
Student union hours?
Looking for someone with a studio
L&amp;S Cognitive Science
EECS and AP Calc BC
Wait how do you get onto an IM sports team?
Nutrition 10
Why UC Berkeley is Amazing, Sort of
Why UC Berkeley have smol pene
I made a website for college students to find other people on campus who have similar interests.
CS70 Enrollment Help
Why are Math 54 Top Hat participation questions so damn hard?
super random but does anyone own a philips norelco oneblade
Have no calculus experience, might need Econ classes to finish out degree - tips and advice?
What happens if you don't meet the 3.3 GPA threshold for cs?
Did you cs major people submit subject tests for physics?
Chem 120A or Physics 137A?
Data Science Minor has been approved
Dorms closed after classes start??
Econ 100a Midterm Daniel Acland
Pres Trump backs int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe. Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in Buffalo,NY Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
What happened to oskicraft?
intro CS course for CS noob?
Any audio journalists out there? Journalism radio show on KALX is looking for team members
Introductory course of CS noob
Flixbus &amp;&amp; other bussing options
The Everywhere Man
tfw these are only in the engineering buildings
about math 104 and cs 61b
Bread on the Southside?
Hey everyone! Have you ever wanted to recreate the iconic Abbey Road Beatles pic, but you’ve never made it across the pond to the UK? Come to sproul and take a pic in a 3D model of Abbey Road and get some of The Beatles unlocks from me to celebrate 50 years of Abbey Road! 2-5 TODAY
Have you ever wanted to recreate the iconic Abbey Road Beatles pic, but you’ve never made it across the pond to the UK? Here’s your CHANCE! Come to Sproul and take a pic in a 3D model of Abbey Road and get some of The Beatles unlocks from me to celebrate 50 years of Abbey Road! 11am - 3 pm TODAY
IB Predicteds
Physics 5 Series Out of Order
I just took a test where I knew none of the answers
Does anyone study data science in UC Berkeley?
Spring 2020 freshman schedule
Any thoughts on POLI SCI 2?
Received a letter saying I am in "defiance of the law" and that I have to go to Korea for military service
Math 110 and 113
Almost lost my virginity this weekend, but had trouble getting erect.. I need help getting erect (serious)
CS 70 after only 61A?
Econ 2 with day 2 (freshman) enrolment time
Would anyone mind sharing their high school statistics with which they were admitted?
declaring a major in DS? (transfer student &amp; originally an (intended) econ major)
Need some math 53 success stories plz
Would you say getting into Berkeley itself is harder or easier than getting a 3.3 GPA for pre reqs for comp sci major?
Auditing a Class?
EE16A tips?
Where can I buy a kiwibot plushie?
Go bears?
Accessible buildings for 2nd year L&amp;S undeclared CS student?
Why UC Berkeley is Amazing, Sort of
Second yr bio major need schedule advice
Which upper-div stat classes require linear algebra?
Which cs classes require linear algebra other than 189?
Is there a PDF of the stats of freshman who were accepted for each major?
L&amp;S Foreign Language Transfer Requirement
Switching majors in L&amp;S as a transfer
Hi guys, I lost a bracelet that looks like this this morning around 10am. I lost it either around the ESS building or in Etchevery. It means a lot to me and I am really hoping someone found it. If you found something that looks like it, please please please pm me it would mean the world to me
Stat88 Practice Midterms
Free donuts at the Coffee Lab?
Seeing a doctor
I miss you Andy Packard... best fucking teacher I could have ever asked for. RIP
ICLICKER
Have a midterm tomorrow and I woke up this morning with a 101.9° fever
Professor Andy Packard
How do you use the heaters in Unit 2?
Help! I got summoned for jury duty back in my home town. How do I get out of it?
Why the hell is the fire alarm always going off at Bldg 2 at Clark Kerr!?
math 54 and cs70
CS61A with Hilfinger or Engin 7 next semester?
Haas and CS(BA)
There are too many pretty girls
Advisory Message: Timely Warning
Hey, any UCB peeps going to the Greta Van Fleet concert this Wednesday??
How do I take community college courses and transfer my credit over to Cal?
Can anyone send me a copy of PSYCH C127 Cognitive Neuroscience syllabus?
Taking Reading &amp; Composition A+B during sophomore year
Saturn Cafe Closes Its Doors Due to Shortage of Workers?
History 7A Textbook Notes?
Can international students at Cal also do study abroad programs like EAP or global internships / summer abroad?
Who are the best Mechanical Engineering Professors to take at UCB?
Asking for recommendation letters a year later?
61B Reaxx
I learned today that my Great Aunt went to Cal and graduated in '24. I graduated in '98 without ever knowing I was a family connection to the University. I inherited a photoalbum from her time today from her son. Any interest in seeing more?
Question about Studying Abroad during the summer
And there goes the whole season! Go Bears 🐻
Take that, Stanford!
Chase Garbers out Indefinitely :(
CS 61A with 2 other technicals
Best grad classes for Mathematical Physics
Are all course offerings released?
Question for football fans at Berkeley: Thinking about getting NFL Sunday Ticket with my roommates. Has anyone tried it out?
Workload for second semester
Had to be Berkeley. I'm not even surprised
Cal Bears football ranked #27
yo where the pretty females at 😢
Fuck PG&amp;E
Math 16A Midterm
Physics 7A midterm
History 30 Midterm
parent weekend activities?
My roommate has his girlfriend over ALMOST every, single night. [RANT]
Chancellor participates in 'Ask Me Anything' on Berkeley Reddit community
A death at Steamworks Baths
Sahai is definitely on the r/berkeley Minecraft server
Taking Math 1B and 53 simultaneously?
Eecs16b taught by arcak and sanders next semester, has anyone had experience with them?
Resources for Teleman Math 54 midterm?
How many gingers are the in UC Berkeley?
Question about P/NP
Meetup this coming Saturday! Saturday, October 5th, 1pm @ Memorial Glade
Feeling so much dumber
espm 6
Pres.Trump backs Int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNYJan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Which group is in charge of those voter registration activists
math 16a midterm with professor slaman
EECS &amp; Business Administration degree help
Any Econ 100B Tutors?
Got billed by Berkeley but withdrew as a Freshman months ago. What should I do?
Recommended Reading and Composition courses
CS 61A or 88 next semester?
Math 53 Professor
Stat 88 with Ibser or Stat 131A with Fithian
Data Science Math Prerequisite
Anyone else totally lost in 16b?
enrollment times spring 2020
Math 124
Funny Top Dog Review
RSF with another ID
Nusctx 10 Textbook PDF
Yall are wild
Applying for transfer
Can I be rejected from M.E.T. and still get into another Berkeley college?
OskiCraft's Future Golden Bear (Help Wanted! See comments)
Budget deficit is gone! Go Bears 🐻
Go Bears 🐻
Power outage in much of Berkeley
Is Anyone in UGBA 135 Personal Finance?
Sad and Not feeling well here
Sad and want to transfer
Applying to haas without pre-reqs
housemate is sleeping
Prerequisites
Truth or Dare with Faculty
Steps to get a driver's licence in california? (For an international student who has no experience driving)
Has anyone taken Math 221 (Advanced Matrix Computations)?
Did anyone take ESPM C22AC/Anthro C12AC?
For STEM students, what is your daily routine for starting hw?
CS 170 Midterm Averages?
Any soc majors CC transfers?
Need help for Math 1A
SELLING POPTOPIA TICKETS
Anyone want 2 AJR tickets for tonight?
Video of the student section last night
Phase 1 Dates by Class?
A real life incel enters the chat
Health Opportunity Fund - $130 for services and prescriptions at the Tang Center
Online Mental-Health Support for Post-Secondary Students Questionnaire
Anime watchers?
Let's do it again
quarterback is sleeping with football coach for playtime
I have a contract at Unit 3. Is there anyway to get out of it. I want to move out
Any tips for the Leadership Award Interview?
When can we see class schedules for spring semester on academic guide?
Why is life so awkward
[Football] #15 Cal falls to Arizona State 17-24
Big oof
#FIRE
Does any one know what the weightage/ point distribution between MC and short answer generally is on Bio 1B exams?
What do you learn differently in MATH 110 compared to 54?
Prof. Walter Hood wins MacArthur Genius grant
I am experiencing extreme internal conflict
How do i improve in math? pls help a hopeless freshman thx lol
Professor @ Berkeley wins MacArthur Genius Grant
Dear CalDining
Stores that don’t card
Enrollment Times
Buying Student Football Tickets at the Box Office?
Date ideas for a weekday night
UBER Drivers Played A Game For MAXIMUM Tip Possible.!! (24 HOUR Uber Challenge)
University is back-charging me $2000 due to "glitch" in their system, 2 years after the fact. --X-Post from LegalAdvice. Any other Bears experience the same thing?
Just how screwed am I
Apply by next Friday to come to Cal Hacks!
Go bears
If you're parked on Hearst make sure to move your car; they've got 4 tow trucks making their way towards the top of the hill.
Selling Rolling Loud tickets $180
\\Pres Trump backs Int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNYJan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Selling Tickets for Tonight’s Game (Cal vs. ASU)
CALLING ALL CAL FANS!!!!!
Extra tickets to the game vs ASU
Raw Pizza Dough at Cafe 3
applying as a transfer to Berkeley
I'm a bisexual professor and if you sleep with me your grades will be fuckin lit
I am
I am 61B
Help pls
best place to watch game with other Cal fans in SF
Lana Del Rey in Berkeley 10/6
housemate is sleeping for better grades
hmm
61b saga explained
Housemate is sleeping with CS61B GSI’s housemate
FREE e-BOOK
Help Me...
Question for you Greek bears
I am the 61B Autograder
Places to play Magic casually?
go to the game tomorrow
housemate is CS61B autograder
dwinelle or kroeber hours?
Donate $10+ to the Food Pantry at the Cal Student Store to get a ticket to tomorrow’s game!
𻰽
Donate $10+ to the Food Pantry at Cal Student Store to get a ticket to tomorrow’s game!
Physics 7B P/NP
After ruckus, business association votes to drop 'Gourmet Ghetto' moniker; others say name should stay
housemate is sleeping
What do you learn in Stat/Data 102?
The campanile is beautiful at night! Took this during a full moon a couple of weeks ago.
Calnet down for anyone?
The Pattern of Discrimination at Berkeley
Update: housemate sleeping with CS61B autograder will help me get solutions
update: housemate sleeping with CS61B GSI will help me get solutions
Stressed About Consulting Recruiting Season and Interviews
Willing to trade regular ticket to ASU game for student section (physical) ticket
Willing to trade general admission ticket to Arizona game for a (physical) student section ticket
Has anyone had the sushi from GBC? Is it any good?
football game tomorrow
minor/double major or graduate early ??
\\Pres. Trump backs Int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNY\Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Use this Excuse Note from Coach Wilcox to leave work early for tomorrow's game
housemate is sleeping with CS61B autograder for better grades
Some of you are really mean to u/sorority_girl2344
Looking for suggestions 12x11' weather/heat resistant material to cover deck.
Is it just me or is Anthro 3AC really boring?
housemate is sleeping with CS61B professor for better grades
Sharps disposal on campus?
Under pressure, Palantir cancels UC Berkeley information session
Alright, who set off the fire alarm this time?
Is the Career Destination Survey on Berkeley’s website credible?
Our Bear Territory So Far
Will I be able to declare a minor? (transfer student)
Big Thief concert
How do we get discounted big game tickets?
UCSC to Cal (EECS)
Who's got tickets to Friday's game?
low effort but meh
How do I ask people to do stuff with me
Physics grad courses
Why Cal is Amazing (Satire)
Lost dorm room key
Econ 1
Why Cal is great, sort of
If you care for the truth of what's really going on behind the scenes of this world watch this
Besides using the GPA cap, how do you know if you're "cut out for" or should major in Econ?
housemate is sleeping with CS61B GSI for better grades
Thanks for the amazing questions, everyone! The Chancellor has signed off for now, but she will be back at 9:30am tomorrow to answer remaining questions. GO BEARS!
Pass/No Pass for Haas Admission
Cal Hacks as a team of noobs and no CubStart?
Some of you are really mean to Carol
Math 55 Struggling
EE16A in a nutshell
Were those Crave.com rentals a scam? Their website is gone and so is their email lol
Any "number one" school in California should be expected to have AC
I made an app that connects university students! poncho.app
Anywhere to get Adderall
My butt cheeks are moist
Need Advide on Staying Awake
Out of the Loop : What the fuck is going on in CS61B
Effect of Garcia Grade Bins on 61B this semester
The Chancellor will start answering questions in THREE (3) HOURS at 4pm sharp. Get your questions in while you can!
\\Pres. Trump backs Int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNY\Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Air conditioning
Vidalia | tordex7iie7z2wcg.onion :TorDex - The Uncensored Tor Search Engine
Making campus safer
AFFORDABLE Blind Repair Near Berkeley?
We have one of the best CS programs in the world, surely someone can figure out how to get good wifi
econ 1 or econ 3?
Is it too late to join the fencing club?
Cubing Club Questions
Application help
holy cow CS61B is a shitshow right now.
where to print papers 12am-8am
UC Online alternatives? Urgent
This guy is really snitching on everybody smh
Cubstart worth it?
Which advisor should I talk to about community college courses I probably would be taking this upcoming summer?
How bad is it to Drop DeCal
Is it a lot?
Anyone take Nutri Sci 10, can give me advice on the midterm, please?! Help a bear out :,)))
You know what to do
What are some nicknames for UC Berkeley?
Who teaches 61a in the spring
I wrote a blog post helping international students find jobs in the USA - let me know what you think..
A message from your starting linebacker, Evan Weaver. Go to the game on Friday!
Big game student tickets?
Dropping Full-Time Student Status HELP
Why UC Berkeley is Amazing, Sort of
MEETUP POSTPONED BY 1 WEEK. It is now Saturday, October 5th, 1pm @ Memorial Glade
MEETUP POSTPONED BY 1 WEEK. It is now Saturday, September 5th, 1pm @ Memorial Glade
Why UC Berkeley is Amazing (Satire)
How did you all feel about that Econ 100A midterm?
Daiso Frying Pan: Worth it?
Thoughts on MCB 32 MT?
How panicked should I feel over this recent 100A midterm?
How to get help with some leetcode questions?
Thinking of changing from math major
Health Survey
in need of models for quick, unformal shoot. (i am providing the clothes)
Aussie Girl Exchange and Uni Life
IMPEACHMENT PARTY
Data 8 tutor needed. Will pay
Fun/silly traditions of Cal
where to buy scantron sheets on campus?
Lost AirPods at Moffit
Is a Boosted Board worth it? Anyone out there selling one? 🤔
Anybody going to vampire weekend
Can Visiting Students join clubs?
Hello, I have a few questions about having visitors
\\Pres. Trump backs int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNY\Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Portug 27
PSA: The Hearst Museum Gallery has the best air conditioning on campus
Thank god we are a BART station away.
Tickets are now on sale for the Oakland Comedy Festival 2019!
Dance Team
Just got this email from retirement fund? What is this?
In East Bay, even Amazon deliverers steal packages...
How difficult is this semester's project 0 relative to other 61b Hilfinger projects?
waitlist question
PSA: 2 Free Football Tickets to Cal vs. ASU for Blood Donation!!
So-Cal Mexican Food... Please help....
Ethnic Studies 21AC
Lets crack the code bois
PSA: 2 Free Football Tickets for Blood Donation
any chemE transfers students?
What's that clicking sound in OCHEM 12A?
What was that blood curdling scream in Moffitt?
Found glasses in front of hearst annex
dinner/lunch buddies?
Hardest class to concentrate?
ASUC Senators Recruiting?
Electric scooters
Bearwalk
Where in Soda can I print?
Mystery note in bathroom
Submitting incomplete CS 61B project
What are you doing for Halloween?
Where in berkeley could I only get change in quarters?
Individual Student Guest Tickets for football?
Good places to use flex points (besides croads peet’s)?
Masters program to do in Computer Science/Data Science?
Potential withdrawal for medical reasons?
[#22] Prepared for another season of midterms, and Brexit? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
second year at berkeley and ive never felt this lost
MATH 54 proofs
[The Parousia] Chancellor Christ is doing her second AMA in our subreddit! Here are the rules and guidelines I'm enacting in order to ensure a successful AMA.
I am UC Berkeley Chancellor Carol Christ. Ask me anything!
Business Insider wants to know what a day in the life of a Berkeley student is like
Free diploma!
Who’s is this?
Where is UCSD getting all this money to build a lot of housing and build new buildings? Berkeley needs a lot of housing and upgrades too.
Anyone down to work on CS70 together?
UC Berkeley launches climate research institute with Chinese officials, former CA governor Jerry Brown
61b proj0
NutriSci midterm
What actually happens to the stack of resumes that recruiters receive at career fairs? Can any recruiters give insight?
Fart
Psych 1 midterm
FMK: Stanford, USC and UCLA ?
Berkeley Talks: Admissions director Femi Ogundele on what makes a Berkeley student
Berkeley’s student-led climate strike: ‘Let’s demand climate action’
people of NYC in Berkeley
Trump’s new national security adviser is Bay Area native, UC Berkeley Law alum
MCB 102 MT
Accessing library databases as an Alumni
Math 10A midterm
Place to ship packages for offcampus
Moving furniture
yes i recorded this in the way no one likes but only because i wanted to share w my mom...but hope your monday is better after seeing 5 of these babies 🥺🥰
Yo, new bears and old: what are (or what were) your aspirations for your time at Cal? What are/were you hoping to find/do/see?
Stat Major Transfer
a doe outside doe library
A Son’s Race to Give His Dying Father Artificial Immortality
FMK: Stanford, USC, and UCLA
How many all nighters have you pulled during your time at cal?
PSA: Don't Cheer When Our Football Team is on Offense
When is the spring 2020 schedule being released?
1:40 EPD445 meme guy shouts out Berkeley
I feel like no one gives a shit abt me
Commuting to Campus by Motorcycle vs Car
CS 61B and CS 170 concurrently?
Anyone have the Textbook PDF for Psych 1?
CS W186 project
Pouring Buckets of Water on Random People Around Berkeley Video
hello where do I get ecstasy around here
Drugs and the Brain (MCB C62) - percentage required to pass
Rolling loud tickets for sale
Free HBO for students living in the Units!
best parties for getting laid
Drugs and the Brain Midterm Study Guide
OCF Printing
Does anyone else here feel like no one goes to college to learn? Instead people go here to demonstrate how smart they are.
Big Game tickets as an alumni?
Anyone in IB35AC with Prof. Hlusko?
Cal Football moves up to #15 ranked in the country!
Does GPA matter for CS?
Physics 105 Orenstein
A reminder: This Week's home game against Arizona State is on Friday night, at 7:30pm.
We need to be at Memorial next Friday
After UCLA beats Washington State 67-63, Cal is now the only remaining undefeated team in the Pac-12
Anyone in Unit 1 (preferably Cheney) have a ps4 or an Xbox to play fortnite on? I miss playing lol Hmu
Best sideline view of end of game
Ole Miss questions Pac-12 refs after bizarre finish
I was going to join the new Minecraft server but.....
Keeping my skateboard in rsf?
Clog Report: UC Berkeley allows caterpillars to enroll in classes
to the girl who turned me down yesterday
Elitism within the CS Major
Summer 2019 Graduates: any indication on Calcentral that you have officially graduated?
ugba 88
Can we read our admissions officers' comments?
Good talk by cal grad on starting a successful business after graduation
Is Evan Weaver related to Nicholas Weaver?
Are grad students protected by labor laws?
[MEETUP] Official /r/berkeley meetup next Saturday, 9/28, 1pm to 3pm on Memorial Glade
CS61A Grade bin
CS life problems
20 Public Schools With Low Acceptance Rates, UC Berkeley 2nd Lowest (2018)
https://www.usnews.com/education/best-colleges/articles/2019-09-19/20-public-schools-with-low-acceptance-rates
USPS bent my diploma, how do I get it replaced?
Llama Explains UC Berkeley
[Post Game Thread] California defeat Ole Miss, 28-20
Cal Bears defeat Ole Miss Rebels 28-20
Chase motherfucking Garbers
English major advice
Two masked men in ski masks accost student on campus, turns out it was possible frat prank.
Cal vs. Arizona ticket for $12
Godbless Garbers
Recommendations for study spots a bit further away from campus?
Statistics Undergraduate Student Association (SUSA/SAAS) vs. Data Science Society (DSS)
I've had this minecraft server up for a day and there's already no escape
We're being given a warm welcome in Mississippi :)
Anyone have insight regarding coverage through UC Berkeley's Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) underwritten by Wellfleet Insurance Company for psychiatric–mental illness residential level care and/or substance use inpatient level treatment?
Commuting into Berkeley from Walnut Creek?
any co-op parties/frat parties without bids this weekend??
help meee! cs61b tutor
mcb32l jupyter help
Would anyone want to start a fighting game club here at Berkeley?
college...make me want BF or GF ...where is BF or GF??!!?
Can I switch my dorm second semester as a freshman?
Am I allowed to shoot squirrels in my backyard? What's the punishment if I do?
Physics majors, wya now?
Anything to do tonight in Berkeley
Anyone down to take some photos in SF tomorrow?
Lost keys :((
No time to clap them alien cheeks
Clubs that sponsor/pay for Maker Passes?
Is there a club like Amig@s for socializing but in English?
UC Berkeley Minecraft Server Grand Opening
I am the sign holder. Cal vegans hmu!!!!!
If you have the flu...
The State Capitol Almost Moved to Berkeley and All It Got Was This Sweet Bear Fountain
Transferring as someone who got in the first go-round
Woke up late and started running to Area 51....
That helicopter is so loud Jesus christ
where to get dirt
And he’s wearing a Cal hoodie
Can I still drop a class?
UC Berkeley student charged with stalking 2 students, other felonies
Possible phishing email?
Anywhere
Go bears
chem 1a
5 YEAR OLD KINDERGARTENER NEEDS BONE MARROW DONOR! Please come by for a cheek swab to see if you're a match!! This Saturday from 12-3:00pm at Marin Elementary in Albany. You may very well end up saving a 5 year old's life!
Is it too late to switch discussion sections?
UCI Minecraft Raid
Do you have to remember all the lecture exams in Bio 1B?
disabling captive portal
wireless routers in dorms
Stand Up Comedy Show Thursday, September 26th 7pm at Legionnaire Saloon!
What’s your biggest frustration about CalDining?
Upper div engineer who always wanted to take 61B — is it too late for me?
Nicholas???
STORM AREA 51B.
Question about an Incomplete Sequence for Transfer
Looking for group at berkeley to play Texas Hold'em
Clubs/Orgs Still Recruiting?
Im so lost in cs70
Didnt decide to drop 61a
Phone Repair needed
how hard to get into calhacks?
Kappa Kappa Gamma Recruitment Video!
Anyone looking for a once a week, 3-4 hour gig?
Minecraft lan on campus wifi?
UC Berkeley students demand tech giant Palantir drop contracts with ICE
UC Berkeley student charged with sexual assaults ordered to stand trial
Anyone storming area 51?
Decal
anyone want ajr tickets for 9/28?
Skateboarders
Does the rigor of CS61a tests get harder over time or will MT2 and the final be just as hard as MT1
Venus Restaurant Omelette
Still on the waitlist
Anyone else got rejected from every club they applied to, or is it just me?
Econ 100A or 101A &amp; Econ 100B or 101B?? (transfer student)
Before and after MT1
Anyone eaten at this cafe, how would you rate the food and ambience?
CSM vs CS370 tutors?
Attempting to drop class
Saw a deer run past me earlier
just got leaked from nintendo
Am I the only one who sees a WWPD question in CS61A and imagines a crazed DeNero yelling at some innocent student asking what a man named Python would do
Environmental Science Program Questions
Cesar Chavez Drop-Ins
Anyone from Newton Lecture Series this sem?
Best way to check data 8 homework?
Cal's Savannah Rennie returns from liver transplant, cancer to star on volleyball court
UC wide news
Math 55 textbook
I need a campus gym
Why is there no In N Out up here?
Should I drop CS61A?
Should I drop 61a?
Do I need to add another class? Help
Poli Sci 179 Fall 2019
I had an interview at the career center and don’t get their info afterwards. Should I still send a thank you email?
Not Your Typical Dropping 61A Thread
Former UC Berkeley student faces 7 felony charges in court, proceedings begin
I got a 17/40 on CS61a and need advice
Just wondering if there is a class for this topic
61b project 0 working together
Oh look another person asking if they should drop 61a!
61A drop?
South Indian dance group
What food delivery service do you guys use the most?
How was the chem midterm
Recommendations? Late night basketball courts around Berkeley? With lights of course!
UC President Janet Napolitano to step down.
drop Cs61a??
Graduate Pathways to STEM conference 2019
Who is dropping CS61A?
Board Game Designers Event - 9/22
College of Chem a wise decision?
I got 19 on the CS61A midterm, should I drop the class?
When should I expect the sucker punch to come
FoodieLand Night Market
ummmmmmmmmmm it’s already raining nicely????
Who is going to one of the Alienstock festivals?
When Daddy and Mommy see my midterm grades
61a midterm grade
CS61A/EE16A Study
The MaxDiff Fan Perceptions Poll Before Week 4: A new, but familiar number 1.
What's the highest salary (and total comp) you've heard of a grad getting?
Process of getting a cs internship this summer.
Adding a 1 unit course in the 4th week of the semester
looking to borrow a guitar
Can we have a 61a mega-post please, freshman invading my main page
Nutritional Science (NST 10) Help
Need Advice! Consulting Club Update and Concern
Commuting from SF vs renting near school?
How does triple majoring work?
Any cool decals I could easily automatically join? Im thinking of dropping a class before the deadline.
Still possible to join engineering clubs?
Good Morning
Theater Club?
Media Studies at UC Berkeley
Advanced CAD classes after E26?
UC Divests from Fossil Fuels!
Ticket for The Great Wave [9/18]
When do 61a midterm scores come out?
Search Tool that can look up terms in EECS pages, StackOverflow, GitHub, Language Documentation and More! Useful for CS/EECS majors!
Chances of getting in? plzzzz :)
Attending Decals w/o being enrolled
Berkeley next for decriminalization ?
Tip for people struggling with 61a / 61 betc
New UCLA parent charged in admissions scam, linked to $400K bribe.
Anyone know where to find foosball tables on campus?
Music 26AC
CS61A lab today?
Anybody willing to read/critique the essays of a prospective cogsci transfer student?
I know the international school climate strikes are taking place all next week starting Sept. 20th, is there one taking place in Berkeley?
Anyone else find CS189 this semester fristrating?
Downsides to P/NP?
why does everyone call denero daddy?
Berkeley communist community.
ladies, how are yall finding fwb’s at Cal?
Did not write GSI's name on 61A midterm
anyone else feeling super frustrated and/or hating 61b already?
How are people's experiences with Tang Center services?
Poor kiwibot
What did you think of the CS 61A midterm?
Microwave / Hot Water on Campus?
What happens if you add a course late?
Should I drop Math 54?
Cries in 61A
When do CS61a midterm scores come out?
John DeNero appreciation post
CS61a discussion thread:
Dating Apps
Time to drop out of CS lmao
CS 61A Q4 part c
MCB 102 Biochemistry - who here is taking it?!
MCB 102
Stay...
Everybody pray for oski
Long shot but... I lost my wallet. I only had like $1.00 in there but I also had this photo card in there. If you happened to find a light tan wallet ... please give me him (Jeno) back... you can keep my debit card and that one dollar but PLEASE I want my son back 🥺
Extra water bottle?
Econ 100B -- kinda lost?
I can't fail you unless I come closer
Really like CS but suck at it
Data Science or Applied Math major?
Calculus w/ Applications - 11th Edition (blue cover)
Astron c10 Hw
Main Stacks Sex
I keep sleeping while I'm trying to have sex
Why can’t my computer connect to airbears2 or eduroam anymore? My phone is able to connect to airbears2 but my computer just can’t anymore? Any advice on getting WiFi back?
Wood Room?
Daddy Why?
Help! 3D Printing
Astron c10 Hw
having trouble understanding what cs61a midterm problems are asking me to do
I keep having sex while I'm trying to sleep
Any courses here that teach Arduino?
Good luck on midterms
Good luck on the midterm fellow 61A nerds
Oh shit I don’t have a plan B
why are there so many turkeys on campus?
CS 61A midterm/final scores
Gretzky - Heart 💖 of the Bity
Speech at the Sather Gate
YEETING YEEZY'S
Data Collection! Please help!
Anyone else ready to die tomorrow for CS?
CAL FOOTBALL RANKED #23 IN THE NATION!
Free Condoms?
CS Major: New Laptop vs New Desktop
Where to find Bio 1B practice midterms?
Weird question, but where can you weigh yourself?
Hist C184D / STS C104, Human Contexts and Ethics of Data
Roomate keeps jerking off while im trying to sleep
Do you need to read the textbook for MCB C62: “Drugs and the Brain”?
Club Rejections
Skateboarding on the sidewalks
Help
61B Hillfinger or Hug
CLUB RECOMMENDATIONS
Stop making fun of the dorms
Struggling to find my major and minor specific requirements.
California state lawmakers pass bill requiring public universities to offer abortion pill on campus
What do I do when a club I was accepted into has a mandatory meeting the same time I have a midterm?
TO PEOPLE WHO SQUAT AT RSF...
Cal Football is ranked #23 in the country! Go Bears!!!
cs162 vs 169 for SWE experience?
Your Pac-12 Kings of the North for the past two weeks.
pros and cons of berkeley
How do Intramural Sports work here at Berkeley?
Econ question help. Probably a long shot, but any help would be appreciated.
Where to buy opiates/opioids Berkeley?
Who's holed up in their rooms studying rn?
Any 1 unit courses or decals still open?
Havent watched/gone to a single data8 lecture
Berkeley won, Stanfurd lost, USC lost. GO BEARS!
CS 61A Midterm Cheat Sheet?
Cal Bears defeat UNT Mean Greans 23-17 to bring their winning streak to 3-0. GO BEARS!!!
Cal Defeats North Texas 23-17
best boba/bubble tea??
Beware the pants-less man
Library Audiobooks
I bought extra charging cables - selling them
#TerkeleyBerkeley
How to pay class late drop fee?
The best food in the Bay Area? Crossroads 🤔🤔
Cal Student Athletes
Waitlisted students offer to pay classmates to drop courses
What is the grading cap in UCB?
\\Pres Trump backs Int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe. Pelosi rec'd $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNY-Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Club Apps?
Appeal decisions
How to Succeed in URAP?
STAT 88 Study Group
Upper divison unit requirements for data science
Good professor for Math 54?
Easy $20
what is your opinion on phi sigma rho?
Any sophomores here taking both CS61C and EE16A by chance?
Social D/Flogging Molly at Greek Theatre
I guess
Cs70 csm mentors you like?
Found a piece of lint (or some weird fur looking thing) in my food at Foothill dining... absolutely disgusting
are soda labs open all throughout the night?
What is the policy for tattooing an answer or formula on your body?
Low workload Art breadth that’s still open?
research thoughts
Almost got mugged by a squirrel today at McCone Hall
Roomate keeps having sex while im trying to sleep
LOR or Naw
How is therapy at Tang?
A good therapist in Berkeley?
dance club auditions??? or nah
Oh god Oh fuck he's coming
Thinking about getting NFL Sunday Ticket with my roommates. Has anyone tried it out?
Any insight on ESP 80?
Any must take upper division EECS courses before graduating?
I am seeking advice from former CCC to UCBerkeley transfer students.
To all the other 61A students who haplessly waited 10 minutes in the wrong room only to be in the wrong class
Selling ticket for game this Saturday Cal vs. North Texas
Squirrels, amirite?
Poli Sci Upper Div Class Enrollment
The Illumination of Fulvia Ferrari
Ladies, you walk into his room and see this. What do you do? 🐻
Shop Columbia Sportswear Employee Store invite link for Cal students
Has anyone taken Stat 89A? Is taking 54 better? (intended data science)
I just enrolled in my URAP, but I forgot to change it from one to two units. If I drop the class can I re-ad it using the same permission number with the correct amount of units? Or will I not be able to add it again with the same permission number?
EECS internship fair 2019 employers
Stay safe
Deciding on an engineering club
Best way to go visit Davis for a day trip?
\\Pres. Trump backs Int'l Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe Pelosi paid $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include - 0bama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Dorsey, Theil, BMurray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNY-Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here
Partying with Tourists/Visitors
Econ 100A; Dan Acland
how to get an internship as a freshman
Did anyone apply for Facebook and/or Google during junior year after failing their interviews sophomore year?
Moving up in the rankings #winning
I’m probably going to get mugged by a squirrel one of these days
Anyone know where reliable bus time tables are?
iclickers
Anime Music
Advice on deciding between Media Studies and Film &amp; Media at Berkeley L&amp;S
How do you get laid here if you are not attractive?
Failing a class and taking it over the summer?
how important is textbook reading for ling 100
Co-op Apartments
Today I learned that Seth McFarlane teaches at this glorious school
Y'all notice that there are just more students everywhere ?
Is Math 53 this hard
Grade A pun
Cheap bakery items?
clubbos
Math 53 and Math 55 in the same semester?
Archery Decal
Cal -14 (-110) this weekend?
Revised Periodic Table of the Elements
My crayfish died
UC Berkeley student arrested for alleged peeping in residence hall showers
Cal TE McCallan Castles to transfer.
Never seriously been to the RSF to exercise. How do I even start?
Um does Cal have a vegan club?
Question about parking in RPP zones
web design decal
Stat 20
Which Hair Salon do you go to?
Maintaining academic performance post breakup
Casual Racism
Chem 4a midterm
MCB 102 Disc Quizzes
DM me for a MCC pass
Open Lectures?
BCEC CLUB
Reading Tips for Non-native English Speakers?
Waitlist; Open Reserve Seats; ECON 100B
Struggles of student homelessness amplified by UC Berkeley's inaction
What the hell eecs16a/ee16a
Skipping CS61a labs/discussions
SHIP fee
The best way to get organized for coursework
For people who care, Cal ranked 13th in the world by Times Higher Education 2020. Stanford 4th, UCLA 17th.
I'm so tired of this shit
Berkeley Patients Group, Nation’s Oldest Dispensary, Celebrates 20 Years with $1MM for Good Campaign
Class says open seats but people on waitlist?
Flags next to Memorial Glade for 9-11. Never Forget.
Berkeley Extension English Classes
People who don’t wash their hands after using the bathroom... why?
People who don’t wash their hands after using the bathroom... why?
Selling Tash Sultana ticket
Bad toilet paper
Which barber shop do you usually go to?
Getting Units for Research
How is triple room in Wada apartment?
[IRL Lecture, UC Berkeley] Professor Bullsh*t can track Windows by activating the same copy of windows
Got to see Adam Savage interview Randall Munroe (author of xkcd) at Berkeley today! Randall stayed behind afterwards and signed everybody's books.
Is there any history club/historical society on campus?
[PSA] Please be wary of flu season!
does anyone have experience with data science society (DSS)?
are there any gas stations / convenience stores open late in berkeley?
Classic 10A
EECS Internship Fair this Thursday, any tips for Freshman?
Would you sign a petition for the RSF to cancel classes in the side room until the crowd reduces?
Economics 100A Midterms: Professor Acland
Consulting Resumes
Applying to clubs
Talaska easier than Canic for Math 53?
can someone get me a juul
Anyone has done Ulab before?
Do my spring classes transfer to Berkeley?
When does a course show as withdraw?
Taking a 300 course to TA
Explosion at Hildebrand Hall?
espm 6 microcosm
Unofficial transcripts cost money now?
Gay Hookup
How are the volleyball open gyms at the RSF?
GET PAID to be an activist!! Visit @Berkeley.GCI on Twitter/Facebook to learn more.
Can I take Chem 4A and 12A concurrently?
Can you retake a course if the topic is different?
\\Trump backing intl Soros child rape ring for $4billion bribe, Pelosi paid $3b 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include 0bama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Thiel, Dorsey, Bill Murray. 60+ deaths from rapes in BuffaloNYJan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Which one of y'all is Haas19
Lost Driver's License "Erik Steve Ramirez"
(Hopeful) Berkeley Transfer Student
how do I approach a technical interview with FB when I’m in the middle of cs61b
finding housing after dorm life
Can we protest Caldining so they can improve their quality?
Waiting for URAP results
is mcb only pre-med?
UCLA, UC Berkeley top publics in U.S. News national rankings. Go Bears!
RSF basketball courts: Best place/time for completely beginners
Project clubs for MechE
Invention Corps?
Supporting the Homeless
Missing dog near Hearst &amp; Spruce! She ran off in the direction towards campus! Only 8 months and she needs her parvo shots!
Can you Pass/No pass some prerequisites for the Physics Minor requirement
Hotty Toddy Cal bros
Any small, close knit clubs?
The Jacks are supporting The Shelters at Cornerstone tomorrow night! Rock legends in the making
Anyone trying to pick up skating?
How to drop past early drop deadline?
How do I ship things to my dorm room?
When do the majority of EECS/CS students get their first internship?
anyone else have no idea what’s happening in astroc10
DO YOU LIKE HORSE-- I MEAN HOUSE MUSIC? 🐎
Winter Break? Help?
Resume Hard Copies for EECS Internship Fair
Please wear face masks if you're sick
CNR or L&amp;S? (Prospective Transfer needing help deciding)
How do you find a good gsi?
Getting into Moffit without an ID?
Quesadillas at GBC are getting smaller by the year
BEACN vs. Net Impact
How do write ups work in the dorms? Recently a couple of friends got notification letters of Informal Conduct (warning) What is the process? How many warnings? Can you appeal? Thanks
I need to borrow something to cut a bike chain
Has anyone taken integbi 77A for an easy 1 unit? How is it?
\\Trump backs Soros child rape ring for $4 billion bribe, Pelosi paid $3 bil 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include 0bama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DiBlasio, Thiel, Dorsey, Bill Murray. 60+ deaths from therapes in Buffalo,NY Jan2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Free color printing on campus?
US Department of Education opens Title IX investigation into UC Berkeley 'Girls in Engineering' program
Spring transfers: were you guys able to land a summer internship after junior year?
**Missing dog** her name is Avery last seen yesterday evening in Joaquin Miller Park.Lost on the Chaparrall/Sunset Loop trail she was chased downhill by mountain bikers. but could be anywhere in the park.reward if found! please help
Been 3 weeks how you fellow bears doing
Is Oski a furry?
Theatre clubs at UC Berkeley
Berkeley High Questions
How is Foster Tom as Math 1A GSI?
Club Rejections + Case Interview Advice
espm 6 tracks
When you can taste that win
UC Berkeley ranked #2 Public University by US News
Where can I find practice material for CS61a midterms beside the previous exams.
Might be pregnant
Can You Really Transfer To L&amp;S as an Easier Intended Major and Switch to CS?
Do any tech clubs still have applications open?
If anyone cares, US News posted their 2020 rankings and UC Berkeley is tied #22 with USC, UCLA is #20 Nationally. Says it’s the #2 Public school.
How hard is it to get into L&amp;S (sociology)
A sorority for a quiet nerdy girl?
Lowkey a capella groups
How to make friends as a junior
what’s with all the bikes?
Making new friends at Berkeley
What is the process of joining Ski and Board Club here?
Found under my floormate’s bed
Follow up on the minecraft thing
When you were raised in Berkeley but your mom is husky 🏈🐻🐺
Nuanced article on why students and Berkeley should oppose fascism from Daily Cal.
Do you want a CRT TV for Melee at 60fps? Message me, priced at $70 but flexible.
Barter with Me! Today's Special: Fully Stamped U-Cha Stamp Card
Question on Integrative Biology Major
when u guys have reading, do you guys take notes on it, just read it, or don’t read it? in high school i would take notes on my readings, but here it seems too extra
Any life hacks at Cal?
Bummed about club interview
Put this in a museum
Math 16B Late Add
Cal defeats #14 Washington 20-19. Go Bears!
Does anyone have that screenshot of the CS70 Piazza where the guy missed his exam or something and everyone typed F
How does one go about looking for internships?
The storm has passed!
Easiest English classes?
For people who’ve injured their feet / legs: how did you navigate campus?
Parking Citation Dispute Success Stories?
Lightning delay @ Husky Stadium
Places on campus to check weight?
Music Producing
Electric skateboard helmet required?
What are chances of getting in?
can we take classes at bcc/other community colleges during the academic year?
Disputing Parking Ticket Success Rate/Stories?
Issue navigating around school as a new student
Club Rejections
Anyone cal students that chose cal over Stanford here? What was your reasoning?
Adding/dropping classes today?
Does Chipotle take Flex Dollars? 🤔
Has anyone had their Ethernet Port activated in their dorm yet?
Keshi concert 9/11
Dorm Shenanigans
Dining Hall
How to survive a three hour lecture?
Is it redundant to take both data 8 and cs10 in the same semester?
Economics and Data Science double major
Does anyone actually get official portraits and/or a yearbook?
Cheating, Inc.: How Writing Papers for American College Students Has Become a Lucrative Profession Overseas
Berkeley is making me bisexual
Meditation spot/ quiet spots on campus
History 124 A
30-year old transfer dating 18-year old freshman
Comment below if you want to be in a reddit chat for when you feel like shit for eating alone at lunch/being rejected by a campus team/ getting rejected by a potential friend/ feeling lonely or ANYTHING else because we’re all in this together
CS 189 - "iNtRo" to ML?
Anyone have experience with Kink Club?
Meet with Chancellor Christ during fall office hours - signups now open!
Is there any way I can get my half of the deposit back?
Selling my cafeteria meal swipes.
CS61a Hog Project Partner?
When google maps sends you a wholesome message on your way home✨ I too wish you beautiful bears a great weekend! 🌸🌸🌸
New Dorm Construction / Brazil Cafe ('The Shack') Will Relocate
Has anyone successfully argued for class to change its unit weight?
How to hook up to the ethernet in Soda?
berkeley bart station
As a fellow guy, if you are using a gender neutral restroom or any toilet...
What are some casual ways to meet a lot of new people? (Senior)
Minecraft LAN Party
When the 2nd week of school is just about over and I'm still eating lunch alone and haven't met the loml yet..
Premed Advice?
Tru dat
Did anyone else got an email saying they didn’t go to Bear Pact even though you went to it?
Removed Post on Piazza
When should I get my flight to come back for second semester? January 14th or the 21th?
Is everyone here at Cal catching a cold or what
\\Trump backing Soros child rape ring for $4 billion bribe, Pelosi $3 bil 'to ensure safe passage over border'. Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Thiel, Dorsey, Bill Murray. 60+ deaths from rapes in Buffalo,NY Jan:2019, $15+billion in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Will CS88 prepare me enough for CS61B or should I take CS61A (currently enrolled)? Data Science major (completed Data 8)
Anyone know how to unsubscribe from department emails
Lost MacBook Charger in Latimer 121
Textbook for Anthropology 2AC
Berkeley is making me asexual
Best salad combinations to make at crossroads? 🤔
Classics 10a
Help majoring in business administration
berkeley freshman meme
Astro C10 reader for sale
To the girls arguing obnoxiously loud at Cafe Strada...
parking.
Calculus w/ Applications - 11th Edition (Yellow cover not blue)
Which class is harder, CS70 or Stat154
Study spaces in CS/Engineering Buildings?
Police: Teen robber arrested after getaway vehicle abandons him (video)
Test drive a moped?
Good places on campus to absolutely shit your pants?
Chemistry 3B GSI's + How Undergrads Are Treated Here
What to do when someone tries to hand you a flyer
UC Berkeley ranked #4 Public University 😡😡
EPS 7 Password??
Is Berkeley OOS Really Worth It?
Should I fulfill my GE credits at a local community college or at UC Berkeley?
Blue and Gold? (Yearbook)
How many clubs should I join?
Looking for a Photographer!
How do I make friends at Berkeley
$25,000 Cash Prize Data Science Competition at UC Berkeley!
What do you think the chances that the Data Science Minor will be available next semester?
Quiet place to eat lunch indoors?
I'm a junior, is it worth my time to apply to consulting clubs?
\\Trump backed Soros child rape ring for $4 billion bribe Pelosi $3b "to ensure safe passage over border". Rapist include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Theil, Dorsey, Bill Murray: Over 60 deaths from rapes in Buffalo/Jan2019, billions in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
When should I start looking for an apartment for fall 2020
Looking for Trip Therapist
List of free food/stuff one can get on birthday? (Today)
What are some late night studying locations where I can bring a friend who doesn’t have a Cal 1 Card?
Anyone looking to rent an apartment together for 1600 each a month
Stayed in Berkeley this summer. Realized that Green Day is from Berkeley/Oakland. Had no idea...haha. Started listening to them a lot during this summer anyway. Even made a cover of their song 21 Guns:
Physics 111B
Battery Monitoring Solutions in Singapore
Singing lessons at Cal?
Digital Pressure Gauge
Math 53 Quizzes and Exams won't have scary things like this on it, right?
If I sign up to stay on the housing waitlist and get a new house, will I be forced to transfer to the new house?
CS 162 and CS 164 same sem?
Stayed in Berkeley this whole summer. Realized when I was there that Green Day is from Berkeley/Oakland. Had no idea... Started listening to them a lot after that thought. Eventually did this: Here is Green Day - 21 Guns
Is this what college is like
Taking 27 units
Popular (or unpopular) club and activities to check out tomorrow at Calapalooza?
Daily Drop In Volunteer Opportunities
Yearbook?
UC Berkeley ranked #3 Public University in the U.S., UCLA #1
Applying to more than 1 club
Kiwi bot
Are optional coffee chats for clubs useful?
Need players for intramural flag football
Before there was the Hearst Greek Theater, a makeshift auditorium was built at the top of campus (1890s)
Wyoming, Cal scheduled Home-Home for ‘28 &amp; ‘29
This might be a dumbass question but...
Math 16A (Professor Slaman) Discussion Section 105 - 11am-12:30pm
Wholesome engineering library is wholesome
ESPM 6 Microcosm Project
For someone with SA like me, this gave me a panic attack..
Do you guys think CS 161 could get approved as part of the CS cluster for Math?
ESPM 6
Want to join a club this semester? Join Berkeley Economic Review! We have a wide variety of positions open (from layout design to staff writers)
Has anyone ever noticed that the tile floor outside of Wheeler 150 acts like a Stereogram?
Temporary Renting from October-December?
What are your best Haas memes?
IM Softball in Berkeley
Opinion on kick scooters?
does anyone know what those sirens right after 12pm were for?
Socio-150, worth it?
PSA: CamScanner Found to have Malicious Code / Malware on phones. Removed from Google Play Store UnInstall immediately!!
CS 61B + EE 16B + CS70
good hair salons near campus?
How to live your life and why getting an education is important? Great David Foster Wallace speech [x-post from /bestof]
Just a little help from any undergrad-active student
Any Berkeley law students here?
SCAM Artist Loose in Albany
CS61A + EE16A + CS70?
music producer looking for collabs
WE'RE BEING SAVED
Intramural Volleyball?
I used to think the kiwi bots were cool. Little did I know
Anyone looking to play some forty during free time?
Advice for Recruitment Season + How To Mentally Prep For Rejection
Is Alexander Paulin’s math 1A hw due tomorrow? Or is it due on Friday 🤔?
Any consulting clubs for seniors
Does anyone know how long it takes for the ethernet request?
For those that live near the Channing and Piedmont round-a-bout.
Anyone down to join an IM soccer team?
anybody got a pdf of the math 53 book?
Is there any car club or meet on campus?
How to Get Into "X" Business Club: FAQ &amp; Insights
Should I AI for both Data8 and CS61A
Anyone planning on trying out for Cal Boxing? What are tryouts like?
Good clubs to join?
Made a Calendar for Drugs and the Brain with Presti
POL SCI 179??
Math 53 UCB PDF
Anyone have pictures of the Japanese 1A textbook?
What's a Berkeley Pro Tip?
So, so tired of school
Good afternoon fellow golden bears!💛 I hope you had a lovely, relaxing weekend🌸 While you’re walking on this beautiful campus, remember to look up and enjoy the beauties of the sky✨✨✨ Take a moment to yourself, take a deep breath, and enjoy life🌷
Way to bypass the Math 54 requirement
HIS 4A waitinglist
Anyone here fulfill their language requirement through an online community college course or something?
Finite Element Classes Question
When people say go to discussion do they mean GSI or professor?
ESPM50AC Difficulty
Where to Park my car
When do adjunct classes start?
Math 1A textbook
Theater 25AC Experiences?
\\Soros child rape ring backed by Trump for $4 billion bribe Pelosi $3b re: "ensure safe passage over border". Rapist include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgeig, DeBlasio, Theil, Dorsey, Bill Murray. Over 60 deaths from rapes in Buffalo Jan\'19, billions in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Anthropology 2AC or History 130 for Historical Sciences Breadth
Math 1A
Catering
Taking Math 54 before 1B
Adding a class after a hw deadline?
Did anyone take Anthro C12AC? Doesn't show up on Berkeleytime and can't find much info on it.
EE 16A Lab Times
How much trig identities do you need to know for Math 53?
Any Data Science and Computer Science Double Majors? Is it even possible under the Berkeley double majoring rules?
Where to get essay review + help
UC Berkeley chooses 2 companies to develop People’s Park
Consulting clubs? UpSync, VSS, BC?
What happens if you miss your first two discussions for CS61A?
Unit 2 davidson got a guy peeing in the trash can...
Chess decal
How exactly do I use Flex Dollars? Are they already available for use? I have the Blue plan that was included with housing.
Korean 1A workload
Anyone taking ASAMST 145AC?
Where can I buy a cart?
What do you do about snakes?
Cryptic Crosswords!!
Ibser Stat 20
Math 1A adjunct
Waived SHIP but still got the SHIP insurance card
anybody in the area want to meet up for some platonic hugging and hand holding? asking for myself.
Hey fuckers calm down
Consulting clubs acceptance rate?
Math 54 or Stat 89A for Data Science?
3 finals in one day
Is Pete’s by crossroads open today
anthro 157 readings question
Can anyone draw a relationship tree of the frats and the sororities?
BERKELEY POP-UP STORE EVENT (AMAZON GIFT CARDS)
So math 53 is a bit of a trip
Club Venmo
Italian 40
Can anyone tell me where I can buy the Cal baseball block C hat? The Cal student store only has it in small.
Dumb question: I want to join a Decal but I hard that some are hard to get into. Could I apply to multiple decals to have more options and, at the end, only choose one decal? Or am I automatically enrolled if I get accepted into a Decal?
ChemE/NucE Joint Major
anybody at cal who cuts hair?
How do you order food delivery to Blackwell?
On-campus housing recommendation for a transfer student?
Anthro 3AC readings
Double major as a transfer
Quick/cheap printing services? (Flyers)
Quarters for Laundry
Change in Stat Prereq for Econ Major?
Looking for cs friends for 170 and 161
Anyone into magic and cardistry?
Future Cal admit
What do you guys like to do when you’re homesick?
Anybody in Math 1A with Alexander Paulin know the weekend homework? He said it was going to be in the textbook.
How do the takeout boxes work at crossroads?
Swipes dining hall
Cool spots to visit around and on campus
E-boards to commute around campus
I need a pot for noodles
Applying to Consulting Clubsssssss 🐍 (Looking for advice!)
12 units during Adjustment Period?
Music clubs at Berkeley?
How’s south Asian r5a?
Winter Break Housing
PSA to those who play loud music in the suites
Physics 89 for Math 54
Calpalooza 2019
Those who went through financial aid verification last summer, what documents should you have on hand?
laptop theft
Does anyone have the pdf for calculus with applications 11th edition (not global edition)?
How should I tell my professor I'm going to miss her classes?
Ethernet In Dorms Update?
Are info sessions for consulting and business clubs usually business casual?
Shipping monitor to mail room
Where does everybody go on campus to watch away football games?
Any tips for Daniel Acland's Econ 100a class?
Does any kind soul have the Math 16B textbook?
Bear pact task on CalCentral
Humidifier recommendations
Any tips for Hank Ibser's Stats 20 class?
Am I screwed? (Submitting FAFSA now)
short term rental
Is it possible to p/np a community college course when transferring its credits over?
Unpaid CS internships as a freshman. Worth it or not?
Taking berkeley classes concurrently in the fall?
Should I go to parties?
I hate you airbears
Are all GSIs supposed to use berkeley time?
view from my dorm room :')
How much work is Biology 1B? What do you do in the lab?
Anyone have C. Zhang as a Math 1A GSI?
Chem 1AL waitlist chances
Do decals start in Berkeley time?
Bears Beat UC Davis 27-13
IKEA
Alert: Neo Nazis will be roaming Berkeley streets tomorrow (Sunday).
Any Kpop Recommendations?
Still waitlisted for one my classes. Should I add a class now? Any easy class I can add now?
Any home winemakers?
Stats tutors?
Experience with evicting a roommate?
Weekly non-sober scrabble?!
Where's chess club at?
Can you apply to a club and not join if you get in?
Where/with who do I register an academic advising appointment with if I'm undeclared?
Cars getting towed in College ave &amp; Bancroft
How does tailgating work at Berkeley?
These UCLA and UC Berkeley buildings may be unsafe in a big earthquake
How to view if all of your tranfer credit has been processed?
happy first gameday
Advice for Classes: CS70, Physics 7a, Econ 1
UDFA and Cal Grad Jordan Kunaszyk has made the Carolina Panthers 53 man roster.
Stat 134 solutions
Giveaway AutoCAD Book
Labs for cs classes
The Latimer Hall was always ugly
Alone on a friday :)
any Mitski listeners out there
Chemistry Google Drive
Do P/NP classes contribute toward the 13 units required for financial aid?
What is the UCB TKE fraternity like?
Anyone into standup comedy?
Chemistry 3B Quizzes
Alcohol intervention but make it Cal Bears
Did anyone else go to the MadeinTYO x Earthgang free welcome week concert?
Double majoring?
I made a CS 61a Google Calendar
Sociology R1B: First day of class? Enrollment advice?
What's a good sport/activity for uncoordinated fucks like myself to stay active?
an “engineering” school that cant even kern properly smh
Help with train fares...
BIO 1B
First Day At UC Berkeley: I got a Google Internship + What's In My Bag
Haas and IGETC
Anyone have the Math 1A textbook that could send me a couple of pics 😬?
Are the solutions to Stat 140 textbook's review sets posted anywhere online?
Less selective consulting clubs?
Pokemon Go on campus?
Anyone playing on a Minecraft Hamachi server?
Understanding the NST10 Syllabus
In need of haircut
\\Soros child rape ring protected by Trump for $4 billion bribe. Pelosi $3b to "ensure safe passage over border"\. Rapist include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Theil, Dorsey, Bill Murray. Over 60 deaths from rapes in buffalo jan\'19, billions in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Strong Arm Robbery at Clark Kerr Campus Last Night
advice for 61b with hilfinger
PSA to y’all in CS
Would the regular James Stewart Calculus book suffice for Math 53? And what is the difference between the regular book and the Berkeley edition?
Biology side of Berkeley, what are these and why are they everywhere near Dwinelle?
Physics 7A fir interest
UC Berkeley forges ahead with housing at People's Park, other sites
Webcasts
How difficult are foreign language classes?
Does anyone have pdfs of the Anthro 2AC textbook?
anyone into post rock?
Taekwondo: PE class vs. club?
For people who have taken Astron C10: did you ever have to write essays in class? what were the tests like—multiple choice, short answer, etc? Also, was the class manageable or did it have a lot of reading? Thank you :)
CS 189 or IEOR 142?
Help an alumni out?
Memorial Glade at sundown is beautiful
Chem 1A eTextbook
Any tip on Chem4A/4B?
How do Certificates show on our transcript/diploma?
Patiently waiting till Spring so I can start at Cal, but I'm enjoying visiting this pretty campus until then
PSA: For those that can't get into Facebook Groups w/ your Berkeley email...I found a way
Is it possible to save money on the UGBA 10 textbook and readers on the DL?
What’s going on with Physics 5C?
Dropping Class that I Requested to Swap
Uc berkeley extension -found a wallet
Any CS student want to meet up for lunch at crossroads tomorrow? I wanted to talk to more people in my major
Anyone want to come over and play cards tomorrow night? Unit 2 towle
Anyone trynna make music?
How do I (kindly) ask my roommate if she can wear deodorant? Would this be offensive to ask?
UC Davis v Berkeley game
Where to get free printing?
This is sad
How does being registered to a tribe benefit me mid school career?
ASE CS61A Tutor
Does Engineering Math and Stats major allow ee 16a to replace math 54
Poker at Berkeley - DeCal?
What should I expect in business club interviews?
petition to add these across campus pls
Anyone know how Open Recreation times work on Underhill/Maxwell/etc?
When will decals get back to me ?
Being an AI for two classes? (Data 8 and CS 61A)
any parties goin down at the co-ops this weekend?
Hey Berkeley, I'm the Founder of Slidechat (Cal '17) - Would Love To Hear Your Feedback!
Found key in wheeler 150 after Data 100 lecture at approx. 11am. PM if this is yours before I turn it in to UCPD tmw.
Silly question, but where can I get postcards?
What are ways to get involved in life at Cal besides joining a sorority?
Design major at Berkeley
EECS Student in Alameda
Creative Cloud Login issues
Who likes Paul Van Dyk music... asking for a friend
do you have to attend discussion sections?
CS61 and Data 8 in the same semester
Tonight tech yuppie Berkeley grad &amp; Google Engineer gets roasted in San Francisco
first day attendance
Best free video editing software for students
First AstroC10 lecture
SHIP insurance for braces?
Transferring community college coursework to UC Berkeley transcript
Where do you go rock climbing?
ME 185 with Casey - difficulty?
URGENT: CS 61A LAB 0 HELP
How come ESPM C22 has discussions with a lot of open seats but has a waitlists for those discussions?
Why is Berkeleytime redirecting the old site?
Sonic Internet Deals at Caltopia?
Has anyone taken/audited Music 161A or any music dept class?
imma sue A I R B E A R S 2
Anyone know where to find the required readings for Anthro 2AC?
Anyone else use CBD for anxiety and to help with sleep?
What happened?
Stop feeling sad and do something about it!
be on waitlist for 16a lab?
Chem 3AL
Question on URAP statement of interest.
unpopular opinion: evans is good
I think my housing was flipped - what should I do?
I accidentally signed up for an upperdiv class
Best Deal on AirPods for Berkeley Students
Best Deal on AirPods for Berkeley Students
Top 10 Cheap Eats in BERKELEY! Best Food Under $10 (Part 1)
how to deal w being alone
Evans Hall, Moffitt Library among multiple buildings on campus given "very poor" seismic rating
Nutri Sci 10 Textbook
Premed Advice?
Math 53 Textbook
PSA: Don't sign up for COLWRIT courses (R1B specifically) if you want a good grade
football game this week/frats
Anybody know where the 101 Life Sciences Addition is?
If I only take one class this semester will that count as one semester? as a transfer student will I be able to still have four semesters? I’m a transfer student
What are some easy econ electives?
Where to trip around berkeley?
hey does anyone have a pdf of the astro c10 textbook (5th edition, cosmos: astronomy in the new millennium, 2019)?
Math 10A Textbook
Last minute schedule check
Is there any la michoacánas or some equivalent to chicanx ice cream/ snacks nearby?
anyone wanna start a club for marijuana enthusiasts?
I hate this part of my life
Dwayne Johnson for commencement speaker
Events with food?
Survey for VR Porject
Taking two Stat classes at the same time
Where can I print papers on campus?
Petition for CS 70 to be engineering breadth in IEOR
Data8 Waitlist Chances
If you're in MCB 102 this semester and interested in joining a class group chat PM me
CalCentral's looking for feedback on the class enrollment experience
How are people being added to a closed class?
If I have unlimited meal swipes, can I swipe for a friend?
What day do meal plan points reset?
Graduating Seniors &amp; Seinfeld/Curb enthusiasts...
Lost Wallet 8/28
Can students from other units access the Amazon Locker at Unit 1?
Chem 1A Clicker Grades
Aaron Rodgers Donates New Locker Room To Cal Football Team
For those of you who just had Math 1A with Alexander Paulin, do we have Discussion later?
Would you rent/lease your stuff for cash to other students?
New discord server for LGBT+ Asians! Please Join!
Meal Swipes
Grades still not posted for summer session...?
\.\Soros child rape ring protected by Trump for $4 billion bribe, Pelosi $3b to "ensure safe passage over border". Rapists include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Theil, Dorsey, Bill Murray. Over 60+ deaths from rapes, billions in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Cal Alumni Leadership Award Scholarship Interview
Did you use your book much for MCB 102?
Dining hall staff should know specifics of dietary restrictions
Do I have to take Chem 3A and 3AL concurrently?
Anyone have the UC Berkeley custom edition of Lay, Nagle, Saff, Snider, Linear Algebra and Differential Equations (ISBN: 9781256873211) or know where I can get it?
Anyone have the Berkeley custom Linalg and Diffeq book or know where I can get it? (ISBN: 9781323720868)
Berkeley Restaurant Ippuku Given a Shout-Out in a Bon Appetit Video!
Berkeley Restaurant Given a Shout-Out in a Bon Appetit Video!
this might sound like a stupid question but should we attend sections today? (first day)
Good luck Bears on the new semester!
Does chipotle accept flex dollars?
CS100 vs CS70
Wat Mongkolratanaram: Every Sunday, this Thai temple in Berkeley serves a backyard brunch
Anybody in Berkeley have a house and want to do a Tool listening party?
Swedish melancholia folktronic
Is there a piazza for math 110 frenkel
Is it worth it as a freshmen to go to the EECS career fair? (and other fairs)
Where can i buy fruit around here? Haven’t had a single piece of fruit since i arrived..
For the freshman, how was GBO this year?
Intramural Flag Football
Getting a CS letter of recommendation
Rhetoric R1A reading
Does the HAAS undergrad program consider a NP in a non-prerequisite course as an F? Is it possible to not include your P/NP courses in the SELF-REPORTED ACADEMIC RECORD?
How to swap discussion class?
Join the Osu! @ Berkeley Discord! (join if you like rhythm games)
elitism and smugness and Berkeley
Alright, gained ~5kg of fat during GBO. Lets hope it lasts me the semester.
Cancel for Non-Payment Policy
How does signing up for RSF group classes work?
joining an adjunct
How many of y'all are alone in your dorm right now?
What “first day” advice do you have for freshmen and transfers?
Fight for California
In transfer discussion section for 61a as a first year student
Anyone know what Alpha Epsilon Zeta is like or if anyone is in it here? I have questions about it :)
Math 10A Textbook (Stankova)
Question about freezing period in SWE job searching?
CS student attending Consulting Forum?
Good restaurants to eat at?
Astron C10 waitlist question
Why does UCB Housing charge full August rent when we only move in til the end of August?
Course reader for R1A not yet available
Where to get bikes for on campus riding
My Experience With Caltopia (but late)
WWE
Withdrawing and financial aid?
Does anyone have a pdf/txtbk of Calculus with applications by LIAL 11th ed?
attendance/roll
Math16b or Data8 first semester?
Have intramural soccer team try outs passed already? I want to join a beginners soccer team this year
Ibser vs Stoyanov for STAT 20
Has anyone taken History 124a?
is anyone is history r1b 002??
What is the worst curve you've seen at Berkeley?
Playing for Cal Band/Learning an instrument
Any therapist/psychiatrist recommendations near cal?
Any Active Outdoor Basketball Courts?
Econ 131 Discussion
Didn’t take ugba and Econ first year - still has chance for Haas?
Stupid question but where on campus is this sign? I want to take a pic with it to send it to my grandparents.
Housing plans fell through. Need a place asap! Any advice? Thanks
I need a friend to study Cs61B with.
Golden Gate: Fuck this part of Berkeley in particular.
financial aid people are idiots
Best Stats Course for Declaring Econ
Anyone here drive for Uber/Lyft/Doordash?
recruitment orientation vs class
what the fuck is the alarm outside unit 1
Which engineering clubs will force me to practice engineering skills?
Pass/No Pass
anyone have the DUTCH171ac course reader they could share with me?
Im really interested in making beats. Are there any music clubs or classes I can take nearby?
CS 61C - two different lecture halls
Shooting a movie (need actors and an editor)
SELLING OAKLAND A’s TICKET FOR $40. i’m selling 1 voucher for a free Oakland As ticket. Valid for 1 field reserved ticket for 2019 regular season. Let me know if interested.
bro who the fuck bought all the knives
Do the Student Football/Basketball Combo Passes include away games?
Recruiting for Cybersecurity Startup
Addiction Support Groups?
Nutri Sci 10 - Intro to Human Nutrition Textbook
KFOG radio station going off the air
best way to buy 2 football tix for USC game?
billing question
Berkeley CS Internship for Junior or Senior
Feeling left out of my GBO group
does anyone know if there is some kind of club/intramural field hockey organization?
As an EECS major, what happens if I drop a technical course?
Statement of Interest Resources?
RESIDENCY STATUS
Writing Africa
Gourmet Ghetto
Good Caltopia giveaways or events for today?
Math10A/Chem1A Textbooks
Berkeley cross country/track club?
What are the best/cleanest bathrooms on campus?
Found this wedged between my seat cushions in a Martinez Commons study room a few days ago. I left it there...
Is anyone interested in Software Defined Radio / satellite communications?
Makerspace signups now open. 3d printers, laser cutters, etc.
AI for 61a?
How was caltopia for those who went yesterday?
Daytime meditation groups on campus?
CS Scholars
waitlisted for MCB 32 lab but not lecture
There will be an official Berkeley subreddit meetup the 3rd or 4th weekend of September
How likely to get into History R1B?
is there a list of random "fun clubs" out there somewhere?
Caltopia is early this year. A lot of Older students aren't back yet.
Any remote or mostly online webcasting classes that I can sign up for?
Can’t afford Reshall housing
Bad Exam Schedule
Joint M.Arch and MS Questions
Schedule Feedback + Indecisiveness
Bad Exam Schedule
Textbooks for first day readings
How necessary is Data 8 for Data 100
We should do another r/berkeley meetup
i’ll have s*x for money
How many hours a week on average do econ/pre-haas students study to get ~ 3.7gpa?
GBO: Trouble Making New Friends
Can u take r1b summer after 2nd year?
How to prepare for CS 189?
Does anyone have copies/pdfs for the Classics R44 class?
Berkeley consulting
Anyone selling their used boosted board?
Are people who try out for the Tennis club super competitive?
Having trouble making friends.
Anybody have a Math 1A book or know where to find it for the low? The book name is below
So many interesting electives to take, but so little time 😅
Feasibility of Interning (mostly full time) and taking classes this semester?
Are there any fans of vaporwave here?
How do I navigate the decals website? How do I know if a class is open?
Any small and cheap safe/lockers I could rent to store my emergency keys?
Music 25 Pretest
Airbears sucks
Where did you guys make most of your friends?
PSR Housing Wifi
Low income and 25 years old by Fall 2020 school year at Cal. Deciding between Co-Op (The Covent) or Off-campus housing?
Sorority scoop?
ESPM 161 - Good course for a freshman?
What year do most students move into an apartment out of dorms?
What stores use flex dollars?
When can we actually start eating in the dining hall without our GBO leaders/groups?
AC Transit's Ghost Buses in Real Time Departures
Best/Cheapest housing option to be able to cook for myself?
Fuck off wildfire drill, I’m trying to sleep
Stat 134, CS61A, Econ 100A, Portug 27: how tough is this class schedule?
Microchill check in but I’m not here !
Clothing Alternations near Campus
򕀽
Why are there two fire trucks outside Unit 3 right now?
Need serious help ASAP
College of Chemistry GBO
Taking Physics 7A over the summer
HMU if you want milk.
Ruined dorm wall lol :(
No one: The actors at Bear Pact:
Anyone else hyped for next semester?
Does anyone know how to connect the ps4 to wifi? My ethernet ports are deactivated and I can't seem to connect to either of the other 3 wireless networks.
Friendly reminder that Chinese Students are NOT to be trusted
What's up with Koinonia Christian Fellowship?
farmers market!
waitlisted in r1a
Stat 140, CS 61B, 70, and INFO 188. How tough would this be?
Can we still get GBO food at the dining halls tomorrow?
are there other places with treadmills besides rsf?
.\Soros funded child rape ring protected by Trump for $4 billion bribe, Pelosi $3b to "ensure safe passage over border". RapeParticipants include Obama, Schumer, Cuomo, Buttgieg, DeBlasio, Theil, Dorsey, Bill Murray. Over 60+ deaths from rapes, billions in payoffs. Listen to them do it here:
Unit 1 mini suite blinds
How long does the mailroom take to process stuff
Access to Clark Kerr skatepark?
Cool wall in Berkeley CA!
Classes on how to make money in stock market?
ee127 difficult?
All these colors in the sky.... such a wonderful work of art✨
Wtf is with all these caterpillars (near the campanile)
CS61A and B or CS88 and CS61B for Data Science
Chase Garbers starting - Cal releases football depth chart ahead of UC Davis
Cal releases football depth chart ahead of UC Davis
Anyone know which gyms have scales?
California names RS sophomore Chase Garbers as the starting quarterback
When you really love your frat ...
LCS Finals
Change in bio 1al exam schedule this semester?
Suitcase clinic training decal
Are the practice spaces/studio spaces for dancers?
my first album, Oddities
Gas station with both air and tire pressure gauge?
Anywhere to scan/develop film in Berkeley?
20% tuition payment and the rest
lmao
Best Profs for UGBA 100
Best food at Cal
L&amp;S Advising
Safest way from Berkeley to sfsu?
parent PLUS loan hasn’t disbursed?
Is Bear Territory mandatory tomorrow?
Payments for Cal Tuition
Anyone taken CivE 186?
CS at Berkeley!! Question about 4.0 GPA
I just moved here and I dont go to the uni but I live right next to the campus. Im looking for friends pls assist
Can I come to party tonight?
gitlet CS61b?
Best LSAT Prep in UC Berkeley Area?
Regrades
Prescription sunglasses claim under SHIP?
bear pact
EECS CS61C Closed
I Swapped Lecture Sections on Cal Central. Will by Bcourses be updated?
Tang Center charges $25 for appointment cancellation under 24hr in advanced but they dropped my appointment less than 1 hr ahead.
Human-Centered Design Course Thread Removed?
Where to get free food at GBO
Anyone going to Kamasi + Herbie at the Greek Theater tonight (Aug 23rd)?
ee16b needed for ee127?
Parents Weekend
Transfer First Semester Schedule
Library Job
CS Scholars seminar
If I request a book from NRLF and pick it up at Moffitt can I just return it at Moffitt?
Does CS 10 help with Data 8?
Kiwibot app comes back to android!
Spiraling costs prompt Jayakarta, Berkeley's only Indonesian restaurant, to close
Lil Uzi Vert will pay Temple University student's $90K tuition, but the student had to promise to finish
GBO Lunch &amp; Dinner
How serious is not paying by the August 23rd deadline?
My roommate sets her alarm at 5 am every morning but never wakes up. Ideas on how to approach this situation?
Question for CS majors
Recent Media Studies &amp; TDPS grad here, I can asnwer (practically) any questions you may have about either major.
Does anyone here feel stressed even before the semester starts?
Students w/ meal plans: YSK that if you don’t use all your flex points by the end of the year, you can ask the cashiers to donate the remaining to organizations like the Food Pantry
Can anyone in/associated with IT spill the tea on if Berkeley does rogue AP detection?
Any good barbers? Or any students that are good at cutting hair? (Mens hair)
Clarification On Dorm Ethernet
Behind University of California’s ‘admission by exception’ side door
Why is CS 61A listed as a MW lecture instead of MWF in CalCentral?
Any more mandatory events?
Good vegan restaurants nearby?
Just a reminder that this video exists.
Do I even need to come to bear pact with my group
Feeling tired of GBO food. What are good and cheap places around?
Why would anyone who has experienced GBO want to be a GBO leader?
Financial Aid Question
Have any previous transfers gone on the company visit during GBO? Did you find it beneficial and worth your time?
If my major was Business Admin or Econ, could I take some biology classes too or can I only take classes relating to my major?
When is Bear Pact?
Anyone wanna form a rock/punk band?
Missed GBO and Bear Pact?
Why are there so many caterpillars here
When is the earliest I can switch into L&amp;S?
I appealed the decision for my out-of-state residency, while that is pending I have absolutely no money or aid for housing and am worried. Is there any way I can take this semester off while it’s pending and keep my status as a student?
Really looking forward to 61A with DeNero
What are my housing rights as sub-tenant/co-tenant if I don’t vacate, but still pay rent?
Is it just Berkeley Haas that focuses excessive on diversity &amp; inclusion or are all US business schools like that?
Need someone to rent your parking space?
Lockers for rent
Does the mail room only send emails to Berkeley accounts for packages to be picked up or also normal email accounts?
The Leadership Award Results?
Stat 20 and an Upper-Div Econ Course (100A/B or 101 A/B)
How to remove your GBO band without damaging it.
Are we allowed to have TVs in Unit 1? Specifically, Cheney..
Anyway to reverse a P/NP after the final grade has been posted?
Where can I get a truck?
GBO Food?
Waiving Biology Breadth
History 11
Switching colleges
Does Your AC Transit Clipper Card Still Work After Graduation?
graduated 20 years ago, 20 years later still taking public transit
Cal Events App Not Working for Android
I’m not on any sports team or club, but I want to go shoot around a soccer ball. What field can I use?
Is it advisable to double major in neurobiology and English if I’m premed?
How to loosen your GBO wristbands (for comfort, not removal)!
What's gsi orientation like?
yooo why is there no heat settings in unit 3 showers???
people really be on the weed here
Anyone knows her? if u do have something special ;)
Anyone get their grades for Math 53 Summer Session (online, Prof. Hutchinson)?
Who to contact to fix broken dorm window?
Nervous to make friends
Ethernet
Do you have to be in L&amp;S to attend the meeting at the Haas pavilion tomorrow?
Did anyone just hear police sirens and yelling going down Piedmont or am I hallucinating
All these GBO posts remind me of a simpler time of being a freshmen...
Is the letters and science opening event worth going to, and is the 'Haas Pavilion' outdoors or indoors?
if anybody wants to play mortal kombat/fifa, hmu i'm in unit 3
RARE video of the GBO official making all the people in the shade go back
Berkeley parking meter credit card
GBO: Where does L&amp;S meet tomorrow
a bit of shade wouldn't hurt
GBO Company visit
Any frat parties/parties tonight?
Inside the mind of a GBO official
I’m a transfer student and I’m having a lot of financial problems and I think it would be helpful to take a semester off. How would I go about that?
Anyone in GBO group 375?
Email Not Working?
Stat 140 and EE126?
What happens if your don't click with anyone in your gbo group?
Good Parts of GBO to attend
Student Parking
Has a professor ever died while teaching mid-semester, or even mid-lecture at Berkeley?
would I face consequence for not going to GBO?
Where can I pump my bike on campus?
Do UGBA upperdivs need Top Hat?
How? If it would, they already are.
Are I-House meal plans only for residents?
Walk out of class with us!
Any cheap third-party apple repair store in the area?
Tour bus cluster*#(^
When is the bear pact for group 731?
Is meeting with your L&amp;S advisor during GBO mandatory?
Anybody else currently experiencing the absolute mess that is convocation?
61B Waitlist
anyone wanna burn it rn
Has anyone had to by pass a prerequisite class from CC in order to graduate from cal?
I Regret Moving to Berkeley
is it too late to do pre-med?
What do MCB undergrads want from their GSIs?
Please make sure to lock up your wheel at Berkeley.
When is Bear Pact?
Fake IDs at dispensaries?
In-state residency is still pending (extra 30k in tuition), but tuition is due soon. Will I get my 30k back once I obtain in-state residency from Berkeley?
Business Frats on Campus
Meal Plan Start?
After a nice day moving in, Berkeley didn’t even seem that seedy, then parents had car broken into (window smashed, 2 laptops and backpacks stolen). At 6:00 pm in a uc Berkeley parking structure! WTF!
Why is my CalGrant Only Partially Disbursed?
How do you handle room keys in suites?
Taking class but failed it's prerequisite
What do you need to do when attending Bear Pact to not get a hold?
exercise decals?
Called a nightmare and racist for speaking up about being constantly harassed by black people for thinking I'm latin
Stolen motorcycle, worth a shot
I missed GBO check in, what can I do now?
Applying/adding MS in EECS as PhD student from other department
Incoming Toddler
WorkFit? Has anybody registered for this? Have questions!
How to transport twin mattress from one apartment to another?
So I read that they disabled the ethernet ports, anyone know why?
I’m interested in learning about what y’all think about BART
Chiropractor/Acupuncturist Recs?
Found this cool app for UC Berkeley
Has anybody inside the FIJI house?
For GBO where do you go everyday to get your Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner?
Where to send CC summer transcript?
Anyone want to smoke weed after check in?
61B and 188 in one semester-how doable is it?
Rate my schedule plz
Rate my schedule plz
61B with Hilfinger and 16A Discussions
Ethernet in foothill
Just Moved in Unit 1 HMU if you want to play smash lol
When should I drop from the waitlist of a class?
Any affordable and healthy food options on campus?
Assault with deadly weapon on Channing victim sustained major injuries
Golden Bear Express Flies Low-Income Students to Berkeley
Don't forget GBO check-in!
Will we be able to access google drive after we graduate?
Missed Golden Bear Prep Module
Need another player for clash
Psychology Clubs/Groups on Campus
Need a fifth for clash (league)
Tiniest Parking Space in Berkeley?
Move in
Strawberry Canyon pool during orientation week?
Waitlist class question
are the everfi alcoholedu and sexual assault prevention courses mandatory
New grad student on campus. Wondering what the gay scene at cal is like / how to get involved?
Not getting off the waitlist after adjustment period?
When does admin announce wait list status?
So is cal central ever available over the phone or....?
Move-in time
Anyone wants to know the real Chinese culture?
sorta panicking abt the finaid
Volunteer with WriterCoach Connection
How hard is it to switch from CNR to engineering?
Has anyone in CS Scholars gotten the seminar added to their courses?
What are you supposed to do the rest of move-in day?
Any way to check place in line on wait list?
When should I buy my textbooks?
So internships...
DND meetup locations
Grocery planning?
How do I get mail shipped to my dorm?
questions about move-in day
Financial aid/payment
No matter what happens, just be glad your socks aren’t these:
TIL: G.N. Lewis, the dean of CoC from '12 to '34, was nominated 41 times for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry and had five student-laureates, but never became a laureate himself.
BTS decal
Natamst 71 with Professor Enrique Lima
EE 16A waitlist
what should I have gotten out of cs70?
Does anyone know where I can get the UGBA 10 book for free (2018, 3rd edition by Pearson)?
When does financial aid get directly deposited?
Financial Aid is disbursed for Fall Semester
Sexual battery on ASUC second floor
Textbook
My Journey Curing Blindness Using Virtual Reality &amp; Smartphone Technology
Clark Kerr RH quad bunk beds?
Double majoring as a Transfer
Important to complete EE16B early?
Cal Alumni Leadership Award
Housing advice for an incoming Spring transfer?!
Wondering if I can back out of organisations (namely ASUC) after being accepted to it
Desks and Chairs in the Dorms
senior year clubs to join
Any pilot / aviation enthusiasts our there?
When are Summer grades due?
Please help finding 2019 Commencement video
Best desk in the dorms?
Phi Sigma Pi National Honor Fraternity
Foothill Bike Locker
Permission to enroll in grad classes?
CS61a or E7?
Andrew Yang's parents and Kamala Harris's parents met in Berkeley. That's cool
Biology Classes: Chemistry 3B vs. Biology 1A
CS61BL ever shifted grade bin in the past?
Jetpack commute
Is CS 10 worth it?
Data Science connectors?
Anyone know of any biz frats that don’t have a drinking/partying culture? More specifically, how’s alpha epsilon zeta?
Chances of grade bins shifting for CS61a?
Is a MacBook Air 2018 (256gb) good enough for a CS major?
Incomplete Grade and Curve
When do reserved seats open for upper division classes?
Classes with conflicting final exams?
Stat 135 versus CS 188 for data science?
Can you minke in biology while being in haas?
What happens if you enroll in only 12 units?
Overseen on Telegraph
anyone have experience/recommend the card counting/blackjack decal ?
PSA: If you take a semester off for an internship, career services will deactivate your Handshake account and refuse to turn it back on until the semester you come back.
Tips for graduate classes
Why is it “in,” not “against?” Written on the Golden Bear Statue in Sproul Plaza.
Do classes get cancelled for low enrollment?
Move in day parking near southside coops
Two totally unrelated questions
I'm a CS reject enrolled in 0 units (waitlisted for 16) looking for some advice.
questions abt move-in day
Electric Vehicle Builders here?
Fraternity Rush
Having trouble enrolling in direct deposit 😬
To the new students, you won't be bored!
Looking for squirrel meat
Target freebies
Will top-bunk sleepers survive an earthquake?
5 things I learned as a Professional Berkeley NIMBY (Not In My Back Yard) and Why Only I Can Solve the Crisis of 2019.
Review my Schedule for First Year?
Financial Aid will disburse on 08/19!!!!
housing transfer
How can I get my rejection letter from last year?
Will this schedule overwhelm me + backup classes?
Graduated this summer, when does my RSF membership end?
What's "Berkeley Stands United in Hate?"
The Reason People's Park Is What It Is Today
Are these classes manageable for a first year at UCB?
Tuition Payment
Late on GBO
is piedmont at late evening/night 5 PM - 7:39 PM well lit and safe?
Data science major
so much drama
Is STAT 133 worth taking (data science cluster)?
Let’s be real here. The city of Berkeley is a shit-hole.
Refund or pay charges “Not Yet Due?”
Let’s face it. Berkeley is a shit-hole.
Cal is so stunning!✨ Just look at the beautiful rays of sun shining through the leaves of these tall, strong trees🌱 Have an awesome weekend everyone! All of you who took your finals this week: You did a great job!🎉 Wish you the best🌸
Two Breadth Courses With Same Finals Day
UCLA crime reports vs UC Berkeley crime reports (past 3 weeks)
Anthropology 240A-B Syllabus / Readings
Stat 134 + CS 70
APPLYING TO URAP AS AN INCOMING FRESHMAN....
Reporting Outside Scholarships
Lake Street Dive is playing at the Greek tonight and tomorrow night. Go see them as they are a fantastic not very well known group. Their playing and harmonies are fantastic.
Do Laundry Machines Take Quarters
Southside is safe
Recent Homeless Population Controversy
For the curious: the (small) list of secret societies at Cal.
fall19 schedule
Cal will start selling beer and wine at football games next season
I Will Pay You $100 For OCC Chem 180 Shirley Gonzales's Past Exams
Calculus w/ Applications - 11th Edition Lial
No Police Presence at Peoples Park?
can i use my parents bank account for direct deposit?
can we take major prereqs over the summer?
Shipping mattress topper to Unit 1?
UC Optometric Eye Clinics Has the Best Free Eye-Rape Sections Ever.
how long does it take for the ship waiver premium to be billed to your account?
RESULTS to the student's experience with homeless population survey. 88% of students feel PHYSICAL THREATENED around homeless to varying degrees; 43% of students feel the campus NEEDS TO BE a homeless-free safe zone.
Bank account for international students
Legal Assistant work near Berkeley?
Just got an email about the directory name change. They should have sent this email before making the change!
When do we find out if we are accepted into our Decal
Does anyone know how a W (withdrawal) on a transcript for transfer to UC Berkeley would look to admissions?
I am meeting with Chancellor Carol Christ next month, please answer this QUICK survey regarding your personal experiences with the homeless population around the school.
Cheap phone repairs
CS Major Appeal
Best place to gym in UC Berkeley?
Where can I get toothpaste
Getting off Waitlist for a Class
Applying to Berkeley, Problem With the College Section
Protest in support of Hong Kong this weekend in SF?
Has anyone been able to find year-long housing that starts in September/October?
Preparing for grad school
Are we required to read There There by Tommy Orange?
Econ 100A with Professor Acland
Cal students clash at sticky note 'Lennon wall' over Hong Kong protests
Free Massage 💆
UC Berkeley Named 1th Among U.S. Public Universities (8th in the world)
Counterprotests to HK protests, anyone want to join?
What is a good American Cultures course for Haas?
I am meeting Chancellor Carol Christ next month, please answer this QUICK SURVEY about your experiences with the homeless population at Berkeley.
how many different outfits should I bring if I live in a double?
what specs should i get for a new Macbook?
Fitness RSF classes advice: Circuit Weight Training vs Resistance Training
Are Ds acceptable for major prereqs?
Why is EECS a thing? Why not split it up into CS and EE?
When will it be cooler?
Why is Data 8 not increasing enrollment for Fall 19?
Foothill social life
Cal fans can now drink away their sorrows at Memorial Stadium
Running Paths by Campus
Asking for advice: lifting machines/ weight room at RSF
[Selling] 2 Tix to Young the Giant tonight
Would anyone be interested in a DeCal about heavy metal music?
Inline skating/rollerblading on campus
Coffee shops hiring?
UC Berkeley #1 public school and #13 overall in new Forbes rankings
Workload
Poll: Do you consider the rampant homeless population near Berkeley a source of unhappiness in your school experience?
Did anyone transfer into berkeley for interdisciplinary studies or global studies major?
Questions about Theater 10 auditions! :)
It’s full and there aren’t even shoes in it :(
Selling 2 Tickets to Redwood Grove Summer Concert: Chris Pureka &amp; Willy Tea Taylor Tonight at 5:30pm
Can I bring 1800W electronic appliances to dorms? (Stuff like hair dryers, steamers...etc) Or would it overload the electric system?
Interested in CS but engineering is a no no
Vegan food @ dining halls
Are EE 16A/16B enforced pre-reqs for EE 120?
Need help understanding payment plan
Moving to Berkeley as an international student
Just cried for 1 hour on top of betchel xD
Are first years allowed to take Econ 100A?
EE16a without fulfilling math 1B requirement
Doing EE16a without passing out of 1B
Berkeley Traditions?
where do i rent textbooks from?
Double Major: CogSci and Art Practice?
The mad lad, the EECS Tinder for fetishes guy actually did it!!!
food in sorority housing?
The EECS Tinder for fetishes guy actually did it!!!
Issue with registering to vote
Switching Colleges
CS 160 old webcast?
24 hour fitness workout partner
Best way to contact professors before semester start?
Student loan MPN asks me to list a reference that is my parent but doesn’t live with me
For anyone in Haas: Care to reply down below so I can pm about the transition and the school of business itself? Thank you :) and Go Bears!
Transferring to Data Science or Applied Mathematics from Another UC
ASAMST 145AC
Needing some Help on a VR Project
How do I unenroll in SHIP (Student Health Insurance Program)?
What resume building sh*t actually matters?
Transportation app
History 132C
Confused as to whether I qualify for CA residency for grad school
Grade contesting advice
Apparently some direct pay sign-up is due on the 18th of August? Do I have to sign up for it because my parents send the money in a different way
What to bring to the dorm
Korean1A vs Japan1A?
Does Berkeley really bill you for room and board for August?
URAP Conflicted, Advice needed
HKU-UCB double major?
CS 168?
How to prepare for Math 54?
Sudden Financial Aid Change: No More Work Study???
From MATH 1A to 16A?
When do Calhacks 6.0 applications open?
Yall ever look back on your years in Berkeley and think what the heck
FREE Comedy show at Legionnaire Saloon Next Thursday, 8/22, at 8pm
Crazy party going down on Thursday at the Legionnaire!
Volunteer Opportunities for Premed Students
Desk Size in a Unit 2 dorm?
Midterm conflict with class?
Where to get pepper spray near campus?
Fall freshman added to Gradescope for Summer 2019, was this a mistake?
Anyone know how much space is available for clothes at a clark kerr triple premium?
is ugba 135 online?
Typically for B+/A- average R1A’s how many hours a week are needed in terms of work
What’s your favorite lecture hall?
What are some extracurriculars Prehaas majors do?
How can I see my position on a waitlist?
[Sports Illustrated] How Cal—Yes, Cal—Built What May Be the Best Secondary in College Football
waitlisted class advice
Can I Get My Cal 1 Card Early?
Moving in on Monday!
48 units from AP classes. How to graduate in three yrs?
UC Berkeley plans huge satellite campus at Moffett Field– University teams up with NASA Ames on 1.3M square feet of offices, R&amp;D labs
clark kerr to hillegass safest route?
Saw this question in Golden Bear prep
How do I check what floor my dorm is on?
Can't reach professor to settle incomplete grade
If you sleep on the top bunk, where do you keep your phone/alarm clock?
CC Summer Semester Grades
Lecture hall seating
american cultures requirement
Any UC Berkeley Fantasy Football leagues?
Shipping stuff to Unit 2
Community College Transfer Credits
NOW LEASING!! 2 beds, 2 bath, Downtown Berkeley, COMPETITIVE RENT!!!
Can one 'swap' a discussion section to reserve seat in the one youre currently in for another time slot?
How to Best Secure Values in Shared Rooms in Dorms?
Berkeley Pop Punk/Rock Group Chat
Would taking STAT 135 be a good statistics opener course?
Can I order comforters and other stuff to deliver to the Amazon Locker to pick it up when I get there? Or will it be too packed?
Has anyone taken the basketball PE classes?
I fucked up
Grants and Scholarships for the School Year
If you rush as a freshman in the fall, when do you move in to the frat house?
Thoughts on Startup Decal?
What sort of supplies are good for these classes?
Are skateboards dumb
spring move in
continuing student move in day
Financial Aid
SHIP waiver denied, sent appeal but said it will take up to 30 business days?
Smuggling cooking equipment into the dorms
CS 170 Help
Waitlisted for 2 classes, where should I devote my energy?
MCB transfer student need help in choosing track
What day does target have free stuff this year?
Frats
Soc major transfer
cs70 waitlist
EGT extension was denied
Meal Prep/ Food advice
Why is everyone here so racist?
Math 54 Adjunct Enrollment
Should I bring my own basketball or will there be some at the RSF for me to use?
Just out of curiosity, are the majority of UC Berkeley student atheist?
Incoming Physics transfer student thinking about double major or minor in Data Science.
New restaurants and stuff?
Is it possible to still waive out of SHIP even after I mistakenly paid for it?
Probably can't take MCB 102 before MCAT, any other options?
Linux SysAdmin DeCal back for Fall 2019
CS70 (Song and Sinclair) Fall2019 Webcast?
General &amp;amp; Emergency Plumber Sunshine Coast | Your Local Plumber | Coolum Plumber
fall vs spring rush
what do we put as the pickup address for the micro-chills from collegeproducts.com?
Anyone know if QC@B will be offered this semester?
I thought mace was sufficient for self defense, but my mother clearly did not
Where to get Ice on campus
Internet provider in Southside?
When is calapalooza this year?
running tracks on campus?
Cal Boxing Tryouts - Clash with classes
CS162 Partners?
Fried Chicken
Dorm Essentials :P
Could anyone who did BCPA summer in the past share their experiences?
Canadian Studies Program?
area 51 raid
Does anybody need a Dust Mask for outdoor activities or other things? totally new, I have it free to you. PM me if you need it.
Bit of a sticky situation so could use any advice possible!
Mattress Topper
Shipping to Unit 2?
Data 100 without linear algebra experience?
Currently waitlisted for a class so I have less than 13 units. Do I need to add a class right now to be enrolled as a full time student?
Traveling Overnight for Move-in Day
New in Berkeley
EE127 waitlist
bag recommendations
Bentley financial aid gone
Made a serious mistake about Data 8 class...
If I can declare my major (and already have) with 2 of the 4 pre requisites and have 3 done already do I have to do that 4th one I’m missing immediately or can I wait it out ?
Question about Data 8
WiFi services recommendation
Does gradescope check to see if you're accessing an unathorized page?
Schedule changes
Dorm prices just INCREASED??
Math 16A
Berkeley ranked #1 as the world’s top university for IT developers! (( go bears ))
Cognitive Science Transfer Questions
Data 8 waitlist
CS61B waitlist
Advice Requested for How Much and What Type of Bedding for Freshman in the Units
ASUC multiple positions?
Desinv 15?
Sorority rush?
UCLA is better than UCB. Change my mind you fucked up nigger lovas
Unsolicited PLUS Loans
Why is UCLA such shit and niggery compared to berk?
Back-to-back class from Mulford to Barrows: can I make it?
What is considered a “good” average grade for breadths?
Should I get surface pro 6 or the new Mac air?
Finals Stress Coping Methods
About how many hours a week are needed to do well in data 8
Do breadth classes usually open up during the adjustment period?
Ahhh... so magnificent✨ Have a great weekend my fellow golden bears💛 You are amazing! I wish you a joyous weekend with great productivity. Go bears🌟
Campus politics and the sad Pepe meme
NST10, CHEM1A/1AL, MCB32/32L, GEOG50AC
Math 54+CS 61B+Stat 140?
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT MY CHANCE AT THIS SCHOOL
Should I go for Interesting or easy work-study? (Incoming Freshman)
Econ 1 waitlist?
First EVER Oakland Comedy Festival!
Is there space to store a luggage and storage boxes in the units?
Can't join any facebook groups?
Are physics lectures usually webcasted similar to CS?
Parking Permit (S)
Anyone stuck on the "Delivery Options" page when registering for student parking permit S?
Are there any CS classes about numerical computing/analysis?
Deadline to pay for Tuition
Tuition increasing
Actual reply from a housing application around here.
Setting up my OS for CS classes
useful classes for financial stuff?
USC is back at it! Kappa accused of putting cow on heaviest pledge’s front door, all while they were posting videos about eating disorders on facebook.
Typical Work-Study Hours?
App that notifies Berkeley students when class has open seat
Transfer Application Question
Dumb question 😬- What should a resume for library work study consist of?
Anyone here have any insight for Anthro 107 with Professor Deacon?
How likely are you to purchase food made by another student?
Time conflict enrollment UGBA 105 and CS 61A
Office Supplies
Slow cookers?
Special Topics class?
How many units does a typical incoming freshman enter Berkeley with? (AP, IB, dual-enrollment, etc)
Quick Freshman Dorm Desk Question(s)
Rug for Dorm?
Berkeley Morning Safety
Does anyone know how to import classes from schedule planner to google calendar (bCal)?
Call for writing: Berkeley Burn Book
Is there anywhere I can print for free? (3 pages)
Workload of HIST 151A / HIST 11?
Course advice
Does SHIP cover any relationship counseling?
25Live not showing ANY classroom availability?
How hard of a schedule is cs162/ee123/eecs126?
Seminar recs?
Looking for one student to help write an article about their college experience, will be paid.
What happens during adjustment period?
Blankets?
Study Areas on Campus (w/o ID)
"Intending a major in Business Administration in the Haas School of Business" Undergraduate Major?
Anyone that's taken Econ 105 or Econ C102/EnvEcon C102
Has anyone who is in taken the GiGS grad school mentorship class?
Bring a Bike around
SHIP Cost Doubled
Classic 161 or Music 128
Is SHIP part of financial aid package?
Is there a public computer with which I can practice c++?
Clubs to learn a new instrument
Should I move to Berkeley?
I opted out of SHIP Health Insurance through the waiver, but calnet still shows the payment as due?
Study Spots in Berkeley
Study Spots in Berkeley
cs 70 wait list??
how does double major work?
Questions about sororities
Advice on classes
[Internship Opportunity] Build your sports media career with an internship at Unafraid Show
How to change lab section for a class where I'm on the waitlist?
BioE 147: Synthetic Biology
CS170 Waitlist
How do you all feel about allowing internship posts?
UCEAP Special Study Internship (x-post r/ucsantabarbara)
Is this schedule too much for a MechE freshman? (16 units - unfortunately the 8AMs are unavoidable!)
Drugs and The Brain
Where do I go to verify my IB credits have been recognized?
Specs of Macbook Pro for CS
Home(town) sickness
Mac or Windows as a CoC student?
how to lose my virginity senior year
Does anyone have a pdf for the astron c10 textbook? (Cosmos: Astronomy in New Millennium, 5th ed, Pasachoff)
Incoming freshman in need of math 10A stankova advice !!!!
Public Health Major Questions
Thinking about taking the Pokémon decal in the fall - any thoughts from people who have been through it?
Facilitating DeCal Units?
NEED HELP FROM CURRENT STUDENTS! Dimensions of Clark Kerr Furniture for Storage &amp; Joining Greek Life?
Non-major calculus class?
Residency Issue
Does anyone know if the Pass/No Pass deadline has passed for summer 2019? Currently taking a class just to fill units for financial aid and don’t want to try my luck with it anymore
weird ecep shiftboard emails?
Financial Aid Disbursement?
Why are there so many entitled grad students?
Socio 3ac waitlist
DeCals
Berkeley should stop admitting mediocre CCC students
Scheduling Advice
what are my options? is my GPA done for?
Why the crime problem?
How much of a disadvantage am I at taking CS 61C without CS 61B?
Air drying clothes
Which stats class should I take for Econ prereq?
Am I behind? Potential CS Transfer Student
Hi y'all, I'm starting my first year at Berkeley in the fall and I NEED to get a part-time job. What is the best way for me to do that?
Phase 2 Unit Limit
Marsden 3A Grade Bins
Does anyone here intern/work for SkyDeck? Would love to ask some questions!`
Is it possible to enroll in CS61C if you have a time conflict on one of the lecture days??
I'm creating an online private community that ONLY Berkeley students can sign up by '@berkeley.edu' authentication. It helps you get useful information and share frank thoughts.
Upper division as a Freshman
What to do in those the first few days?
'Conference Days' in GBO sample schedule
How bad is Math 53?
Is the Freshman Orientation Required?
Difficulty of nst 10
Please help me find my dog
Waiving SHIP and Financial Aid
When is the best time to buy football/basketball tickets? Ik there are a bunch of different sales
Supplies
Applied Math Major Advice: Math 53 and 54 or 53 and 55???
Waitlist Rule for Discussion Sections?
Calculator reccomendations
Stabbing at Downtown Berkeley Bart at 1 AM this morning
enrollment advice
Seeking opinions on cannabis marketing
Why is berkeley so depressing and liberal compared to UCLA, and overall just a shit school?
Golden Bear Prep Transfer Module's got some real crappy design :/
Any way to use gaming consoles in dorms after recent policy change?
Interesting philosophy classes?
E26 Difficulty &amp; Workload
How much do the windows open in the units?
How important is taking Data 8 when you have already taken CS61A?
Switching lecture time but keeping discussion section
Housing Off-Campus
Depression, last semester, homeless, broke, and failing
NUSCTX 10 (Intro to Human Nutrition) or LS C30T (Drugs and the Brain)?
Why are all of these club websites so difficult to navigate.
Funny roommate groupchat names
7 of the 9 UC schools (including Berkeley) ranked in the top 25 public schools that pay off the most
Math 53
Did any of you transfer to Berkeley from CC at 22/23 years old? What was it like ?
Find a PhD thesis in pdf form
Rampant Bible Study Promoters?
Do frats have their own chef
For anyone who got into Haas: what were your extracurriculars like?
What's the support system and social life like at Cal?
How is the support system at Berkeley
Sir, this is a Bongo Burger
What song does the Campanile play?
Do haas admissions see your AP scores?
data science — data 100 + 61b
Undergrad Senior that recently decided to go to grad school, seeking advice
Don't look for liquor at Safeway on College Ave — its license has been suspended
Headphones guy WITH another urgent audio-related question......
Second half of R&amp;C classes have zero open seats and I need to enroll
Buying EXPENSIVE headphones for college......
How is Econ 105?
UC Berkeley has 170 staff in Diversity &amp; Inclusion roles
What is a better goal to transfer from a CC for a computer science major? EECS or L&amp;S CS?
Make Berkeley Great Again
Why does berkeley have so much stupid leftist antifa nigger hippies?
Taking cs186 without cs61c
Statistics 20: Ibser or Stoyanov?
Interesting Facts About The World's Oldest Intact Ship
Going to Rsf before GBO?
Athlete question
cancelling work study?
Is it normal to always have my emails ignored by staff and faculty?
Berkeley Facebook page with required email won't let me in
What does RA pay look like and does the job suck?
Pre-med classes for non bio major?
Major(s) for marketing &amp; international business?
How much money should be saved for textbooks?
SHIP grant
When will I be able to access Adobe Software for my laptop through my Berkeley account?
I LOVE TRUMP. Fuck berkeley antifa lefist niggurs and phagots. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, FUCK YOU BERKELEY NIGGURS SUCK A CHINK ASS DICK.
FUCK DIVERSITY
I hate black people and hispanic people at berkeley.
I hate UC berkeley. Filled with dem niggurs and dem stupid antifa latina whores. KYS berkeley, UCLA will always be superior
Lunch Recommendations
How much worse is Hilfinger’s 61a than DeNero’s
Is a calculator required for Math 1A?
Calculator
Paying Housing Charges Monthly?
After reading that cockroach research news...
craft store with used crafts?
Non resident tuition exemption
Did any of you hate berkeley when you started, but loved it as time went on?
Are most UCB student's living expense and tuition completely financed by their parents?
By when should I have bought textbooks?
Has anyone received Spring 2019 diploma yet?
How is the experience of being a Jewish student in UC Berkeley?
Switching majors within L&amp;S after transfer acceptance
How does going to away football games work?
Private Driving Coach?
How to study for math 1A?
Just how useful is Data 8
Don't know what major to apply with as a transfer
Has anyone had experiences with calcentral making mistakes?
Beach Volleyball
Leadership Scholarship Results
Prep for MATH16B and/or MCELLBI C62
Is LiveHealth Online no longer covered by SHIP?
Math 53 + Stat 135 + EECS 127
Data 8 Lab/Learning Assistant
berkeley bucket list
Sonic Internet bs
Not officially registered on calcentral even tho I have no fees
UC Berkeley Files Patent Motions Against Harvard, MIT
Spanish courses
Need a plu
Chances of Spot Opening Up in PE 2 Class
waitlist for classes
UC Berkeley scientists create robotic cockroaches that are harder to kill than real cockroaches
nootropics/brain enhancers
Josh Hug is the most wholesome name ever
What's the point of the University of California System?
Keep Berkeley Edu email account
Recording free on campus (shit post)
How much harder is it to get accepted out of state?
Data 8 open and other class recommendations.
Free HBO for students
Berkeley Marina
chances of transferring uc to uc
UC Berkeley Fall 2019 admit profile (ranges for GPA, test scores)
What’s your opinion on the College of Environmental Design (CED) at UC Berkeley?
Requirements?
Food near Amoebas
Enjoy your time in college...
ESPM 6 waitlist
I have 2 tickets to Lord Huron at the Greek right now if you want them
Fin Aid just subtracted 18k in grant aid ;( why so late :((
PE class recommendations
Can I see my freshman application?
Parking in RPP zone F
Is energy and resources c100 hard I am scared
Biking at Berkeley?
Ground Up Ventures Campus Partner Program
Student from Kazakhstan wants to see the campus
BART paper ticket sales to end in downtown Berkeley and other stations
Lower Hearst S-Permit parking
go bears
Tips for COLWRIT R4A with Donnett Flash
Things you regret not knowing before/doing in your freshman year
Norton Hall
A place to stay for my dog for 2 to 3 weeks
What is your opinion of UC Berkeley?
Questions About Martinez (Double)
Question for my Fellow Freshmen about grant dispersal
Uc Berkeley ranking
Work Study disappeared?
Waitlist place
SHIP Insurance Grant
Any restaurant/cafe in the area with a "private" vibe?
LS 30T or MCELLBI C62: Drugs and the Brain
Applying to asuc open positions
Chem BA major + CS minor
UC Berkeley professor along with a San Jose professor built a see-saw for children at the border wall
majoring in philosophy at berkeley? is it a good idea (i’m a rising sophomore and i have no idea what to study)
Should I even apply?
What are the odds a class will let me take an alternate final to not have two exams back to back?
Mechatronics Design ME102B, Fall or Spring
Which one of you fuckers did this
Fall rush?
Thieves keep stealing catalytic converters off cars in Berkeley, police warn
GBO Waiver
gpa cutoff for graduating with distinction (CNR)?
What's opinion on Berkeley College Republicans?
How long is the wait at Ippudo?
Messed up return flight, need somewhere to stay for a few hours until flight
Any Bowling Clubs at Berkeley?
chem 32?
Berkeley SHIP waiver deadlines are BS
Cooking in Unit 2
Housing for Fall 2020
Berkeley Loan + Heartland ASCI
Why is there such little enrollment in stats 88?
SHIP Fees in Cost of Attendance
Her out-of-office message should say 'gone cuckoo.' Forget Twitter. Berkeley staffer follows nature's chirps, trills and squawks.
Has anyone successfully done a SAP Appeal?
Amateur soccer at Berkeley?
61C EPA Points?
How do you see the billing breakdown in CalCentral???
CS189 Sahai/Yu Fall 2017 Assignments and Notes?
Library Work-Study Job
Which is worse for grad school: B-/C+ or Pass?
Changing roommates?
List of student ID food discounts?
Social worker hired by UC houses People's Park homeless and reduces crime
FYI there is a power outage along Telegraph
Berkeley now "Unranked" in US News colleges rankings
RSF access for new students
Received an email stating that I cannot be enrolled into C8?
[Sex on Tuesday] Embracing Uncertainty: "It may come as a surprise, but I haven't always been the sex goddess that I am now."
Guys helped I really messed up because of my stupidity and lack of reading things carefully.
taking cs61b and cs70 concurrently?
which math class should i take?
Shoutout to ProfessorPlum168
Has anyone used Engineering 120 as an LSCS tech elective?
CS61C AND CS170
so incredibly confused about payments...
Is it true that the Chipotle on telegraph gives you a free drink if you show your student ID?
Help me GET JACKED and MAKE FRIENDS
Windows, Mac, or other laptop for Pre-haas/econ major
This is why Berkeley is the #1 school 💯👏👍😘
Anyway to defer admission?
Data Science Clubs
SAP Appeal :(
Feeling kinda depressed over 70.
Windows or Mac for MechE
Foothill building 8
Immunization requirement
Is it ok to be taking cs70, cs61b, and ee16 all together in the fall?
Do CS clubs do technical interviews?
math54 + physics7A
Question on my financial aid awards
What’s the day-by-day rushing process for a sorority like?
CS61A w no prior experience
How's GradGuard?
EE 16A Waitlist - Freshman
Anyone else struggling to contact their roommates?
What floors in Blackwell are mostly continuing students?
How do I ask for a different roommate?
Where to fill up water bottle?
How much Matlab is used in ME 132?
Physics 8A/8B or 7A/7B
Sudden increase in cost of attendance?
Anyone have experience with time conflict enrollment?
Why are we not allowed to bring string lights???
Question for majors with lots of reading...
Confused which of these classes are lectures or sections (Arabic 1A)
Jazz Big Bands
Today I got an email telling me I missed a graduation requirement...
Psych Major @ Berkeley
Should I get rain boots for Cal?
Will I lose SHIP until I pay tuition and fees?
Can we change payment plan after enrollment?
Looks like Hilfinger is bringing back Gitlet for Fall 2019
CS students, how do you take notes?
incoming freshmen! let’s talk about safety @ cal
Can’t do anything/pay?
Housing transfer requests/roommate change
Chemistry 1A Special Section
Am i gonna pay anything before the scholarship applies?
How's foothill building 2?
La Loma vs hillside
Is there a way to view GBO room assignment if you live off campus?
Open letter to the frat boy who punched me in the face on the corner of Telegraph and Durant and walked off laughing at me a couple months ago
Something weird happened in my finances
Unit 1 hall question
Deutsch Hall?
what happens if you forget to put your ID on all the pages of a midterm
If you guys could help me out with this survey, I would really appreciate it!
GBO Housing is different from actual housing during the school year?
how often do you go to san francisco?
I’m a freshmen and I’m randomly assigned roommate is a senior?
Cal's CS (Customer Service) department failed me.... How to get my money back?
PSA: Remember to ask permission to go to the bathroom during class
how's griffiths hall?
Econ and Psych Career Paths + Premed Stuff?
Econ 141 questions
Address for packages from Amazon or other delivery services
is it possible to request a change in roommates?
Getting into CS 61b/c
Just a quick heads up: roommate assignments are on the housing portals right now
How’s foothill building 2?
Math 54 Textbook PDF
What credit does a passing grade in AP Stats give me?
did anyone go random for their freshman roommates?
UC Berkeley and four other schools removed from Best Colleges list for misreporting statistics
How to switch sections (Econ 1)?
Cal grant will not disburse?
Launching a new finance app for students
SHIP 2018-2019 End Date
Why is there an open seat but 17 people on waitlist? And only 99/103 people enrolled? If I am #17 on waitlist, are my chances of getting into the class high? Thanks!
Is it possible to transfer to Berkeley from an OOS university in one year?
Math 1B vs Math 54
Advice for a prospective transfer student??
Classes that help with personal statements?
School Supplies?
"Exclusive" Clubs
UC Berkeley has a instructor that teaches that all rich people are immoral and that we should dispossess their wealth, good job encouraging rich people to donate to the school
What is the pool setup at RSF?
Physics 77 vs Data 8 and physics 88
Am I allowed to study in empty lecture balls
Is this true? Berkeley sounds like hell on earth lol
Employee and customers tackle down thief in Berkeley coffee shop | KRON4
How do I do Haas in one year (undergrad)?
Changing discussion sections
Fundraising on campus
Astron C10 freshman or sophomore year
A Berkeley student made a UC Berkeley Diss Track HAHAHAHA I was expecting cringe but it's lowkey fire
What does this error message mean?
A BERKELEY STUDENT MADE A UC BERKELEY DISS TRACK HAHAHAHA
Math 16a Slaman
Math 16a Salaman
Is joke relax
How do exchange students enroll in CE modules?
Deciding which bunk
Data 100 workload? Much harder than before?
Considering to study in Berkeley for 2 semesters!
Becoming an undergraduate CS GSI
I'm an incoming freshman...will living off-campus hinder my experience?
Where do I specify on Calcentral that I won't be living on campus?
Taking cs70 before cs61b
Are there any CA community colleges where I can take Math 54 (differential equation portion rather than linear algebra) equivalent online?
Toaster in Berkeley
Top Harvard CS Professor, Jelani Nelson, Leaves to Join Berkeley Faculty
BACKPACKS THO (Backpack shopping)
GBO for off-campus freshmen
Math 53 survival tips / has anyone taken Kelli Talaska?
Safe cities near Berkeley ?
How hard to declare Psych major?
Buy or rent Math 53 book?
UC Berkeley and undocumented students
Cal central my finances page billing summary
File won’t upload on Cal Central
talaska or math 32
Sooo how do I enroll in the fee payment plan?
Medical Clearance Not Satisfied
Is there a way to pay for multiple years up front?
PSA: Thieves might be targeting Asians
This is how you take down a laptop thief.
Returning to Cal after dropping out... CalNet ID
UHS charged me for Summer 2019 and I didn’t even enroll for Summer classes. They’ve also been charging me little amounts for Spring 2019 and it’s not clear where they are coming from. what do I do?
Honors or dean's list?
Cheapest place to print
reserved seats/waitlist question
Music Composition
Unranked. I give up from this school, I really do.
aha now I really regret picking berkeley over ucla
Please help! Questions about changing grading option to PNP
Any way to protect my laptop from thieves????
Is there a group chat for CoC freshmen
ATTAAAACK
Cafe suggestions
What do I do about this? I don’t have any outstanding fees or holds, and I’m not trying to be “subject to cancel for nonpayment”.
Drugs and the Brain (LS C30T) - Amount of memorization / finest details for exams
Questions about e26
Berkeley Kite Fest - Sat July 27th &amp; Sun 28th at the Berkeley Marina
How can I pay my CalCentral fees using grants and scholarship?
When do we find out our roommates/how do we find it? (Is it in the housing portal?)
Waitlisted for a discussion
When Berkeley goes from being ranked #1, to being ranked #2, to not being ranked at all within a year
Crime here is out of control
The new Chem 4A lab section time came out... 6-10pm
Sororities with strong sisterhood?
Transferring while having major prep in progress during Spring?
UC Berkeley Removed From US News College Rankings For Misreporting Statistics
Astro 10 waitlist?
Just a shot in the dark, but checking to see if anyone saw the wallet I dropped on the 18 AC Transit bus today!
When do we find out who our roommates are for the dorms ?
Question about chem 32 and history 100ac.
Would it be better to use Hug's book &amp; videos while taking 61B with Hilfinger?
Friyay
Updates to Cal's college ranking
When do I have to pay the initial tuition by?
How is talaska for math 16a?
i completely forgot to attend the compulsory virtual advising sessions earlier this months. is this a problem and what should i do?
Where can I take a shower with some privacy?
If you thought r/berkeley could be depressing I have news...
Does anyone have a link for the list of stuff they're gonna giveaway at home football games this season?
How likely am I to get off the Chem 1A waitlist if I was waitlisted for a discussion time?
Drone video of Berkeley
California Resident Tuition
Fifteen percent. I give up from this school, I really do.
Math 53 Talaska whatever?
Berkeley Haas School's Latest Move To Address Diversity Controversy: Hiring Inclusion Officer
What can I do alone in/around Berkeley?
Waitlist and Swap questions
French 1: Recommendations?
2 dudes tried to take mine and another girl’s laptop at Romeo’s...happened this morning. That’s me grappling him. We tackled him and he got arrested, not sure about the other guy though... lesson is: be aware of your surroundings, bad people exist.
lol
Retaking lower division classes for math?
German R5A with Hoehn (Incoming Freshman)
Does anyone else have a message on CalCentral saying that they're subject to cancel for non-payment?
Looking for information about some clubs
Anyone know when additional scholarships for SHIP come out?
Updates to 5 Schools' 2019 Best Colleges Rankings Data
Pre-Haas/CS Freshman Fall 2019 Schedule Advice
How is everybody getting $200k+ offers?
NUSCTX 10 - Intro to Human Nutrition
Hi, so I'm an incoming freshmen wanting to declare a major in mathematics...
demogg 88 connector
Was my reaction justified?
Is my reaction justified, or am I just being too sensitive?
Difficulty of Math 1A with Paulin?
what do you do during cs labs? and is it feasible to go through a lab, lecture, and discussion back to back?
Best place to grab a beer and study/work?
back to back classes
Three years out, I still really miss Berkeley.
I’d like some advice for classes if you’ve got the time
Is there a course that teaches tableau?
when can we get the Spotify premium discount?
We got referenced in the new Zombieland trailer! But of course, for weed...
Stat 88?
Selling pictures in the Bay?
Career Survey (and earnings) Report of the 2018 Undergrad Class by Major reported by the Cal Career Center. How do you match up?
When Berkeley meets Zombieland (@1:32)
Please Read: Why Berkeley students should attend football games
can someone in english r1b pls drop i needa graduate thanks!!
Psychopath who works for the property owner at Urban Outfitters
URGENT: Italian 40 with Fuller
LDARCH 12??
“Activiate” Shipping to Amazon@ASUC
Is it normal for the Academic Progress Report not to be updated yet?
Adding CS 61A during adjustment
BBC: We have 18 months to save Earth from abrupt climate change.
German R5A with Paul Hoehn (Incoming Freshman)
UC Berkeley researcher Joel Moskowitz talks about the health risks of cell phone radiation
How many people get off the waitlists for R1As?
English R1A waitlist - should I attend the class?
Transcript is marked as received on Calcentral but got email saying Berkeley does not have my transcript
Are 4 back-to-back classes manageable?
3 back to back finals; how fucked am I?
Anyone know how upper division history classes are (in terms of workload, difficulty, etc.)?
How was your experience with French 1?
OCM Campus Packs
What happens if your waitlisted for a class and also enrolled in one and the times are the same but you get off the waitlist?
Which teacher should I choose?
Course plan for possible CS + Physics double major
UGBA 102A waitlist
Amount of work required for Anthro 3AC?
Package delivery address?
LS C30T - Discussion Waitlist
924 Gilman, metal/hardcore band Machinist! from Valdosta, Georgia! 7/25
Is this schedule advisable (incoming freshman)?
Looking for a private CS61B tutor during Summer. (Will pay)
Struggling with Depression + DSP?
waitlisted cs c8
Is switching labs/discussions easy for data 8?
IND ENG 190 series?
UGBA88 as a freshman?
Enrollment
Anthro 3AC or 2AC?
The politics of the city of Berkeley is making me depressed and lose hope in humanity
Should I drop Bio 1B for a WL position for Chem 1AL???
LGBTQIA+ students at Berkeley - anonymous feedback request!
What happens in the Film R1A discussion class? It’s 3 hours long!
CS 288 or nah
Maintainance Hole*
Back to back classes.
Math 16A Professor Tallaska
CHEM1A Waitlist
How is this for an incoming freshman schedule? Will I have time to myself? Thank you :))
Alternatives for Math 1B?
How doable is MCB 32 as a Freshman
I. Love. Enrolment
Freshman, Waitlist # 10 for Psych 1?
Consent of Instructor
summer class grade deadlines
Can someone give me a review of Geography 10ac with Kosek? How is it different from Geograph 10?
How does my schedule look for intended CS major??
Flixbus review?
Is an 8am class really that bad? Looking for some advice as what to expect from it :)
Can someone explain how waitlist works?
Feedback on freshman schedule (stressed)
WHY IS THIS SO STRESSFUL? CHEM1AL
Limits for phase 1
Math 1b filled
Snapped this drone picture at Berkeley last weekend
URAP/Research Abroad
All Sections Chem 4A full (CoC Chem Major)
waitlisted in a r1b class, chance of getting off?
CS 61a, Math 1B, an AC and a breadth. 15 units total. Is this too much? I kinda wanna have an enjoyable first semester LOL
How/where can you see what waitlist number you are? Thanks!
Is there a way to un-enroll?
How is Francis Christ as a Professor?
On the waitlist for Data 8. If I don't get in to the class by the time school starts, do I still show up to lecture or wait till I get added?
Math 53 with Tellaska or 54
Open Reserved Seats
Taking Chem 1AL the semester after Chem 1a
Freshman Seminars
R1B Waitlist
polsci 5 discussions closed but lecture waitlist still has spots?
How's my schedule: data 8, cs 61a, and ee16a with a decal.
What and how important exactly are these discussions?
Math 54 or 16B? Is AP Calc BC enough prep to take Math 54?
Unit cap
Can you get through Berkeley without buying or renting textbooks?
PLEASE HELP: How much more challenging is Psych W1 (online) to Psych 1?
What does this mean?
Didn’t get engin 25 what to do next?
r1a class
Can't see waitlist position? How to access course Roster?
Early morning lectures or early morning discussion sections?
col writ 75ac?!
How do I sign up for CWR R4A?
Waitlisted for some classes
waitlist for online class?
Wait list spot 70 CS70
Why does everyone hate the Frats?
What happens to a class with only 1 person enrolled?
So, someone got raped walking their dog at 7 am in People's Park yesterday
Anyone have a coffee setup?
Math 1B or 53 in adjustment
Financial Independence?
Can American Culture Requirement Be Fulfilled with an AP Test?
Sections being full? Help!
Exchange student
Not to be dramatic but Sonya Scott is RUINING MY LIFE
Internet Connection on Enrollment Day
are discussions/seminars mandatory
Enrollment Appointment Time Zone
is math 16A easy or hard to get as freshmen? I have late enrollment time
If I take, UGBA 10 this fall, will I do fine? Is it easy hard?? Thanks ;)
Reasonable schedule for incoming Econ transfer? Thanks!
Does Berkeley have any water stores?
Are classes such as Math 1A and Chem 1A guaranteed in Phase 1?
How bad is it to take an 8am course?
Pop punk fans who go to shows?
How terrible is minoring in computer science?
incoming mcb fpf fresh schedule help?
How do you overcome imposter syndrome at Berkeley?
Take calculus or not?
East Asian Majors retired, but do language specific majors still exist?
CS C8 *and* STAT 88 as a Freshman?
PROTEST IS PATRIOTIC. Visit fuckice.com to get your FUCK ICE shirt. 100% of profits are donated to San Diego Rapid Response Network and RAICES
Physics 5A Fall 2018 Problem sets
Easiest Breadth Courses to take with CS 61A + Math1B
Schedule feedback?
Do students get the Adobe Suite for free?
Does “Pass/No Pass” look bad on transcripts? Should I do it for my breadth courses?
Suggestions for a 4th class to take
UC Davis Shuttle
When can I buy a fall parking permit? Is it a good idea to buy one?
Is a 12:40 PM PST registration time horrible? Will I be able to get any of the 17-people R&amp;C B classes?
Critique my schedule; specifically naval science 3. Incoming freshman in l&amp;s
CS grad classes
CS 70 TA
If a class meets multiple breadth requirements am I done all of these requirements, or does it only count for one?
Is CS 61C a good class choice for a freshman?
Freshmen Class Choosing Question
Urgent question about registration
final exams re: labs
Math 10A
Skipping Classes with Credit: Physics 5A &amp; Math 1A/1B
Advicr for History 7A
German R5A
Reminder: Undergraduate Research program...
Participants Wanted for Research Study
If data 8 is open, but I'm on a waitlist for the discussion, would I still get the class?
CAN you opt out of a class waitlist
Is it a good idea to enroll in lab/discussion for one class in the same time slot as the lecture for another class (and then webcasting)?
Worth it to aim for Haas?
Useful newsletters and resources?
Is being a premed at UCB as bad as it’s made out to be?
Is anyone minoring in political economy?
Course Registration - "Shopping Cart" under Schedule Planner doesn't register change in discussion time?
MCellBi 90d(Russell Vance) vs 90e(David E Presti)
EECS minor as a L&amp;S CS Major?
Opinions on Com Lit classes? (50, 60AC)
Will tattoos hinder my ability to land internships or work on research?
Is anyone considering leaving UCB to go elsewhere?
Conflicting Times
Waiving out of SHIP?
Class listing no longer on course catalog
Waitlist for CS 61A and C8
Second Opinion on my Schedule
What GBO activities are mandatory?
SF, Berkeley, or Oakland Recommendations
Freshman class registration advice
Need input on Freshman schedule (Haas/Econ intend)
UC Berkeley's 2019-2020 acceptance rate is 16.8%
History 14?
Transfer Enrollment?
Last minute housing [female]
Taking compsci C8 without taking a connector course?
Where do I find my enrollment time (freshman)
What are the best L&amp;S breadths to take for a CS major
Freshmen Asking For Registration Tips
How shit is GBO?
In need of a fourth class
How likely is it to switch to a different discussion?
Why cant I enroll into stat 88??
Schedule
Class Registration
What’s up with Cheeseboard?
Petition AC requirement?
CS 61A, EE 16A, CS 70
Data 8 Midterm didn't go so well :(
Math 53 or EE16A?
Best Printer for Dorm Room?
I was able to register for 16 units during phase 1, is this a glitch? Transfer Student in L&amp;S
Anyone know anything about Joseph Napoli and Nutri Sci 10–the ratings aren’t that good but people disagree?
Trump is cracking down on China. Now UC campuses are paying the price.
Data 8 Waitlist?
Pre med first semester schedule advice
Thoughts on my potential freshman schedule?
Experience and recommendations for Japanese 1A: Elementary Japanese?
IMPORTANT: Hi, I’m looking to take Math 53 with Suncica Canic this Fall but I don’t see any ratings of her—how was she and the class? Thanks :)
Which classes do I P/NP?
Info on Econ 119?
Anyone find a wallet on Durant tonight?
Tasty farmer’s market finds in Berkeley?
AFX is annoying AF
Theater 10 audition
Why do some available seminars have no descriptions?
Where I can I practice a musical instrument?
I built a random confessions generator based on UC Berkeley Confessions
Need some insights on courses
Anyone have experience switching from FPF to the traditional pathway?
Dorm wifi
Clark Kerr Distance and Safety Questions
Does stat 134 need calculus?
Transportation at Berkeley
Truly.
Math 54 transfer
And sons/daughters of Chinese party members here? How are you supporting your country abroad?
STAT 88
When I see a golden bear outside of NorCal, should I shout "Go Bears"?
Math GRE Subject Test Prep?
is there a class about clouds
Thoughts on my schedule as an incoming freshman?
logic minor questions
Cal Founded Websites/Apps?
Study Abroad in Japan?
late change of schedule
Math 10A and HistartR1B difficulty?
Interesting/Easy L&amp;S Breadth Courses?
Need some bud willing to pay 40$ profit to whoever gets it
Schedule advice and opinon on S ASIAN R5A
CS 61A question (all feedback from CS majors appreciated)
Registration for classes
Join Our Movement to End Trump's Regime!
Bastille is playing The Greek Theatre on October 11th! Going to be sick
What hand motions are you supposed to do when yelling “go bears”?
Political economy schedule question
Classes advice
bookshelf size?
Which Major Should I Declare as A Transfer Student and A Pre-Law Student?
Which major should I declare as a transfer student and a pre-law student?
Anybody still looking for housing
Compass Courses (Hum 10)
UGBA 10 Professors
Berkeley bans natural gas ⛽️ in new homes
Transfer Schedule Help
Mac book pro vs air for cs major?
Am I allowed to be a part-time student during a Fall Internship?
Fall Internship
How to get into Berkeley Innovation / similar clubs?
Enrolling in discussion sections/labs
Incoming transfer schedule help
fResHmAN sCHeduLinG AdviCe
Must take Classes?
New transfer student, anyone want to kick it in august?
Schedule help (cognitive science transfer)
Kap was walking down Durant and telegraph yesterday and let me take a pic with him! Offered him a free pizza but he said he’s vegan now.
How do you get condoms at Berkeley Free Clinic?
Hairdresser in Berkeley
EECS major help
Bunk bed wall space in triple dorm rooms
EECS change of major
Schedule
tech internships &amp; facial piercings
What it’s like to be a Jewish student at a college with an anti-Israel reputation
Any recommendations for art classes/programs through Cal (or not)?
cs scholars decisions
How to drop a major?
Uc to uc transfer gpa
Should I participate in CS Scholars?
an odd dichotomy indeed.
Is it normal for the high school transcript deadline on CalCentral to not be fulfilled yet?
Stat 20- Ibser or Stoyanov????
What names can you call UC Berkeley?
Incoming UC students could see a tuition hike under new proposal
Is having too many P/NP bad?
Daily Cal: Dead body found in UC Berkeley classroom highlights need for sufficient homeless shelters, resources
Is CalCentral always that slow?
INTEGBI 35AC vs NUSCTX 10
CS 160
Does the feeling of not being good enough to be here ever go away?
Free Vaccines
Anyone who took CS C8: When and how do we choose our lab times, and how do the labs work? Thanks so much :)
I’m an incoming freshman with the latest possible enrolment time (2:20). Will most English classes (45A, 45B, Shakespeare etc.) still be available?
Are you required to sign GBO photo release?
Micro bio/ public health/ premed SCHEDULING HELP
UPDATED: Nostalgia Toy Survey - 2 mins max - thank you!
Some questions about taking Japanese language courses in Berkeley
Is there an In n Out near campus?
Anyone know if students have access to DataCamp's website?
UC Berkeley Ranked #1 Public University Once Again
Lessons from a Year of Work (Berkeley EECS '18)
First Year Language at Cal
How to internship for EECS/CS
Would it be possible to go straight to physics 7B if I have a 5 on physics C mechanics even though I’m in L&amp;S?
FPF and Main Campus Classes
When is the best time to send in resume for work-study?
What is work-study?
How worth do you think this commute is?
How doable is this course plan? (Applied Math transfer)
Best pad Thai???
Nostalgia Survey - Toys - 2 minutes max - Thank you!
Can someone tell me if this schedule is too hard? I’m doing a CS major and Physics minor
Math + CS Courses that Overlap
taking physics!
Do part-time on-campus jobs give you any retirement options?
Fitting In Class Schedules
UCLA Psychology student here, would love if you guys could take this quick survey on cannabis attitudes I am conducting for my clinical psych lab!
Painting of the school of metallurgy by Julia Morgan on Berkeley campus, drawn and painted by Patrick Mahar
Seeking Your Opinions
for those with cars...a street parking question
How do you get apply for a work study at the libraries?
Film Program
Has anyone ever felt super lost in terms of major/career path at Berkeley or wondered what the purpose of college even is?
CS 70 MIDTERM 1....
return to #1?
Genetics and Plant Biology math req
Does this schedule seem reasonable? Still figuring out how planning schedules really works, so any help would be greatly appreciated!
Dog policy in campus buildings?
Econ 101B Final Exam Conflict
Berkeley renames 'manholes' to be gender-neutral
What do you guys think of the latest Times Higher Education World University Reputation ranking?
What are some items for freshmen to bring when moving into the dorms that most people don’t think of?
If everyone in the U.S. went back to where they came from. Sociologist lays out bleak scenario.
Economics Major Advice + Probably Failed Econ 1 Midterm
Looking for People to Play Badminton With at RSF
History 30 (Mazzotti) &amp; Italian 40 (Fuller)
econ 136 without any previous econ?
Random Scholarship in my CalCentral?
Am I allowed to bring a mattress into my dorm room?
Berkeley first city in California to ban natural gas in new buildings
What VPNs work in the dorms?
Cal Transfer Admissions
Why is the Cal 1 Card named Cal 1 Card, and not just "Cal ID" or "Cal Card"?
Last night, Oakland banned facial recognition. Today, Berkeley is voting on it today at noon.
Math 1B
The UC Marvel Cinematic Universe DeCal is BACKKK!!!
The UC Marvel Cinematic Universe DeCal is BACKKK!!!
Lab classes in Berkeley
UC Berkeley students hold a “no whites allowed” day
ECON 100A/100B/101A/101B
Grace Hopper subsidy?
When do Berkeley freshmen find out who their roommates are if they went random?
How is working in Berkeley dining halls? Or what other work study job should I apply for?
Happy hours in Berkeley?
Looking to Start a Game Night
Waitlist #
How can I get through the gap time as a spring transfer?
Does the 1 Unit that CS Mentors give you count towards your 13 unit minimum for L&amp;S?
Languages at Cal
Cal is #25 in the 2019 top public universities that pay off most. Thoughts?
public health major
Any plans to offer Poker DeCal Fall 2019 semester?
Small earthquake nearby felt on campus ~1:10 PM
Visiting Students volunteering at library?
Anyone here taken IND ENG 142?
Any advice for transferring to UC Berkeley EECS from a California CC?
Berkeley City Council Considers Decriminalizing Psychedelics This W
Free Chegg for 4 months
Dimensions of Unit 1 Mini Suites
Bears around the Country and the World (Summer 2019)
How UC Berkeley compares with other top university in research &amp; development expenditures (you wish Berkeley had a medical school)
Thoughts on Hilfinger?
Giving up on on-campus housing, The Berk, and Co-Living
RSF
Martinez Commons Double Review / Feedback?
Cheap Rental Car Options for Move-In Day?!
CS70 Midterm 1
food discount apps other than snackpass?
CS Scholars
Need some advice regarding leasing from The Berkeley Group's new Prospect house
Don’t feel like continuing..
deciding between Society&amp;Environment in CNR and Urban Studies in CED
Anyone know of any coffeehouses with live music in the area?
Course load difficulty depicted by Tyler1
Fucked over by housing
Financial aid
What time does registration open on the 24th for classes?
Late Freshman AP Scores
Michelle Koerner
List of EE/CS books used at UC Berkeley
German r5A : Berlin the making of a modern city (or something along those lines)
football games
Classics R44 2018 Syllabus
Anyone a Bear EMT?
Thoughts on taking Psychology of Sleep or Drugs and the Brain as a freshman?
UGBA 10 as a freshman?
Berkeley’s “Summer Welcome Party” was when it suddenly hit me that I’m not going to be the best in my class anymore
Class registration date?
football season passes or tickets?
Why is the Psych W1 Su '18 grade distribution so deflated?
CS 61A in first semester after transfer? (Pre-Psych major)
If you’re a traditional pathway student, can you take a class through UC Berkeley extension? Thank you
Visiting campus from out of state Aug. 1-8th, anyone down to be a tour guide?
When/how do we meet our roommates?
Cannabis Consumption Survey
Foothill Wifi
Recruiting interview participants to help design a service that helps you have better relationships and a better life
Best way to get a driving licence?
Talaska Math 53?
Where’s the best hummus?
Tenant Rights Question
Math 1B: Pierre Simon or Francis Christ?
Overflow victims, how was moving again in December?
Good double major with Political Science?
Me after failing the first EE16A midterm
Me after failing the first EE16A midterm
What clubs should I join if I'm a 2nd year Econ/Stats major? consulting?
When do we sign up for Decals?
Naruto run enthusiasts, now you can put your skills to use.
Is SASE still active?
AMA: Berkeley Haas full-time MBA class of 2021 admit
Cheapest printing shop around campus (B&amp;W copies)?
Should I take calculus if I don’t need it, but it is protocol for my major?
Living Northside
EE16A Tutor over the summer
Is Abrubt Climate Emergency real?
Swap Requests
do all courses need a clicker
Is the MCU Decal good?
Is the Berkeley CS theory lunch open to undergrads?
Best phone plan in Berkeley area?
Albany dog beach clean-up
Lost FOB!
Help! Housing for 1-term transfer student?
Is there anyone here have CS 189 Intro to Machine learning homework set?
Giveaway iClicker
CHEM 4A difficult to enroll in?
Should I take Math 1 or Math 16
What do you know about “The Berkeley Group” management company?
Looking for a summer running buddy!
Any English Ph.D. people willing to answer a few questions?
History of American Religions (Hist 132C)
Ethernet in dorms
Two years ago, I enrolled in a breadth course based on the list of valid breadth courses from the previous semester. I just found out that the same semester I enrolled, they changed it to fulfill a different breadth. What do?
Till what date can you request a dorm switch
Value of a minor?
Lyons named Berkeley’s first chief innovation and entrepreneurship officer
Dutch 171AC as a freshman?
What was your UC Berkeley online extension experience?
Printer in the dorms
Quick Question
DeCal classes
Anyone here a Notion user?
Work-study
I'm a dumb freshman who needs dorm knowledge
Any freshman want to form a string quartet or some shit?
Virtual Internship Opportunity -- Read Below!
Anyone know when CS Scholars results come out?
Anyone here interning at Google?
Upcoming freshman sending Ap scores
Freaking out a little bit over course selection — electives vs. professional development
How do you use VPN for Netflix/Hulu abroad?
Foundations of Drawing for incoming freshman
Slavic 45 for an incoming freshman?
For anyone whp have taken CS C8 or Stat C8 with Ramesh Sridharan: How was the class and professor? Thanks :)
Math 1B vs 54
Has anyone taken the CS 9 series?
Question about Physics 7 vs Physics 5
Do we need to buy a mattress?
Another schedule advice post
How do the tech/entrepreneurship side of Berkeley co-exist with the socialism/anti-capitalist side of Berkeley?
Any nuclear engineering graduate students?
community college gpa
Bed Height?
GRE Prep: UC Berkeley Fall 2020
CryptoZombies | Lesson 1 Chapter 13
Changing major to MechE, how hard is it to get into the lower divs?
Does Bconnected VPN work in China?
café 3
does Bconnected VPN act as an actual VPN, or does it simply allow for remote access?
How can I waive the campus fee? The AC transit fee? Student services fee?
What happens when you waitlist a class with reserved seats?
Dropping a Class and Summer Aid
Looking to make new friends this summer!
Fall 2019 Schedule
late night concert on Telegraph?
Inclusivity, diversity, excellence.
Advice for a CoC freshman?
How big is a Clark Kerr Premium triple?
PhD student elective units.
Questions about CS courses from visiting students for 2019fall
How long do most graduate enigneeing programs last at berkeley?
Economics Transfer Question
How often do international students stay in the US?
How an adoptee's search for her birth mom reveals the dark history of Guatemalan adoption
Are psychology upper-division classes hard to get into if you're not declared?
For people looking to RA, here’s a list of basic questions to clarify with your supervisors:
Ever wonder if professors read posts on this subreddit?
Publisher Elsevier halts UC’s access to new articles
Why does Berkeley have such wacko politics?
Cooperative Living in Berkeley
discussion sessions
Elective suggestions
Should I do a double major of Chemistry with Compsci?
(Honestly) What are my chances of getting into UC Berkeley?
Is this a good freshman schedule?
SHIP Appeal Process
Actually interesting (not necessarily easy) AC classes?
Having trouble choosing between two schedules
Is the course listing on the DeCal webpage displaying for any of you?
Berkeley to consider prohibiting natural gas in new buildings
Class Cancelled, HELP
ECON 162 (The Chinese Economy)
Any good korean food places around Berkeley?
Is UGBA 10 fine to take in first semester freshman year?
Exam grade distributions for past cs70 semesters?
California has the 3rd lowest average IQ out of all US states....
Any clubs that gives you free food?
Applying to Berkeley Soon, Questions Regarding Tuition
Fall 2019 Math H54 prof
Summer in Cal - What’s interesting to do?
Transfer Student Taking STAT 134 &amp; MATH 54
Concurrent Enrollment Help!!!
Joining clubs at Berkeley?
Freshmen With Housing Question
Econ 140 Resources?
Clubs/Teams for IEOR incoming major?
GRE
Math 53 resources and advice
would anyone find it useful if I make a website for students to find others who want to do similar things as them?
Psych major?
Online C/C++ IDE that automatically diagnoses segfault
Summer 2019 - Math 54 - Linear Algebra and Differential Equations
Summer 2019 - Math 54
What address at Cal do my scholarships send the money to?
MCB 219 research review
Online/CC courses to waive R&amp;C A and B (pre-haas)
Feedback on Haas + DS Minor Transfer 2 year plan
Incoming student at cal, when is the best time to start applying for work studies jobs?
Pictures of New Sequoia Apartmenst in Berkeley Ca
Realized my class never got dropped during summer, anything I can do now?
Any regrets as a freshman at Berkeley?
Just got offered a transfer to a Blackwell Hall Premium Double. Question is, what is a "Premium Double"?
Cafes ?
Has anyone taken Econ 100A in the summer with Scott Carson?
Experience with the class - Transitioning to Cal: An Introduction to the Research University for Transfers One Unit; Pass/Not Pass?
Just got my AP scores back and I'm not sure about what's gonna happen.
incoming L&amp;S with a 4 on BC trying to skip Math 1B...
Just got my AP scores back and I'm kinda nervous
RankingResults.Net | Professional SEO Agency | Rank Your Website Now!
Channing Bowditch Apartments or Blackwell Dorms?
Economics Exam Studying Advice
Rushing in a STEM major
Math 53 College of Chem
The best way to get organized for coursework
How many total double rooms (units)?
Chances of Becoming an Arts Reporter at Daily Cal?
When do we learn who are roommates are?
Places for quiet coffee date in Berkeley?
Part time intern at fall？
espm 50ac questions
Music 29 over summer
How do I get to CoC required online advising session?
Any media studies or rhetoric alumni/majors here? New transfer with some questions
What outdoor activities are there to do at Berkeley?
How do you get a job at any of the boba shops?
Shipping to foothill
Does CC grade matter for Haas app?
Out of state fees for 2019-2020 undergrad?
Please help...
participation credit in classes
Monthly bus pass cost for recent cal grad?
A good friend of mine in Berkeley posted this article for my app! Just take a quick read if u want 😊
EECS junior building a Tinder for fetishes (serious)
Mostly Bus Pass Bus Pass Cost for Recent Berkeley Grad?
Why is UC Berkeley's donation rate so low?
Recommend a course for me?
best english r1a teachers??
Anyone able to fight their way into their major?
berkeleytime website blocked?
How do I understand recursion?
What are some Easy R1A’s?
Bringing a desktop to the dorm room?
Best boba?
Difficulty / Time Commitment / Grading style of Physics 151 (Special Topics)
What's the helicopter doing?
BerkeleyTime Down?
[CS Major Appeal] how long did it take for your decision to come out?
CS class to take to learn Big Data methodologies?
How to find out if a student goes to Cal?
Thanksgiving 2019
Retroactive Summer Drop
Need a PDF of Science of Nutrition 4th Edition
Popular side jobs?
What's preventing the merger between Berkeley and UCSF?
Best barber place for guys at Berkeley?
Can econ 140 be taken before econ 100b?
Dating atmosphere at Cal
Withdrawing from Berkeley Summer Session
Anyone has Cisco AnyConnect instruction page?
Civil Engineering Geosystems Masters
Would a triple major be worth it?
I wish I was in EECS
Why is there a hand sanitizer dispenser on top of the big c??
Music 29 over summer
Dance teams?
Cal Free and for Sale FB group
Drop deadline
Dress Code
War! poli sci class
AP score wasn’t what I expected lol
Earthquake safety
About late drop in Summer Session
Berkeley Haas officially integrates "woke-ness and privilege checking" into its MBA application process
Is a double major worth it at Berkeley (Haas &amp; Econ)?
Unit 2 Triple vs. Unit 1 Triple Minisuite
Beautiful City Of Oakland Filmed With Drone | 4K
Freshman CS/Data Science Schedule (any advice/changes to be made?)
Unit 3 Suites?
Which classes should i prioritize in Phase 1?
Martial arts options???
Is it possible to complete two minors?
CS major declare first semester schedule
Which Democratic candidates do Cal students support the most?
Summer Courses
What do you do if all discussion sections for a course conflict with your other classes?
Transferring to Berkeley from another UC
Confused about Phase 1 and Phase 2 for Transfers
Haas Undergraduate Admissions Question?
THIS SUNDAY: If you care about eating better, improving the sustainability of our planet, or you just love great food....
Classes for an incoming ChemBio major?
Tdil: why there are so many blondes in California
How do you guys find teams to join for rec leagues like flag football?
Final Transcript Overdue?
Thinking about joining boxing team, how physically safe would it be?
What is Talaska like for Math 53?
Can I take Physics 7B or other lower div courses abroad?
Rolling up in August with our summer bods
Resolving a task on CalCentral
Should I skip physics 7a?
This Saturday I'll likely be purchasing a car from a place in Albany. Was wondering if there are any good mechanics in your general part of the bay (not just city limits) that open SATURDAY and that you'd trust to thoroughly inspect a used car.
Japanese at Berkeley
Happy Fourth of July!!!
Buses help!
Anyone else studying for the GRE? Or need an MCB 102 summer study buddy?
Squash, anyone? (I'm a beginner!)
What coffee shops do you like to go to get work done?
Visiting student, coughing and some blood, where can I see doctor?
Is RSF open on the 5th?
I'm studying in Europe and want to do a semester abroad at Berkeley. Is there such a program?
CS 61C + CS 70C + R1B
Access to a piano?
If I barely passed 61B but do good in 61C, will I catch up on everything I missed out on?
How much time commitment is math 191?
Courses Needed for FT SWE?
Why is 4th of July celebrated in the morning?
Covered California vs SHIP
Are any buildings on campus open to the public today?
SHIP Waiver Denied
Good vegetarian places to eat?
Does and AP Lang/Lit test count as one of two AP exams that can be used to satisfy a lower div HSS course in engineering?
Where are people going to see fireworks tonight?
Does CS 10 really prepare you well for CS 61A??
Is the Berkeley Free and For Sale Facebook group appropriate to sell barely used streetwear (bape, undefeated, off-white, etc)
Odd Freshman Housing Situation
[research at cal]
Is this a good housing deal?
Are football/basketball season tickets actually $74 right now?
How much of Math 53 relies on Math 1B?
Why is almost all of the seminars full?
Will I Get Rescinded?
Chem 96, Intro to Research, is for freshmen in CoC right?
Help needed. Incoming Freshman. Thanks!!
How to get hired as a uGSR?
Berkeley ranks #1 in associate professor pay ($130,525) out of all US colleges
Olympic Lifting at Berkeley
Giveaway!! We are giving away 50 units of Phantom Wireless Earbuds sample to get the consumer's response on the product quality. [Claim yours before it runs out]
Do Unit 1 dorms have full length mirrors?
Questions from an incoming international student
Should I waive SHIP?
Fans of Hip Hop? I have tickets for DJ Nu-Mark from Jurassic 5 Jul 19
Backgammon Players
You can view your AP scores early on calcentral!!
What classes should i take as a chemE?
I sent the college transcript late, how fucked am I
Would anyone please be interested in talking about Berkeley to a bunch of stressed seniors applying next year?
Disagreement w my roommate regarding which bed to use??
Zoophile gang?
Does Berkeley have a Pokémon go discord server?
Is there a way to get out of r1b without meeting the requirements?
Insurance SHIP Waiver
Intro to French to take besides French 1?
If you care for the truth of this world, watch this video
food delivery, the old fashioned way?
DATA 8 + CS70
How do you deal with not having your pet with you?
Dance Dance Revolution Machine(s) Nearby
New student here! Anyone know where to buy scantrons and blue books?
work study limit
Where to find sublet for 2nd half of summer?
Astro C10
Do they check ID at the undergraduate career fair?
What to expect during move in day?
Physics 49
Why isn't Cal 1 Card instead called Cal Card? Replacement fee increases from $25 to $35
Party life
TAP Application Process for Cal
Best performing arts breadth class?
Civil engineering modules
Co-ops and Transfers
GPA
Student Survey: What would you like to see change at Berkeley?
Professional frats?
UC Berkeley Administration Reclassifies Economics as STEM Major
CS advice
Missing a deadline
Did I actually graduate?
Does anybody know what is with the hype around Econ being a STEM major on the Berkeley Edgy Teens page?
Best views around / near campus?
Does CS162 usually have a final with David Culler?
Momday memes
English R1B or breadth/AC/RC course suggestions?
AP scores?
Syllabi for Transfer students
How hard are the job interview questions?
Final Assignment Rejected?
Alum returning after a decade - what should i show my kids?
Bikes! Do a lot of people use bikes on campus to get to class?
Math 54 vs Math H54
Bicycle storage?
CS88 + CS C8, then CS61B
STAT 88 + CS 88 MUST be taken w/ CS C8?
STAT 88 + CS C8, then stat 134
Does Spanish 25 cover R1A or R1B requirement?
Alternatives to MacBook
Looking for fairly active students on discord!
Thoughts on L&amp;S CS Plan of Study
UGBA 106 STUDY.NET user
Submitted GBA Final Assignment Late
AP Scores on CalCentral?
TRANSCRIPTS!
Pros and Cons of having a Body Pillow on a Twin Bed?
Adobe products
Help with my schedule (IEOR major)
How safe is BART at 7pm+ during the summer?
(Incoming freshman) I applied for Political Economy but I just noticed in my CalCentral it says (see picture) I’m in letters and sci undeclared. Is this a mistake or do I seriously have to apply into my major again? I double checked on my UC application and it says I applied for Political Economy.
Locally famous comedian starts YouTube news comedy show. What a drunk.
How is Francis Christ for math 1B
For those who took the UC Entry Level Writing Exam
Take CS 294-155 Law and Cryptography as a freshman?
Which bed is best in a triple?
Has anyone taken math 1B with Pierre Simon
Med School Chem Sequence Courses
Has anyone been left with only 1 class left to graduate?
Waitlists in class with open seats
Trying to switch to contact lenses once I start school at Berkeley. Anyone has past experience with this?
Stat 140 Phase 2
Two language classes
Should I take an additional course on top of Math 53, CS 61A and EE16A? (EECS Freshman)
Berkeley Events, Clubs, and Academic Calendar for Google Calendar
The oldest ship in the world
Should I take a breadth/R&amp;C/AC/DeCal on top of Math 53, CS 61A and EE16A as an incoming EECS Freshman?
dumb question about berkeleytime - many classes already enrolled
Students who worked since the first semester on campus/off campus. How was/is your experience? Is it doable?
Pre- Study Abroad Requirements to fulfill @ Berkeley
But a car?
Microwave/Mini-fridge
Just came to Berkeley and will be here solo for 3 months. Where's the best pizza, running trails, fluffy pancakes?
Summer martial arts?
How Kamala Harris' experience with school busing shaped her life
iPad Pro or MacBook?
What time do clubs/activities start?
does music 20a fulfill the arts and literature breadth?
Any advice/thoughts on my schedule as an incoming L&amp;S CS major? Anything is appreciated, thanks!
Anyone taken classes with the astronomy/physics professor Uros Seljak?
What are my chances of getting in to CS170 this fall?
Question about DeCals
Any advice on my schedule? Much appreciated!
Anyone taken MCELLBI 55: Plagues And Pandemics? Is it interesting/worthwhile?
Best mobile apps for students?
Do you need to know circuits to take EE120 Signals and Systems
Can we just get rid of Berkeley Time?
High demand majors
Does this seem like a reasonable schedule? (Incoming L&amp;S CS freshman). Thanks!
Applied Math major need help building a schedule for fall semester
CS61B and Math 1B in same semester?
Any rhetoric majors? (Thinking of transferring)
First semester schedule for an econ major?
A watercolor of Normandy Village, by me, 2019
Math 54 or EECS 16A?
schedule feedback
schedule feedback
Chem 1a/1al or Physics 8a?
Summer 1 unit courses? Public policy graduate classes?
Berkeley moves to the forefront in California political polling
Need advice on Pre-Haas/Econ Freshman Schedule
Urgent question pls help
Math 1a or 1b
stat c8?
What to do in the bay area for 4th of july?
BerkeleyGoneWild?
Go Bears
November 10th, 2018 - 15-14
[lowkey urgent] R&amp;C requirement??
Financial Aid and Fafsa
What is a good enrollment time? incoming freshman
How many units do you guys typically take in a semester?
Enrolling in Math 16A with late enrollment time - what should I expect?
Solutions to past CS 170 homework
Incoming freshman schedule help and advice
What's the difference between various R&amp;C's with different numbers?
Potential Course Load
Incoming freshman course selection, any suggestions?
Golden Bear Advising &amp; Chemical Engineering Classes
Undergrad research in theory cs
Foothill double suite
class schedule advice
Light 4 unit UD classes
Has anyone gotten into Berkeley as "Financially Independent?" (And gone through the one year of verification?)
Recommendations
when you know you just f**cked everything in the exam
Freshman CS Schedule Advice
Thoughts on living in Unit 1 Cheney Hall?
Question about CS course selection
Can I save one graduation requirement for the summer after my senior year and study abroad?
How is this schedule? Manageable? Applied math major, hoping to explore CS/Data Sci too. STEM background. Not that big on humanities. Would appreciate some help on this!!
Substituting EE16A with Math 54?
Waiving Math 1A
CivE Undergrad Scheduling Question
Will I get rescinded for poor grades in a CC class?
Does anybody else hear construction on/near telegraph right now?
CS 61A minimal Python experience?
Any thoughts on my first semester schedule?
what shoes did you bring to cal?
Internationals during summer session
EMT/CPR Training
Outside Courses?
Help with choosing classes for an incoming freshman!
Parchment transcript :/
How to Unsubscribe to Vice Chancellor Emails?
Incoming freshman meche major looking for schedule feedback
cs kids are crazy
Any good L&amp;S college advisors?
Freshmen Schedule Confusion
Not Enrolling in CS61A During Phase I? (L&amp;S Intended CS Major)
Have you seen this guy?
Math 1A or 1B or 53?
Recommended R1B Classes? Help w Freshmen Scheduling?
DAE BERKELEY PRESTIGE?!
Any suggestions for a good Arts &amp; Literature Breadth?
Freshman Schedule
What would you like to see in the Bears Lair?
CS 61A + CS 70 + L&amp;S W1 over Summer?
financial aid
Course selection tips for incoming freshman?
AP Credit for Computer Science Natural Science Elective Requirement
Should I bother taking DATA 100 and CS 188 if I’m going to take CS 189 eventually?
No instructor listed in schedule planner?
Can you enroll in classes with the same final exam schedule?
does a late enrollment time mean i will probably not be able to get any of my 1st choice classes?
Moffitt Essentials?
Minor Lower Div Requirements
Was CS 61A difficult if you had prior Python programming experience?
EE16B Materials
Is Berkeley trending up or down in terms of prestige/rankings vs other top universities
How hard are the "The Craft of Writing" classes?
Question about course selection incoming freshman
Question for my fellow incoming freshmen
Incoming Freshmen wondering about EE 16A
Transcript Error
Is Unit 2 NAT'd?
Anthro c12 ac (espm c22ac) vs Anthro 2 ac vs Anthro 3 ac ?
Non-STEM grads! What's the best way to get a good paying job after college? I have a few friends who went into retail or low-paying admin work.
Math 53 Question
Why is everyone in the administrative office always annoyed?
The General Aviathon Hackathon Opportunity!
Math 16b/calc inquiry
Design innovation/design courses at cal?
Annual limit on counseling through SHIP health plan?
How does an NP affect your transcript...
Is a bike at Berkeley worth it?
Hey guys, I'm really excited to go to Cal but I have a few questions because what I hear on this subreddit has me worried
Why does Berkeley have impacted majors?
CS study places..
Where are the free libraries in campus?
[SCHEDULE ADVICE] Incoming freshman intended CS major in L&amp;S
Confused about Chem 1AL schedule
Man found dead at Durant and Fulton
Anyone want to form a team for the NBA Hackathon?
Neither is a good diet, which is why my blood is currently Boba
Bored? Guide me through Stats 1.
2/3 employees regret their degrees.
Where can I get Korean groceries?
Best stat professor(s)
CS 70 Alistair Sinclair and Yun S. Song lectures
Schedule Help
Reusable straws?
Incoming freshman intending Math/Econ double major scheduling help
New Bay Area Music 7-11 Jesus NEW ALBUM
Courses help
Most expensive housing?
Berkeley Political Review?
CalCentral Doesn't work! HELP!
How much student loan debt do you have?
This is the last call before major end time events begin to happen
Honestly, the piano at Sproul is the best thing to happen to Berkeley in the past few years.
Berkeley's Bearettes are the first majorette-style dance team in the UC system
CS 61A ---&gt; CS 61B
List of chapters Chem 4A covers?
Transcript not received?
Should I skip Math 1A and go directly to 1B?
Krav Maga in Berkeley?
Best R1B class to take
Has anyone tried Yosemite Card? It says 10% cashback only for us with berkeley.edu
Freshman that needs advice on classes
ICE agents reported at Berkeley City College
How doable is double majoring in CS and Econ/Business
Homeland Security agent comes to Berkeley City College
Academic calendar
Class recommendations for upcoming philosophy transfers? Thanks!
Skipping classes without exam results yet?
What would be the impact of UC Berkeley was tuition-free? Should it be tuition free?
How is ASAMST W20AC?
Math 54 textbook solution
I’m a freshman this fall, what are some easy, but fun breadth classes I should look into signing up for my first semester?
Does anybody have the math 54 pdf?
4 Week Breadth Course at BCC
What’s a good/fun American Cultures class to take?
Transferring to a rhetoric major?
Student Rec Center job testing
Class Schedule Help (Do you guys think this is a good schedule + any advice for the classes I picked?)
Math 1B or Math 53
Anyone taken Human Biological Variation? Was it a worthwhile/interesting class?
Help me pick 3 credit breadth course please I'm totally lost
Is EECS more hardware-based or software-based?
Math 16B or 1B?
Is there a UC Berkeley Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (or just Jiu Jitsu) club? Are they practicing over the summer?
2.5 Year Plan for Econ Major? Would this really work? Am I an idiot?
Self-studying CS61A in a 2 week break before college - too ambitious?
Can I finish my major prerequisite the spring before transferring?
Two math classes as a Freshman?
Does Anyone Have the Math 53 textbook pdf?
Does a 5 on AP Lit exempt us from R&amp;C part 2 for L&amp;S?
Telegraph Commons review
How does Preferred Name on CalCentral Work?
When will I hear back after submitting an update form?
Best way to self-study for CS 152?
Campus jobs for visiting summer class student?
Advice on pre-reqs for haas and econ
Where are all the vending machines?!
Breadths and Reading and Composition B course suggestions
Transfer Living in Residence Halls
Confused sophomore abouth repeating a course
Fall Schedule Help
Does anyone know of easy upper division anthropology courses to take or know of good professors to take anthro courses from?
honors research with GPA lower than cutoff
Anyone doing CS on Linux ever had any issues
On skipping Calculus
Conflicted Incoming Freshmen Seeking Advice
Opinions on First Semester Courses
Schedule help
Freshmen super lost on signing up for classes
High school transcripts Processing Time
cancelling student housing contract?
Will Math N54 fulfill the same reqs as Math 54 taken in the spring/fall?
Did they ever catch that guy who put cameras in the bathroom?
By when do I need to select my courses for next year?
Would this schedule be too technical? (Data Science major)
Freshman Schedule Advice. Would appreciate any help!
Upcoming freshman's schedule
Why doesnt Berkeley have courses that teach *skills* rather than theory?
Opinions on the International House
Is doing Data 8 possible over this summer?
Good first semester schedule for ChemE?
Which UGBA 100-107 classes are typically the hardest/easiest?
Looking for an interesting Philosophy Breadth. Phil 2: Individual Morality &amp; Social Justice or Phil 3: The Nature Of Mind?
Boba discussion
Best deal for housing you’ve seen?
Declaring Polecon as a Major
Anyone taken the VR decal? What was your experience?
MCB vs IB for a pre med transfer
Double Econ and Haas Undergrad Major?
Anyone have access to Pearson online learning for free?
Incoming transfer student in a 'useless' major
How is this schedule in terms of difficulty and workload for a haas/econ freshman?
How Should I Study Chem 4A?
Did psych 1 get smaller?
honors and Dean's list
Physics 7A or 5A+5AL for EECS?
Anyone here take SASIAN 140 or NUSCTX 10?
Is the Heuristic Squelch still around?
Freshman schedule help
Current Haas undergrad here - do you have questions about the program/applying?
Hi Smash Bros. fans! I’m selling some of my Nintendo GameCube equipment. Most of these items are rare and hard to find (expect prices over 50 for one but everything 100 or less). Pickup in Fullerton only. I hope you find one you’ll enjoy! Message for closeups and prices!
CS Majors @ Berkley - Anyone have dead end code projects that they want to sell?
Please take my survey on audio transcription and be in with a chance to win a $200 Amazon voucher.
EECS student surveying credit card usage among Berkeley students
Reese Witherspoon's daughter is a sophomore at Cal, and she's partnered up with Amazon for tbh idk what. The article mentions Cal is all I got from it.
Reese Witherspoon's daughter it a sophomore at Cal, and she's partnered up with Amazon for tbh idk what. The article mentions Cal is all I got from it.
Question about Golden Bear advising
The pinned threads are not working
Where/how can a Latina girl meet cute asian guys? (serious)
Do they actually care if I bring my own microwave and fridge to the dorms?
Suicide Squad 2: CS + Astrophysics in 4 years edition
Is this schedule too heavy for freshman fall?
What's your opinion on evening class (running past 8 PM)?
What's your opinion on evening classes (running past 8 PM)?
UC Berkeley concurrent enrollment?
Getting into psych 1?
Is this a good prehaas schedule?
Berkeley helps to push back against excessive California court fees and fines
WHAT HAPPENING TP PEOPLE'S pARK
On choosing the right R1A
What happens in lab classes for EE16A?
Would someone be willing to offer feedback on my first-semester freshman schedule?
Online research study about attitudes toward marijuana use
Simultaneous degree GPA
social question
Is this schedule do-able time-wise?
Breadth or AC Requirement without papers
Advice for Freshman (Intended Physics major)
Graduate in 3 years? L&amp;S CS OOS Student
How to get a second bachelor's degree? (serious)
I don’t know what to do
Anyone have experience with APATH? (Asian Pacific American Theme Housing)
Soooo how bad would it be if I bring my pink hello kitty PJ set that I actually wear all the time to Berkeley with me?
Freshman schedule
Can someone give me a rundown of COMPSCI 189 for Summer Semester?
Freshman scheduling
How many units were you able to enroll in during phase 1?
Transitioning Back to Berkeley
[Apartment] Noise Problem
Easiest Breadth Courses
Does my GPA from community college count?
Weather at Cal?
Transfer student worried about housing
UC Berkeley Dismissal
Financial Aid if Under 13 units?
I’m posting this here too since UCBMFET has denied my last two fantastic memes and it made me sad
Easy Ways to get 1-2 units
Assigned Housing at Stern Hall (Possible transfer?)
Summer On-Campus Housing Roommate
Symphony Orchestra Difficulty/Time Commitment?
Dead body found in downtown Berkeley
Any surprises, good or bad, or things you wish you would have known regarding UC Berkley student health insurance?
Democratic Debate Rooftop Watch Party
For an incoming freshman on the pre-haas / econ route, does this schedule seem about right in terms of workload and difficulty? I am trying to maintain a very high GPA and take the easiest L&amp;S breadth courses.
16A Textbook
Enrolling in a class with reserved seating
Anyone smell smoke in South Berkeley last night?
Foothill Triple Suite
What’s your guys’ favorite Berkeley memory?
How are the upper division bio courses if I come to UCB as a transfer student(premed)?
A question about CS61A LAB/DIS schedule
Frat+MechE
L&amp;S CS Transfer Schedule
UC Berkeley financial aid bureaucracy threatens students' education, mental health
Chinese 1A?
EE classes for different career goals
Ok people who like playing videogames and/or have a gaming pc, did you have time to ever game and were you able to bring your pc up with you? (I really would like to bring my pc up with me just cause I don't have a laptop)
Adding Classes
Math 54 Professor
Planning on graduating Cal as a sophomore, need some advice?
I got an A+ in CogSci 131(Computational Models of Cognition) and I still don't know anything..
Does this seem like a reasonable first semester? (Incoming MechE freshman - 15 units) - Thanks!
College of natural resources
Anyone ORMS?
College of Chem to College of Engineering
Incoming English Major
Can I use the gym over summer?
math 110 without any linear algebra experience
Importance of CS 70 in industry swe
Gradescope code for 61B Spring 2019
What should I major in (can ppl look at my courses as well) in the fall semester?
R5A courses (German, Italian, Scandinavian etc) for first semester of freshman year and help regarding course schedule for first sem
CG G-8 Certification
Homes for Sale in Glendora Country Club
Rescind chances
Golden bear week parties
Summer class sugesstions (CS/Math)?
class scheduling - theory vs. practice?
Postdoc at Berkeley: Live Alone or Room with Randos?
UCSD to Berkeley Transfer?
Incoming freshman scheduling question
S Permit Lots
Wondering about my classes
STAT 89a or MATH 54
Dear Chinese born students: You are not wanted
Stat 131a and Stat 133 for EECS major
Should I change my major from Haas to Data Science?
Cs 160 summer 2019 final
New Sex on Tuesday - ”Out, loud and vocal”
Schedule Question
UC Berkeley Stickers [LINK IN COMMENTS]
CAL Stickers! [LINK IN COMMENTS]
Clothes to wear?
fpf schedule?
Summer Session Parking
Econ 136 over summer difficulty (with Patlolla)
Cal Hunting Club
Entry level writing
Cal1 ID Card
$25,000 Cash Prize Data Science Competition in SF Bay Area - UC Berkeley Students Invited!
Should I stay extra semester to go for CS minor?
Incoming Freshman Schedule - Nutritional Science and Toxicology Major on the Pre Med Track
Is Data 8 a harder class than CS 10?
Is Calcentral blocked in China?
First they sent me an automated message telling me to email the same place I just emailed if I had any questions, then they get my name wrong :/
Feedback on Sociology Transfer Schedule??
World Meetup Day Anyone?
Adobe Research and UC Berkeley: Detecting Facial Manipulations in Adobe Photoshop
I am doing a survey for a statistics project about food trucks in the Bay Area. It would be really helpful if you would answer it.
Help with CS Lecture Videos
Advice on FPF Schedule
GPA listed on CS related internships.
Is it normal to get 0 schedules with any padding
Has anyone here transferred into Berkeley for Civil Engineering ?
Chem Freshman: Should i take physics 5A or 7A?
How to overcome judgement on your major and career path?
Recommended summer classes?
Taking Econ 1 in the first semester
Golden Key Honor Society?
Could anyone give me some insight into what classes/teachers I should grab as an incoming MechE major. Here is my tenative schedule, should i pile more on?
Rescind grades (extenuating circumstance)
CS GPA cutoff difficulty
Should I take Chem 1A 1AL or Bio 1B to fulfill COE's natural science requirement?
Halibut Fishing in the Bay Area with Gatherer Outfitters
Can you please share your opinion on this schedule for an EECS freshman? Is it doable?
Sooooooo how’s this schedule lookin for an incoming freshman? I’m just want to live until the end of the semester
CS 61A vs ENG 7
Math110 + CS188 Summer Difficulty
Best math 54 professor?
Question regarding hawkins 100b
Am I “missing something”? Schedule help (Freshman)
Warning! Do not go to Campus Dental Care for dental services.
SHIP
Theater 10 - how hard to get in?
Alistair Sinclair CS 70 videos?
Work Study Job Insight [IMPORTANT]
Fairness in Planning — Re-weighted Range Voting and the Berkeley City Council
Double Degree (COE &amp; L&amp;S)
BMOE (Ind Eng 192) waitlist?
Non-Major Classes
Is this schedule okay?
Guidance for freshman year first semester courses. Would highly appreciate some feedback.
I may have to divorce my wife
What are the best places near campus to use a fake ID?
Potential Schedule for confused cs intending freshman?
Amazon Echo in dorms?
How long does Berkeley take to process outside financial aid?
Schedule Feedback for a confused L&amp;S freshman intending to do CS? (see comment)
Good Car Mechanic in Berkeley?
Howdy y'all
I see a dozen people doing this every day. Is it not against the law? Can I save money?
Major Compare Sheet for Multiple Majors
Anyone here play Old School Runescape? I just logged back on after 3 years. Looking for people to play with. USN: lulzcakes
What are some solid internet service providers southside?
Feedback for freshman year first semester courses
Visiting: places to sit and work in the afternoon/evening
Breadth Requirement Question from a Prospective Poli Sci Major!
Acceptable course load for freshman (intended physics major) or nah
does this schedule look good for freshman year fall? is it too easy? (13 units)
Question for some of the older Bears about CalSO back in the day
Schedule Help &amp; Back to Back Classes
Is there a limit on how many community college/ap credits used to waive GEs in l&amp;s (incoming freshman)?
Did I choose the right school?
Calcentral tasks are still showing as incomplete even after completing them?
Can you double Minor?
Questions about bike lockers on campus
CS 61A &amp; Data 8 (Summer 2019)
Does anyone else use the Berkeley Career Network?
Internet?
Easiest R&amp;C Part A Course
Which breadths and seminars would you recommend for an incoming freshman?
I forgive the guy who stole my phone
Are there any special events for The Leadership Award recipients?
EECS upper div courses
Going on a date with someone - suggestions for location!
does anyone know what ever happened to Triangle Man?
Learning an instrument
Is it a good idea to have a class probably will be teaching by a graduate student in English Department?
Climbing over the summer
Where to exchange foreign currency?
Engineering: Do all lower division requirements before upper div classes?
Cogsci Major here, does this look manageable schedule wise? (FPF)
PSA: If I catch anyone throwing eggs at cars, you will be fucked up.
How easy is it to switch majors at Berkeley?
How to buy I-house meal plan
I'm taking FPF this fall and was wondering if anyone has taken American Languages (XLINGUI 55AC)
Shipping stuff to dorms
Visiting for the second time. help me find this sandwich spot i loved
Odd double major
MCB Math Question?
Any Pre-Dental Students that could help a junior who's interested in dental school?
Confused about phase 1 and 2
Anyone here have trouble finding people to code side projects with?
Anyone here in CHAOS (Cal Hiking and Outdoor Society)?
MCB C112
Camp Gnarly Skate Board Event.
Taking together lower div cs classes
Golden Bear Advising Final Assigment
Would I be rescinded for this?
On-campus summer study spaces (non-restaurant/cafes)
Foreign​ Language requirement question.
Favorite CED classes?
Advice about the CS Major Appeal Process
Freshman Scheduling Help!!!
For students, do you feel like UCB makes you dense by overly focusing on career objectives?
For alumni, do you regret not utilizing your skills more broadly?
How do IB credits work at Berkeley
Experiences at Berkeley I-House
How to socialize/make new friends during summer?
Should i follow the chemE suggested sequence or courses?
Who are the best Engineering Professors to take? What classes did they teach?
buy youtube subs
Clark Kerr pros/cons
The oldest stove in the world
UC Entry Writing Requirement
Will I get rescinded?
math w53 weekly workload
Financial Aid question
Suicide Squad 2: 61B + 61C + 70
Most important classes for a hopeful quant?
Medical Clearance on eTang
Is E98: The Insider's Guide to Berkeley Engineering worth it?
Can meat eaters be cancelled?
Freshman Summer Reading?...
Transportation from SF airport to campus
Best statistics class to take as a physics/math major?
Summer GSR stipend amount
Anyone else having issues with Cal's Creative Cloud subscription?
CS162 summer session. Looking for teammate
I was harassed and threatened by a dude claiming to be the owner of Urban Outfitters
How difficult is it for you to have a 10+ hours a week job while being a full time student?
How to get into Berkeley FB groups?
Anyone knows when is the last day that wait-list decisions will come out?
Would it be possible to switch major as a transfer to Econ or Data Science? I finished prerequisites at CC for both
Ask Me Anything: I'm a Berkeley senior 1. transfer 2. media studies major 3. international 4. co-oper
Ask me anything: I'm a Berkeley senior and 1. transfer 2. international (Korean) 3. media studies major 4. co-oper
If my roommate group has 2 people but we were put in a triple, how do we find out who our 3rd guy is?
Choosing classes for next semester
Do I need a 3.0 for spring and winter individually or 3.0 combined gpa(conditions of admissions)
Do you still have to order the microfridge for yourself for blackwelll or is it complimentary/you dont need to request it
FAFSA VERIFICATION
If in the housing portal it still just says “submitted” is it safe to assume I didn’t get anything?
incoming chem major in CoC (premed)
Thoughts on in-dorm microwave+fridge?
Haas school to consider "diversity score" in MBA admissions
Incoming freshman in Engineering (IEOR) rn, want to switch to (EE)CS.
A new ranking lists Berkeley as the No. 1 public school in the world for funded founders
CS @ CAL
Rescinded?
Credits for Pre-fulfilled Requirements
Homeless - Seeking mutual relationship
Jerry Brown is coming to Berkeley!
Stat 88?
Summer session drop deadline?
Bcourses dashboard
Anyone here play ToonTown and/or going to ToonFest in Phillie?
Which Stat 20 Professor Should I Take in the Fall?
Is CS 61A easier over the summer?
I play bass and am looking to join or start a band!
Are any theatres in Berkeley screening The Room?
Having more roommates in your dorm.
Apartment on Dwight
Heat coming back?
Do BAMPFA movies start on Berkeley time?
Safety in Berkeley Over The Summer (And In General)
Will admission be rescinded over transcripts?
162 Waitlist
What happens if i accidentally mailed something to the dorms?
Should I buy an electric scooter?
Inline skating on campus?
Chem 1B Missing
Braids , locs , or twitsts
International Student A-Levels?
You go to Berkeley for rigor and Stanford for prestige
Another Power Outage?
Transcript to Berkeley
Women's Basketball HC Lindsay Gottlieb first collegiate HC signed to NBA coaching staff
Aaron Rodgers makes hefty donation to UC Berkeley football
[Wojnarowski] In a landmark appointment for the NBA, the Cleveland Cavaliers are hiring University of California-Berkeley women’s head coach Lindsay Gottlieb to be an assistant coach on John Beilein’s staff, league sources tell ESPN.
The ministry of being out
Schedule for an incoming freshman?
Housing for Fall only?
Looking to buy Econ 140 textbook and study materials (Woolridge 6th edition)
Best ways to get the most out of lectures
Will Data 100 expand?
Math 53 Text Book
How do you balance your average day?
How can I clear L&amp;S breath with IGETC?
UCB ca UCD. I will have a 2 hour commute (train) to UCB vs a 30 min commute (car) to UCD. Is it worth it rigor, premed, research, etc.
Will Math 54 work for L&amp;S CS major?
r1A or community college credits
The College Food Chain
Upper Div H/SS courses for EECS
What are some "must take before you graduate" classes?
Berkeley Housing
Has anyone received The Leadership Award Interviews yet?
Housing with space for prayer - what should I expect?
Best Professors
What's the difference between Upper vs Lower division Berkeley Connect courses?
Freezing an incomplete?
~Surprised pikachu image~
Bringing my car?
Course Selection
Math w53 past exams
UC Berkeley is a breeding ground for elites that seek to brainwash and incite hate against men
Aaron Rodgers Makes Seven-Figure Gift To Cal Athletics
Foreign PhD students at Berkeley, please help :)
Berkeley researchers just found a game-changing way to purify chemical elements (including BERKELIUM!).
How Does Open Rec Sports Work in RSF?
thoughts on minors?
Students needed for website test
In a Unit Triple room, which bed is the best one to have?
Anyone who is pre-haas or in haas: Can you please help me organize/create my freshman fall sem schedule please. I’m so lost :)
Econ 105 over summer difficulty
An adult transfer hopeful has some questions (EECS + Materials Joint Major)
Date ideas around Berkeley
Online community college class that satisfies Math 54? Or just an online linear algebra class?
I want to take CS61a and EE16a together (as is recommended) but am shaky on my Calc BC content. Advice?
Do you think I will be able to get into a CHEM 3A lecture course this Fall?
4 Cal Bears represents 3 countries (USA, Thailand, New Zealand) in 2019 Women’s World Cup
Why are there so few courses to pick from for Engineering Breadths (for IEOR majors)?
Who is the best athlete to ever come from the University of California, Berkeley?
We’re #1 on the r/CFB header right now
Everyone, my friend Michael just got into Berkeley off the waitlist! Please show him some love and sub to his new subreddit for Berkeley students!
I totally agree with this Berkeley poll! I love Sigma Kappa girls😛
I actually agree with this Berkeley poll!I love Sigma Kappa girls!
For Math N1B over summer, I'm getting Richard E. Brocherds as the instructor of record and Frederick Huang teaching
Second Sky
Any way to transfer into DS from a CCC?
Which area in Berkeley am I more likely to get my bike stolen?
Need SOMEONE to read my request for deferment
Stay hydrated bears
Looking for buddies on campus to study for code interviews! LeetCode &amp; CTCI
Has any incoming freshman been assigned with an admissions officer?
Does anyone know when I should apply for the S parking permit for Fall 2019? Also some other clarifying questions.
For SolidWorks, a Quadro p500 (comparable to mx150) or GTX 1050?
Any econ transfer students who need help?
Does anyone know a freshman who was unable to get a dorm room in the residential halls
Prospective CS Transfer (Need Advice)
Dear Chinese Students -- Welcome to MAGA country. Love it or leave it.
Grad students, have you taken PE classes?
how safe is the walk from clark kerr to campus?
How to get involved in Campus Newspaper scene?
How difficult is Math 191 (4 unit, Putnam prep offering)
We're taking joining the Ivies too seriously
We're taking joining the Ivy League too seriously
Took CHEM 40A at UCSD during high school. What does this mean for my requirements?
College life 😛
Does anyone else see a correlation between top students and them being from the bay area?
Consulting Clubs Application Process
First semester classes for prospective MCB major?
International Student Questions
What happens if you P/NP a major requirement?
Upper Div Philosophy Syllabus/Readings
Best probability class to fulfill Data Science upper div for someone not so strong in math?
Cal Alums
How likely is it to get a discussion time with 10 seats left?
Does UC Berkeley have any beginning piano courses open to the public?
is there a lot of gun violence at uc berkeley?
Double major question
Any Advice From Former FPF?
How difficult/time consuming/ safe is it to travel from Units area to Golden Bear Rec Center and back between 8:30 and 11:30 pm for gymnastics classes, practice, open gym?
What's a good graduation present for a male HS grad who's going off to Berkeley?
Storage hacks for standard triple room
professors
How to join the Berkeley Free &amp; For Sale FB group?
Stats, Data Science, or Business Major?
Grad Housing? [Specifically Ida Jackson Housing]
Night Time Summer Study Spaces
Golden bear orientation
Innovation competition in SF - Build the #FutureOfAviation - MANY REWARDS
UC Berkeley administration must continue to diversify faculty
UC Berkeley wastes money, electricity lighting empty rooms
Architecture Help!!!
Freshman Fall Schedule HELP/ADVICE!!
FAFSA Question
Freshman Enrollment
Retaking NP class
Problem with FB groups for Cal
How can I access my vaccination record?
Couldn’t agree more 😂
Berkeley Alum: Post-Berkeley questions
living at i-house vs Northside Apartment
How much should I save for next year?
I can’t believe I’ve been studying so hard. I just saw this Chinese person saying they can get me a diploma right now lol.
Missing dog! Last seen running toward Ellsworth via Dwight
Fun reading and composition courses
MCB GPA
assist.org transfer site update for UCB?
UCBMFET?
Sonic internet reliability in Berkeley?
Campus gym membership - Staff (LBNL)
AutoCAD or SolidWorks courses?
Larsen Linov Math 53
Learning to Fly
Learning to fly
Will anyone actually "read" your L&amp;S GBA Final Assignment?
There will now be two Megathreads. One for all questions, and one specifically for the most common questions. They will rotate every couple of months.
[#1] Have a question related to a specific class (such as a CS/EECS), your schedule, the wait-list, or housing? Ask here!
CS10 prep/info?
Still on waitlist for housing as a freshman, what should I do?
Only at UC Berkeley do you have the story of a minority janitor be shown more prominently than D-Day commemoration by faculty
Working ahead - Terminal asking for authentication (CS61A)
With balanced budget, Berkeley ready to ‘turn a corner’
failing a class twice
How to tell how likely you are to get a class?
Mastering Physics Code
2 unit course I should take at Berkeley for summer? Help
Carson 100a or Hawkins 100b for summer?
Will CS188 or 186 be easier for me?
EECS 149/249A without prereq?
Looking for student group to partner with for a fundraiser
Suggestions for Bio+Business?
Should I bring a bike to Berkeley?
ARCH STUDENTS PLS HELP
CS169 webcasts?
CS 61B without 61A?
What is the deadline for the Spring 2020 (Transfer) Admission?
Freshman needing help about course selection
Best CS Clubs?
Best living situation for older students without families?
Help with the summer classes?
ASAMST 128 AC vs Dutch 171 AC
Lab before lecture
CS Same Day Finals
Basic Kitchen Help for the Clueless
Pre-Haas Freshman Yr. Classes??
85°C Bakery Cafe shutters in Berkeley
what's the drop policy like for summer sessions?
Does the GBA Final Assignment have to be accurate?
Looking for Overwatch players for paid ergonomics study!!!
Course Plan - Does this work? Is this too ambitious?
College of Natural Resources / S&amp;E vs. CRS Major / ESPM Classes / Study Abroad
Anyone looking for a Physics 111A summer partner/know where to find one?
Professional Comedians Destroy Tech People
4 year plan - computer science major - failing to meet the minimum per-semester unit requirement
Update on Adderall post
Organization Chegg/Coursehero Accounts
CS 61B + CS 70 or CS70 + CS 61C + EE16B?
EECS or CS L&amp;S from a CCC??
berkeley vs northwestern?
Would I still be able to walk for commencement in May 2020 if I still have to finish up a couple classes Fall 2020?
Has anyone taken CS188? Could you say anything about the difficulty/workload?
Spring transfers, what did you guys do during Fall?
Traffic Ticket &amp;amp; Speeding Ticket Lawyers | Fort Lauderdale | Florida Ticket Firm
Chem P
Anyone willing to trade monero/bitcoin?
Is Hearst Gym open to prefreshmen?
Mastering Physics Code that maybe works
French Placement for French Speakers
Best way to learn Java for CS61B?
Just discovered a chat app for Berkeley students
Just discovered a chat app for Berkley (?) students!
Is it worth it to pursue a simultaneous degree in CoE and L&amp;S?
When will waitlist people hear back?
Is memorial gym open durring the summer?
CS (L&amp;S) + Haas Course Plan
Seeking advice on getting a Masters and switching careers
Does stat 135 + stat 151A cover Econ 141?
Are there any film production clubs and classes?
schedules?? incoming LOST freshman has NO IDEA WHAT TO DO
Comment your freshman enrollment date and time
If I take an internship during the school year, do I have to withdraw from the university?
Congrats to Andrew Vaughn, drafted third overall in the MLB draft!
Someone tell me how to pick an English and Comp B class
Berkeley said they didn’t receive my genderal education/breadth supplemental form ...someone please help me
PreMed Reqs
Question for any UC system undergrads who took a gap year after high school
Skipping psych prereqs with AP credit?
Can EECS 126 be used as a substitute for STAT 134 for statistics courses that require STAT 134?
(New Transfer)Question Regarding Cost of Attendance Adjustment
Transferring into CoE from L&amp;S as for Engineering Math and Stats?
mcat study buddy
Looking for STUPID app ideas!
Anyone who previously transferred to Berkeley as a premed/pre dent/ pre pharm?
Music opportunities for non-majors
Berkeley email not loading for anyone else?
Classes that could help for stock investing?
Worried about post first year gpa ...
Statement of Legal Residence h e l p
What do we have access to after we graduate?
Is it reasonable to have a lecture from 2-2:59 PM and then another lecture from 3-3:59 PM in different lecture halls which are close by?
What we think we know — but might not — pushes us to learn more
blackwell dorm water
Preparing for 61A as someone who's never done programming?
EECS Schedule for Incoming Freshman
What are the other certificates Berkeley students can pursue like the Sutardja Certificate in Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology?
How large are the Martinez Commons Residence Hall Triple Rooms?
Long shot but I want to kms at this point so might as well try here
Subletting apartment for summer
How are the showers and restrooms?
Transfer internships?
For seniors that went to EDC this year
Enrollment Advising?
WE ABOUT TO EXIT THE BASEBALL PLAYOFFS
Is Data 8 an enforced pre-req for Data 100?
Math 1B with Simon or Christ?
Any way to turn in form on a Saturday?
Are the curved at Berkeley that bad for premeds?
Apartment Hunting Advice with a Cat
The Most Incredible Treasures Ever Found
amoeba music (from Always Be My Maybe)
GPA and consulting clubs
Jeff Van Gundy knows there’s only one Cal and it’s in Berkeley
what are the optimal lab and discussion times for cs61a and ee16a?
Can I sign up for R1B now while I do R1A over summer at a community college?
Live game thread Cal vs TCU 5/31
Question about research classes for psychology majors?
Palantir has no place at Berkeley: they help tear immigrant families apart | Marisa Franco | Opinion
Fun English R1Bs?
How do I register for the ​summer session? (Transfer)
Asking specifically to transfers who were premed/bio majors
How bad is the Berkeley student housing crisis?
Do you make friends at orientation?
SHIP waiver solutions needed
Shakespeare Classes for English Major
CAL baseball in playoffs! Game 1 tonight against TCU!
Any spaces for woodworking through UCB or near campus?
Anyone have the ESPM 50AC course reader?
Should I Bring My Desktop?
Freshman Registration
Data 8 after CS 61A
L&amp;S Dean's List
Do freshmen have to schedule an advising appointment, or does Berkeley set a date for advising?
Help an Incoming Freshman Choose a Computer
Should I take CS 88 or CS61A (with DeNero)?
CS laptop: specific question
MCB IMM vs. BMB
[SEEKING ADVICE] What's a reasonable summer?
Incoming Grad Student Housing Help
Please help me, I’m a confused freshman.
What the hell do I do with housing?!
The best way to get organized for coursework
Ee/cs discord
looking to freelance hire engineer/architect/landscape architect/land surveyor
Transfer, what am I supposed to be doing?
Is anyone here going to do FPF? When do we have to sign up for classes?
I’m not certain about my plans at Berkeley(Transfer student)
I got a double in unit 2 - if I don’t have a roommate, will they randomly assign me one?
Their workshop's no palace, but they hold the keys to the kingdom. UC Berkeley's locksmiths assist campus members — including the feathered variety — who are in a bind.
Week long transfer orientation/company visit
Cheap furniture pick up or donation in Berkeley?
I saw this on ucbmfet but like does anyone actually know what the purpose of that building is
Berkeley Jazz
cs course advice pls help
Schedule Advising?
Amazon locker in student union
Do you regret choosing​ Berkeley for premed?
CS classes for different career goals
Anyone get an email from D.E. Shaw?
Adderall?
Need your papers reviewed this summer?
How is this schedule in terms of workload for an incoming freshman in the fall
Pls help me out with some useful advice
Is there any boxing equipment at rsf or any other gym close to Berkeley?
Learning CS 61B
How is integrative bio major for premed?
Class Schedule Advice
Prep for CS61A
Anyone planning to do the CS Kickstart?
Does Unit 3 have kitchens?
macOS vs Windows for Mechanical Engineering
Campus organizing meeting for Sen. Elizabeth Warren tomorrow, 5/30 at 4:00 PM
New transfer admit here. What kind of daily benefits do I get at Cal for being a military dependent?
Ping Pong
When do freshman sign up for classes?
English major
Questions ES² - Engineering Scholars as Engaged Scholars
Opinion: Berkeley’s bike boulevards are fictions
If this gets 500 upvotes I’ll suck my own dick.
Berkeley budget cut question
Foothill Dorms
Is grade deflation worse at Cal than UCLA? (PREMED/URGENT)
Phone &amp; Laptop Insurance
General order / time frame to complete CS prerequisites?
Any Berkeley student not around much this summer willing to let me use their ID for the gym? I’ll pay you
what are the "Real" UC Berkeley STAT 134 prerequisites?
yet another question about cs70 prep :0
Is it true that nuclear engineering is more easy to get into than other types of engineering? Anyone who just got in as a NE major, can you attest?
Unit 2 Triple Suites
MCB 50?
Math 53 or Math 54 with 61A over the summer?
Do mini suite floors have lounges?
Berkeley Fortnite Discord
CS departmental webcasts?
Schedule Difficulty Questions
Does CS 70 offer alternate finals in cases of time conflicts?
CS189 vs INDENG142
cs 70 Discussion solutions
Xanax Long Sleeve
Dropping a Second Major?
Do Asian girls like white guys?
Math w53 pdf anybody?
Empty dorm for first semester
Question about workload and social life
Anthro 3AC/2AC vs ESPM 50AC vs ASAMST W20AC vs Music 27?
Grades not finalized??
Zero-waste toiletries/supplies near campus?
Lauren Southern - Minimalist Design V-Neck
Internship for Haas?
Budgeting at Berkeley
Cooking as a freshman?
Bike Women's Evolution of Cycling.....
The 30 Colleges With The Best Campus Food You've Ever Seen - Cal dining on the list lol.
Do bars/restraunts around berkeley Card?
how do i know if i got my roommate request?
Any summer school people wanna hang out?
Transitioning Back to Berkeley
Housing Transfer Decisions
Does chemistry transfer need to take an ACS Ochem Exam?
Got some questions about housing.
Car flipped on its side on Telegraph
Thoughts on Mini-suites?
Worried about finding a job after graduation?
When are you assigned your floor and/or which bed you get in your dorm?
Will I get rescinded?
When do Fall 2019 Housing offers get released?
What are relatively easy life-science majors at Berkeley?
Expected Cost of Attendence
Chemistry for Pre-Med?
Campus showers
Cost of Eating Out
When do we find out professors for classes?
I love Dan Garcia
Unit 3 Standard Triple. Cal Housing Transfer Request Form?
How long does it take to get accepted into the Memes for Edgy Teens FB page?
Would it be hard to major in data science while premed?
L&amp;S W1 Summer Course
Can credits be taken from multiple CCs?
Freshman year gpa for grad schools
Math 54 Final Grade
What are the differences between Basic Issues in Cognition (PSYCH N120) and Introduction to Cognitive Science (COGSCI N1?
upper divs vs lower divs
What's your best/worst TA story?
I lived in my car last semester. AMA
I spent last semester living out of my car. AMA
Branch completely destroys parked car on College Ave
Bringing bike vs. buying bike
Questions about Potential CS, BMB Double Major
Math 54 difficulty over summer
Best class to prepare for CS70?
Pre-Med/Pre-Health course
Summer Data 8 Enrollment Issues
Welcome freshmen!
Thousand Oaks Elementary School
Missed the GPA Cutoff for CS
Old Man Berkeley Slim Fit T-Shirt
Is it difficult to get into the CogSci major?
CS61B Grade Bin Changes
Summer housing in south bay
Electric Scooters in Berkeley?
Anyone driving up on Monday from SoCal(SD/LA)
Transfer wanting to change major to data science
When should I start emailing about research
Do I have to pay extra to stay in the dorms during GBO?
Does anyone have any input towards the summer Architecture 124A class?
Dorm Safety Unit 2
Thoughts on 61c / 70?
International Student Money
Transfer student taking summer courses
Satisfying Requirements
Physics 89 for Math Majors
Is streaming movies (eg on PutLocker or through Kodi) allowed on the AirBears2 network?
Does crossroads suck?
Thoughts on my course plan?
Students issued incompletes for EE16B because someone used the restroom
Chem 120B Slides/Notes
What to take alongside Math 55?
Freshman housing transfer
My admission may be rescinded, anything I can do?
Unit 3 Doubles for housing?
Piano movers/tuners
Please Congratulate this Graduate for Graduating from UC Berkely
EECS Plan of Study
Small-Town Berkeley Myth?
Free Documents for Course Hero Unlocks!
Sample Plans for Classes
Newly admitted student seeking advice about what to major in (Astro? CS? Data Science?)
How Does EFT Work?
How do I travel by buss to LA from Berkeley?
Any Non-competitive Acapella Clubs On Campus?
Cal Boxing vs. Martial Arts
Zoning board gets first look at 209-unit project planned in downtown Berkeley
How do you graduate from this school?
Does anyone have experience with housing transfers?
Is premed more tough at Cal than UCLA?
Go Bears
Transfer student changing major
What meal plan is best for vegetarians?
61A to replace e7 ChemE requirement?
Standing waves and resonance (nodes and anti nodes)
What subscriptions do I get free with my Berkeley account?
Do anyone think this is worth it? They seemed to change off campus meal plans to points again
GPA on CalCentral
Film/acting at Berkeley?
Blackwell?
When/how will we be able to get in contact with roommates?
How is the Art Practice major at Berkeley?
Changing majors to Data Science.. as a senior. How screwed am I?
Will i be able to enroll in a session A class ?
Sinclair Cs 70
Unit 2 RH Quad????
Do any dining halls at Berkeley serve halal food??
Taking breath classes at community college
Did anybody else think the L&amp;s cs commencement speaker was awful?
Where to park for visiting campus? (Without the visitor permits)
Is berkeley increasing student size?
What should I do if I think there are missing grades for one of my class and the professor wouldn’t reply my email?
Meal plans?
Data 8 Summer Enrollment Issues
accepting housing offers
Junior Transfer
How late can I pay summer fees?
Does Haas care about overall gpa?
How is the unit 1 mini-suite small set up?
On waitlist for an online summer course.... how likely am I to enroll?
Small Triple in Mini-suite size?
when your friends ask “so when are you coming to ucla?” but you’ve already committed to berkeley
correct me if im wrong but the RH Std Triple housing type is the standard triple right? Basically just wondering what the RH stands for?
Summer Pell Grant did not disburse
Internship + Online Breadth?
Anyone looking for a roommate for a mini-suite or apartment?
Got into Stern housing, should I fill out transfer form?
unit 2 housing?
If you do your undergrad at Stanford and grad school at Berkeley, which “side” are you on?
History of Computer Science class offered?
Anyone transfer from UC Davis to Berkeley?
Info about Freeborn housing?
Is the tap water at Berkeley safe to drink?
Does Robert Reich actually teach any classes at Cal? If so, which ones?
Any opinions on Foothill Double Suite?
Duo Mobile
housing waitlist number?
Housing
Clark Kerr RH Quad
Asian pacific American theme housing
Professor bumping grade up?
Econ Transfer
Most and least self learnable EECS courses?
Thoughts on L&amp;S W1?
Reasons why Berkeley is better in the summertime
Housing - Theme Program
How is clark kerr housing?
Freshman housing unavailable??
Worried about housing
Freshman housing: Lounge converted into Quad $17k per year?
Unpopular opinions thread
Are Quads supposed to be 17k/year?
Unit 2 standard triple?
Unit 1 Lounge Housing
How bad is a unit 3 triple? I just got that and I’m very very upset
Math 53 or Math 54 over the summer?
Not sure what to do about housing decision...
Easy online summer classes?
Are the mini-suite halls less social?
The fuck is this housing decision.
Unit 3 Triple
How did this happen with housing?
CS 170 Grade Bins
CS 70 over the summer
Insurance Cost?
What's the different between the blue stole and the gold stole?
Golden Bear Advising and Golden Bear Prep
Course schedule for an incoming L&amp;S student (Interested in Physics &amp; CS)
Unit 3 Quad?
physics 7b without math 53
Doe is open today, right?
Well, a friend recently sent me this link... (http://www.stanfordrejects.com/) :/
Easy A summer classes?
Haas chances with a NP Class
Stipulations on taking Graduate classes as Undergrad
What’s the easiest r1a
Do they still send out final transcripts after graduation?
Laptop recommendations for new EECS student?
How difficult is it to double major as an incoming Haas transfer?
change p/np to letter grade?
Grades aren't coming out?
Want to appeal my grade or at least plead my case to my professor - how would I go about doing that?
Summer class webcasts &amp; attendance
Chemistry 3B/L Advice
Me liking and commenting on every Berkeley instagram post to show CoNtInUeD iNtErEsT
Does anyone know how to reject the loans offered on CalCentral?
Do people read the OnTheSamePage book?
Switching from IEOR to L&amp;S CS?
(Transfer) MATH 54 = JUST linear algebra
Forgot to get MCB name card-help please!
Best way to get to Berkeley from the South Bay?
Disbursement of Work-Study Loan?
FrugalCalFashion alert--Berkeley Pullover sweatshirt!
CS Grad Courses for Jobs/Internships
Student Action candidates are officially certified to serve in next year's ASUC
Looking into MS/Post Bacc IN CS?
Missing grey cat in Berkeley area - any help appreciated!
Freshman: when do we get what dorm we got?
Lost cat
Does anyone have a link for Foundational Concepts in Neuroscience: A Brain-Mind Odyssey?
Looking for older CED/Architecture student
Are the kiwi bots self driving? or being driven?
has anyone taken chem 3b/3bl over the summer? opinions? advice?
still haven't received CS commencement tickets! please help
need advice on declaring a major when you've fucked up a class?
Clubs During Summer
Want to learn piano, keyboard, guitar, or bass, or music theory? I will teach you!
Do GSIs see the personal info you provide on evals?
ENG 143A
Cheap places to stay around campus?
Possible Freshman Schedule
Online courses for Freshman Edge
Palantir Should Not Sponsor Privacy Conference at Berkeley | Oakland Privacy Coalition
LING 188 or LING 146
How much does it cost for medical care?
Looking for more projects like CS 61B's gitlet
Stat134/140/EE126?
Theoretically speaking, would a group of Berkeley students be able to build a nuclear bomb?
Any tips for a pre-college student?
Will I get rescinded? Transfer Student
How to recover from a bad sophomore semester?
Health Related Volunteering Opportunities in and around Berkeley
Summer class: CompSci 70? Or 61A?
If Stanford and Berkeley got into a war, which college would win?
how to find a roommate?
Physics labs workload ranking
Econ 100A final
Could you take Haas if you aren’t a Business Admin major?
How the hell is John's Ice Cream so cheap?
Summer Financial Aid
Has anyone taken Cs170? What can I expect from it? How does it compare to Cs61b?
Qualifying for summer financial aid
Stat 134
CS 189 and IEOR 142
me40 over the summer?
P/NP for an online CC class required for major over the summer?
Survey for Software Engineering Students
Incoming freshman thinking of auditing 61a and another class over the summer?
Parent Info form problem
Philosophy 140A/136
Agilkia Island
CS Scholars guaranteed declaration?
CS Classes Difficulty Ranking
Who to turn to when a professor has treated me unfairly in my academics?
Can you post at night?
Alistair Sinclair vs Babak Ayazifar for CS 70
how do you find quality study groups?
How busy are the roads usually during department commencements this week?
Preparing for EE 16A
2nd Year Student in CoE applying for 2 CS courses waitlisted
5th Year CS Masters
What was the grade bin shift for 61a last fall?
Experience with Tutoring Clubs (PEACE tutors, bridging Berkeley, etc)
Advice about research position
Learning a foreign language at Cal?
Activities in the summer?
Should I take CS70 before CS61b?
Incoming Irish Exchange Student - Questions and Housing
What is the best possible way to prepare for CS61B ahead of time?
Retrieving Copy of Haas Application
Free Course for Incoming Freshmen!
Summer Tuition Fees Due
Global 150Q with Professor Keiko Yamanaka
Anyone have any idea when Housing will be released?
Borrow Graduation Stole?
Loan confusion
Off Campus Housing
Asian American 173 Difficulty (AAADS 173) - Fae Myenne Ng Summer Creative Writing
Waitlist Housing deadline missed
Q: where can I store my bike for 2-3 weeks?
Students Were Told to Claim to be Minorities in College Admissions Scandal
EE 16B grade
Why does it cost 2x more to replace a cal id compared to a drivers license
Where can I find empty cardboard boxes for moving stuff out?
Police: Stay away from Parker Street, near Dana and Ellsworth, in South Berkeley
Which is the best bank for (international) freshmen?
Move in day is August 20, so does anyone know if we have to move into the dorms that day, or can we move in anytime before classes start???
Is this first year advisable?
Senior year transcript/not getting rescinded
Tips for prospective CS major
What is the local sarsaparilla that was sold at Smart Alecs?!!?
What's your opinion on Chancellor Christ goal of making Berkeley a Hispanic-Serving Institute within 10 years?
Math 55 vs CS 70
Math 110 after EE16a?
What to do while it’s raining?
Housing for a FPF student
What to do while it's raining?
Did not learn well in ee16x series. Should I take math 110?
Regarding Econ Class In The Summer
Semester grades due
Want to park near Cal’s stadium in Berkeley on game days? Bring money
Ee16a is prob one of the worse classes on campus
Can I get some help on a project? 5min
Opinion UCB
Question about CS in the college and Letters and Science
Math 54 textbook pdf
fall 2019 transfer questions about major
Do UC Berkeley squirrels have larger balls than normal?
Physics 110A, 112, 105
Greek Theatre
Honest question - do you think Chancellor Christ has done a good job since she came in?
Final Grade Deadline?
Any transfer students who have used TAP before?
Switch from IEOR to Engineering Math &amp; Stats or EECS?
Forgot to pick up name card for grad
The Classic Berkeley Story
Data science a good replacement for not getting into CS major?
Cs 70 grade??
Graduation sucked!
Setting Realistic Goals
Worried about making friends at Berkeley
Congratulations to all the new grads from an alum!
Transfer Alliance Project
Getting a B in CS 70
[help] Which is the best I-House floor to live in?
HELP ME CHOOSE AN I HOUSE ROOM
Superposition principle &amp; Interference (how waves interfere) Superb demo in the end
IT’S GRADUATION
Math 53
New graduate certificate program - Experience Lab Berkeley
Dreading Graduation
UC Berkeley Student Accused In 2 Brutal Sexual Assaults
Does college of engineering care about semester GPA?
Anyone have experience in appealing for canceling housing offers?
College vs. University - Evolution of linguistic usage in US 2006-2018 [Google search trends]
Questions about TAP Berkeley.
Measles Confirmed In Berkeley
hello
[help] Hi there! Not actually a student but a recent graduate from another school. I was wondering if some of you had advice for housing in the area
To reserve my spot in FPF what do I do
Has anyone here been a part of TAP?
[Help] Need a friend to sit with for commencement
Possible measles exposure at Berkeley Bowl, officials say
Which cell phone carriers work the best at Berkeley?
Questions about TAP for Berkeley
Statistics major doing premed?
Choosing between Cal and UCLA-- Mathematics major
Incoming transfer to Coc
Transfer Alliance Project Question
Where can my friends and I pregame graduation in the morning?
anyone wanna sell/rent/lend etc a gown for monday
Transfer Alliance Project Question
Schedule planning for next semester: where to find final exam times for courses at the I school?
Haas vs Marshall
Facebook video shows UCPD forcibly arresting man with prop sword
Transfer Alliance Project Question
MCB C62 vs ASTRO C10
Housing offers
Is it possible to be considered for the Leadership Award after winning it once?
Do Summer CC course grades matter?
Where to get viagra?
Deal on re-taking classes
Is boarding at a co-op worth it?
Charging continuing students for summer gym membership—new thing?
Do I still have a shot at Haas if I get a B- in UGBA 10?
How to deal with a bad semester?
Has anyone ever asked for an Incomplete Grade after a Final?
Am I allowed to declare a major junior year? Any lesser known rules to take note of?
Haas vs Marshall
EE 16A Fall
Is 8 units too much for a 6 week session?
Where to chill with some of y'all's dogs
Dance teams in Berkeley over the summer
At what time does cal central update grades?
Failure to fulfill academic probation?
Freshman Decision question?
What programming languages are the popular upper div CS courses taught in?
I'm not seeing enough memes on this subreddit
Anyone else get this possible phishing email?
Understanding sexual assault
Getting into Data 8+88 Fall 2019
A few questions: just got off waitlist
Am I screwed if I don’t have housing sorted out yet
Max Auffhammer from ARE ~ Jerry Seinfeld?! Looks kinda similar, sounds way similar, and is quite funny! Or maybe it's just me...
Switching from Mech E to EECS?
Almost the end of term!
How u guys think 61B final went
SAT to Introduce Students’ ‘Adversity Score’ to College Admissions Test
Grade deduction even with a doctor’s note.
on-campus jobs with no work study
Wtf was that 16b final?!?!?
Can you request a random roommate or do you have to pick a person?
Girl raped by Cal student Karl Van Dessel
50 years ago...
Competitive Clubs as Transfer?
Percs addys angel dust and meth on deck hmu
Anybody looking to sublet for the summer?
Ronald Reagan’s role in the people’s park police actions. Students shot, mass arrests of bystanders. Worth a listen!
50 years ago yesterday, troops surround a protester at People's Park.
Lost Hydroflask in Croads
Language courses
Oddities, my first album.
Moffitt experience
North Berkeley restaurant Grégoire reopens after 5-week closure due to kitchen fire
Is it better to rent from companies or individuals?
Making Local Headlines, Go Bears!
Looks like Student Action is no longer disqualified from ASUC elections
Berkeley Sex Life
As a transfer, where do I go to meet potential roommates?
UC Berkeley student arrested after felony sex crime reports
Just saw guy fieri introduce Chad kroeger from nickelback at a ucsf childhood cancer research concert...
Data 8 connector with data 8 or after?
Connor Vanover transfers to Arkansas
Looking down on transfers?
Incoming freshman - do Math 1b or ENG R&amp;C at a CC?
Just Got My Degree From Berkeley
Other incoming chemistry PhD students?
Feeling unfulfilled with 61B - how to move forward in SWE?
Cal alum and champion track athlete speaks out about Nike and Asics threatening to pull her sponsorship during and after her pregnancy
Freshman questions
Berkeley PD blocking the bus stop for no reason
The Amazon store is giving away free Ranch dressing samples... and nobody wants them 😂
Is pursuing a Data Science Minor a good idea?
small bucket list items around Berkeley
Is data 8 worth taking if you already did cs 61a?
Fifty years years ago today: Reagan's Bloody Thursday at Berkeley (May 15, 1969)
Math 110 without 53
What are some cafes that stay open late in Berkeley (with seating)?
Anyone part of the Boxing Club/know anything about it?
anyone use adobe creative cloud through their cal account? need some help
SURVEY: The Student Mind: Exploring Perceptions of Higher Education
Early exam leavers of Berkeley, can you please stop?
Online Summer Classes
Final Exam Paper - Genetics- University of Berkeley
Where can I find some sample 4 year course plans?
Club baseball @ Berkeley
PS179 Scantron?
What does it mean to go to Berkeley?
where can i get boxes lol
bonfire/ campfire sites near Berkeley?
grad students
What price range should I be looking at for summer sublets?
Berkeley community need to understand, support homeless population
Every UC Berkeley student must recognize anti-Semitism on campus
Berkeley community need to understand, support homeless population
thoughts on math w53 over the summer?
Uber driver arrested on suspicion of kidnapping with intent to rape
embARC summer program
Perspective on the Statistics undergrad program at Berkeley?
Need advice: Super senior facing possible dismissal.
Does having work-study makes you a more competitive part-time job applicant?
Advice for Students Appealing for Admissions
Financial Aid Verification
Me and my Calculator are similar... We both have no soul. During mech e exam....
Nutri Sci 10
Berkeley Starcraft team wins second straight championship
How hard is it to get into CS 61A/B for non-CS major????!!!
Mine Bitcoins FREE OF COST with your idle computer powers and Affiliates' Network today!
[Post-game thread]: CS61A Final
Course advice for EECS/CS?
Cheapest website to buy Berkeley Merch
Overheard is turning into UCBMFET rejects 🤢😷
Which one is easier CC Math 1B or Berkeley Math 1B?
Help identify the Creep putting cameras in bathrooms. - UCPD
Nixle Advisory: Assistance Needed
[Phil 12A] Urgent study advice needed
I GOT A 1 ON CALC BC
Help an EECS transfer with scheduling
ISP — What do you use for internet?
What happens if it rains during general commencement?
laptop for engineering
Getting less than a C- in a major requirement, yet still graduating?
Does anyone how to make a Reddit account
consulting
To those who graduated a few years ago: what has been the hardest adjustment of the “real world”? What do you miss most about Berkeley?
mcb 102 urgent help pls &lt;3
Failing Stats 134
simultaneous enrollment at cc and cal
ASUC Judicial Council decides on Student Action appeal, plans for rehearing
Moving from LA to Berkeley WHERE DO I LIVE
Urgent Waitlist Housing Issue
Admitted and Committed - rescinding question
Do AP credits help for CS L&amp;S besides the general requirements?
ABC dating FOB
Mistake on AP reporting after getting accepted. Help!
What is the meaning of the multicultural sashes/stoles?
WILL BERKELEY RESCIND ME FOR FAILING AP SCORES
Berkeley admission conditions question
Could juniors take CS16A/B + declaring
Should I take Math 53?
finally got around to studying for finals
Magister colin leslie dean the only modern Renaissance man
Attention Future Bears: New Berkeley Admissions Subreddit!
Is there any benefit to taking these AP tests as an L&amp;S student?
Econ 100A Final, what did you guys think?
Just how bad is the University Village waitlist?
Where to Buy Pink Cal/Berkeley Hoodie
When is the last day to find roommates/request them?
How many extra credits are generally available on Prof. Hilfinger's 61B?
Housing Offers?
Can’t sing? These undergrads have a karaoke booth just for you
Cryptocurrency investing gaining institutional momentum - HFM Week
Econ 1 vs. Econ 2, and UGBA 10
Scheduling a Meeting with a L&amp;S Advisor
Berkeley to develop housing on North Berkeley BART station
Conflict Management
Is it possible to Business + CS Double Major
Is it possible to get off the waitlist for L&amp;S Physics?
Hello, EECS transfer student here. Please critique my (very) tentative plan, especially the upcoming academic year. Am I setting myself up to fail?
meta post simple questions
Classes???
Does anyone know a Bill Cao?
Respond with the least funny things you’ve seen posted on overheard
Anyone know the male to female ratio for CS L&amp;S? Ngl I wanna know what my chances of getting a boyfriend are
Data Science vs. Computer Science?
L&amp;S breadths to take?
‘An audacious goal’: UC Berkeley struggles to achieve zero waste
Freshman Fall courses
Sex Advice 101
What is the average on the CS70 final generally?
Where can I buy Pentel Hi-Polymer erasers?
How to defend yourself against robberies
2023 groupchat
PSA to upvote any redditor who posts a screenshot of completing their course evals for 61B
Today's Mothers Day (US) Call 'yer Moms! Then get off Reddit and back to studying. Good luck!
My girlfriend’s grad cap
16B reminder to fill out end of year survey for that 4 points
Deadline to choose roommates?
Declaring Residency for Tuition Purposes
bioE to eecs
61B reminder to fill out end of year survey for that 8 points
Religion and science final study resources?
AP Calc BC credit for Engineering
Question for Freshmen in Unit 3
Finally lost my virginity; but need to check for STDs. Where can I test for free?
Reminder for people in EE 16B to fill the evaluation and earn +4 EC!
FUCK I just ate some undercooked chicken at Katsumi sushi.
Grade Calculation for CS70?
Will I get rescinded if I fail an ap exam?
When to house hunt? House hunting tips?
Is there anywhere I can see sample course plans for a CS/Econ double major?
Math 1B vs 53
Dorming with two highschool friends?
SF Chronicle Opinion: UCLA beats UC Berkeley on every count
SF Chronicle Opinion: UCLA beats UC Berkeley on every count
Should I skip MATH 1B if I can?
light workload recommended CC class (online, this summer) for arts and lit breadth?
What is the discussion section of Chem 12A?
Data Science &amp; Domain Emphases
What is sex life like at UC Berkeley?
Class Advice
Student loans spoiler.
On campus apartment questions
Question about Freshmen Courses for Fall 2019
Nasty Dining Hall stories
conflicted as hell
Cheapest Laundry Around?
Changed Pathways and lost $10k in grants/ugrad scholarship?!?
Anyone else living in the co-ops next year and excited as fuck?
How doable (how easy/difficult) is it to get an A/A+ in Astro C10 (as breadth?)
Dead Week Just Ended!
When do freshman make schedules?
We're currently beating #3 Stanford 15-0 in baseball at Evans Diamond right now!
Out of state experience at Cal
Need another class to take!
haven’t used any of my flex dollars. How do I spend 500$ in one week
Public Policy minor
Got too little Cal Grant compared to other UC schools.
Physics 111A
Boxlet storage ?
Genuine question - what can I expect as a conservative going into Berkeley? Would it be risky to get involved in politics?
Top graduating senior an aspiring Elon Musk -- minus the tweeting
What computer recommendations for Mech E?
Registering classes for transfer students
Do you feel like your GSI’s give a shit about you?
“I Would Rather Do Anything Than Grade Your Final Papers”
Advice For Incoming MSE Freshmen
Music 168 without majoring
Great for Freshman students of Engineering: Kinetic Energy &amp; Potential Energy of a Wave (includes derivation) #6
Best foosball tables on campus?
Why doesn't r/berkeley have custom logo and background like r/harvard and r/uchicago
To 2nd Year Transfers: Transfer Edge?
Math 55 and FPF
Worried about Statement of Legal Residence (SLR)
Student Action, hoping to repeal their disqualification in this year’s ASUC elections, charges a member of the Judicial Council after someone reported having overhead them talking about the trial
Question about T-PREP, Transfer Edge, Summer Classes
Has anyone ever taken cs alternate exam, particularly 61a? How hard is it compared to the actual exam?
How many back-up schedules do you make? How hard is it to get your first choice classes?
Will a 5 on AP Physics C Mechanics clear Physics 7A for letters and science?
Philosophy 3 Final
CS 162 from the waitlist?
can;t create email or apply for housing?
There are more Latinos than whites at Berkeley, and Berkeley counts most Arabs and pale-skinned North Africans as white. Only blacks are minorities here, so stop crying if you’re not black.
Is the Career Center helpful for interviews and/or trying to figure out a career path?
Financial Aid (FAFSA)
Political Econ major?
Summer history breadth?
I don't feel so good, Mr. Levine
Does anyone have any past exams for Engineering 120: Principles of Engineering Economics?
How hard is it to find apartment leases that start in August vs June?
Berkeley Tuition Payment
Can I edit housing application after it says “submitted”?
UC Berkeley removes 'FreeBox' in People’s Park despite student support
Tuition Calculations
Declaring CS Major as FPF
Expo Toutankhamon Paris
Looking For a Freshman Roommate in CS
Best on campus apartments?
Dorm Desk Dimensions?
ME WATCHING EVERYONE FREAK OUT OVER FINALS WHEN I HAVENT STUDIED AT ALL AND MY FINALS ARE ON MONDAY AND I HAVEN'T SIGNED UP FOR ANY CLASSES IN THE FALL
Pre-Haas I need help with my fall courses (freshman)
PreHaas
CS Questions
Where to recycle electronic waste
46% of admitted students choose to attend UC Berkeley
Leaving me stranded...
UC Berkeley EECS Tips
Anyone take 61b in spring 17?
IEOR vs EECS?
Simultaneous degree CNR and L&amp;S
Satisfying Math 1B
First time in Co-op
Moving out - how does this work? What do I do?
Bless You! Salud! Gezundeheight! Prosit!
Which Reading and Composition B class is an easy A?
What do you guys think of this
Easy R1B Requirement?
Where did you guys find your housing?
Naked run
UC Schools/Berkeley Admissions?
Waitlisted students and Housing?
Recognizing my white privilege
New Sequoia
Madeleine fucking Albright is the commencement speaker for UCSD and we got Wendy?!
How important is living on campus?
Product design at Berkeley?
Ever consider just sleeping with incels? Just once?
How is hilfinger CS 61B's tests compared to hug's?
Channing-Bowditch Apartments?
Room selection question
Get rekt stanfurd
Transfer student joining Frats
Berkeley Co-Ops
Which housing complex(s) should I prioritize as a transfer student?
Please help me out, I need 25 upvotes to make this kid do the naked run
A notorious sex trafficker still lives and profits in Berkeley through Raj and Everest Properties
Does anyone else here get laid way too often and can't seem to find time for other activities? It's ruining my social and work life. I'm Asian btw. Not sure if that's the reason. I've heard Asian guys get laid more often.
Skyline Community College to UCB
What are the drawbacks of the Fall Program for Freshmen?
Should I do the Freshman Edge program in Berkeley over summer?
global edge program vs fpf?
Bowles V. Clark Kerr (L&amp;S)
Naked run
How a UC Berkeley lecturer solved a botched train robbery that led to the birth of modern American criminology
I made a UC Berkeley version of “Old Town Road” by Lil Nas X
Looking for someone to sublet for the Summer!
Dirt - who has it where to find it?
Berkeley never received my FAFSA
Will I get rescinded from Berkeley if I do poorly on my IB exams?
Anti-trafficking law has unintended consequences for Bay Area sex workers
Incel-related comments and posts should not be tolerated on this subreddit
Anyone lose this? or, Hey, free tree!
EECS freshman, will NP a breadth (UGBA 10). Should I emergency drop?
Withdrew from UCB. Took classes at CC for Major. Planning to re-admit. Will the credits transfer?
Blue Petition late drop personal statement
Open letter in support of Brazilian Sociology
It's 2:31am and I've decided I want to walk dogs
walking late at night from library
FPF + intended CS?
PFP + pre-haas?
I forgot to submit this by the due date... will there actually be a serious penalization??? I just submitted it now! Will this affect my housing, cost, or anything else?? Thanks!
Worried HS senioritis will carry over into my freshman year
What internet provider do you use in north Berkeley? Is Sonic a good option?
Naked run 👀
Berkeley Math Dependency Chart
Looking for a subleaser (women please !!)
EECS grad gift
Advice for incoming premeds??
Fall Internship as an International Student
A true gem from the confessions page: "No girl here is nice enough to let me kiss her or have sex with her."
Class of 2022 Yield Rates (Research Universities)
UCB VS UCSD for PREMED??
Abroad accessibility for CS majors?
Current Architecture student pls help!
Library job?
UCLA versus Cal: Just got off waitlist!
Just got off the waitlist!! (please help me I'm struggling)
For those of you who got into UCB on appeal
Neuroscience boot camp?
FPF and waitlists
How difficult are Cog Sci upper divs?
Haas BASE summer program
Past Econ140 Final Exams?
CS GSI Application Deadline
Can anyone tell me about Scandinavian 150 - Nordic Gaming?
Graduation Gifts
Looking for summer parking
Is there a foreign language requirement at cal?
Quick Question...
[CS 188] For the people who recently did the course, I had a doubt about Project 1 Q5...
Robotics/AI and EECS classes (EECS C106A/B, EECS 149, EE C128, EE 192)
Major Advice
Impostor Syndrome as a transfer student
Quads
Transferring to a different house at the co-ops?
Most Rigorous Freshman CS Courseload?
Berkeley vs. UCSD with scholarship, Studio Art Major
LANDLORDS or folks that know LANDLORDS: are you looking for 4-6 newly graduated cal grads to rent your rented-out home?
I got accepted to transfer a year early!
Do people in kink club have sex with each other?
How to take a semester off at Berkeley
Will not taking an AP Test get me rescinded?
Graduated in Fall 2018 and haven't received diploma
TA pay confusion
Summer program at UC Berkeley. Should I go?
Majoring in Economics
Just got into the co-ops and have a few questions
This is officer Aranas. Please tune in.
Selling LSAT trainer (brand new) n all books in the pic. I have a bunch of unused tests from PT 43 - PT 84 as well. Pay whatever plus shipping. I am in San Francisco.
Streaking
Bear's Lair closed. Anyone know what's going on? Hopefully they bring back the college bar vibe back
Bowles Hall singles
I made a twitter account for daily pictures of the goodest pups on campus 🐶 They wish you good luck on finals!
Incoming Freshmen AP Scores????
What happens if I finish before my expected graduation date?
Freshman AP Scores
How to get into Haas
Transferring out or staying? Academic advice plz plz
Does Berkeley care about scores on IB exams?
Which graduation to attend?
Is it possible to get into Berkeley CogSci with my stats
Where to buy meme-y apparel
Are their any celebrities/famous people attending Cal right now?
Cal Grant
What are job prospects like for an econ major?
Transfer Students (especially Spring Transfers): Were you guys able to get on-campus housing?
RSF gym
Summer storage?
EECS/CS recent grads, how quickly did you find a job? What pay? Do you think the field will be saturated soon?
UC Berkeley Jewish community voices mixed opinions on Berkeley Hillel
What schools did you choose Berkeley over?
double diploma flex
Transferring out of CNR
recommend an algorithm textbook for interview
Berkeley to San Francisco?
phase 2 sociol 3ac?
Summer Community Classes Before Freshman Year
Will getting a 1 on an AP exam mean anything
Getting a Stipend as an LBL Undergrad Researcher
Phase2 Data8?
schedule help (incoming freshman)
Easy 2 unit classes for a grade
Do you do course evals for every class? Only to drag an ass professor? Only to praise the good ones? Never?
ihouse food vs cal dining?
Cleanest/quietest Co-Ops?
Aspiring UCB transfer from CC, many questions.
CoE/MechE graduation requirements
Cal Chic - Kendall Jenner's outfit today.
California Wildfire Lawyers | Singleton Law Firm
As an incoming freshman, can I take community college classes over summer to skip L&amp;S breadths?
Clubs/organizations active during summer?
How hard is it to get admitted to the Econ major?
When did Fiji become unaffiliated, and why did it happen?
Life after solitary confinement: How education paved the way for Danny Murillo
Job interview
Any recording studios on campus?
Is Business &amp; Pre-Med possible?
Data 8 vs Astron C10 difficulty comparison?
CS What Laptop?
Bears, what do you think of BCSSA? (Berkeley Chinese Students and Scholars Association)
Cons to having L&amp;S rather than EECS?
Will CogSci N1 grade replace my failed CogSci 1 grade?
How is this even possible??
Summer 2019 Stat W21/20 for Econ Major Pre-req
I think I'm going to fail an upper division engineering class this semester...
Northside completely destroyed by the Berkeley Fire of 1923
3 UC Berkeley students robbed at gunpoint near Clark Kerr Campus
I'm a foreign student coming there for 6 weeks summer school. What can I expect?
‘The prevalence is dishonorable’: Food insecurity exacerbated by UC Berkeley meal plans
Older kids begging in north/central Berkeley?
Do students work at the LLNL/LBNL often?
Servers crashed May 2nd, couldn't submit housing in time
Summer bridge vs Summer session
Messed Up On the Housing: What Can I Do?
AP Scores never came in / What to do about R&amp;C
Fraternities
Help with CS Upper Divs
How did you all say goodbye to your best friend from high school without acting like a pansy bitch?
Individuals inside Phi Gamma Delta at UC Berkeley chanted homophobic slur, video shows
Internship or graduation in the fall?
UC Berkeley transfer day, worth it?
Question on Italian R5B vs. Slavic R5B
UC Berkeley Police considering moving some of their patrol cars because they make POC feel uneasy
December Grad -- Still No Diploma In The Mail?
What housing application is due tonight?
Housing Portal Down?
EE16A/B Knowledge Needed for CS Upper Divs?
Best housing for incoming freshman?
Anyone's EFC increase substantially?
Regent scholar class enrollment???
How long does it take for financial aid appeals to go through
When UC B pairs people for housing automatically, do they pair people in the same major or different majors?
Waitlist question
Do undergraduate course grades at Berkeley 'expire?'
Signing into bcourses and calcentral on my phone
More Armed Robberies
TPTea is coming to Berkeley!
Berkeley considers suing UC regents for student impact on city resources
UC Berkeley collects 2nd-most revenue among US colleges from declined freshman applicants
What ways can I get out of taking the shitty Math 1B class?
when should I expect to be able to register for fall 2019 classes?
Housing Application Deadline
Cognitive Science Transfer Experience
Question for those who for waitlisted
How do i leave the bathroom of memorial stadium without ....
UC Berkeley professor Emi Nakamura wins second most prestigious economics award (after Nobel Prize in economics)
Whats a reasonable number of classes for summer?
HOUSING + Freshman L&amp;S CS Courses + Campus locations
Eight Berkeley faculty elected to National Academy of Sciences
Fall 2019 CS 61A
For current bears, what type of outfit do you wear the most at campus through the year? How’s the temperature in the lecture halls?
Bowles housing decisions be today?
Berkeley approves long-distance bus stop on campus, parking lot for Kaiser offices
[Urgent] I don't meet the Berkeley conditions of admission. What do I do?
Where is the SIR deposit?
What matters more: degree or GPA?
Opinions on Math 121A
Cal Student Streamers bully and insult a fellow artist
Okay I might sound like a pansy bitch do people get bullied at Berkeley?
Scared out of my mind and already regretting that i committed here
UCB Students Makes Ableist Comments :(
Stanford Berkeley Rivalry???
Commuting from berkeley to sf?
Last Minute Housing Advice
can we petition community college classes to fulfill breadths
Is it safe to Phase 2 MCB 32?
Alright I took some fat ass loans but I committed to this bitch
Anyone else having issues with school wifi?
How is a CS/CogSci Double Major?
Confused incoming freshman - is it possible to enroll in classes now?
Is "main major" and "second major" a thing?
UC Berkeley premed student publicly bullies, tells people to give up, degrades women, and makes fun of autism. He agrees with the girl 100% at 6mins in. Is this what UC Berkeley is about now?
Berkeley student and girlfriend trashing a girl’s artwork
Single for academic year
Lecture during RRR week??
HEY BEARS IS FRESHMAN EDGE FREE??
Does anybody know where I could find this? It might not be there anymore, but I'd love to find it if it still exists!
TPREP worth it?
Housing?
Get off the transfer waitlist
Should I take MATH N54 at UC Berkeley or MATH 194 at DVC? (Linear Algebra)
UC Berkeley study finds increasing minimum wage may reduce suicide mortality
Anybody Taken Econ C110 (PoliSci C135)?
Scared and panicking out of mind about CS162
Does Wurster Hall have roof access?
CS70 + R5B
advice!
How hard is 170 61c math110 if I want time for recruiting?
URGENTLY NEED HELP: UCLA or Berkeley?
Fuck class enrollment
Calculus
Berkeley Police Department implements policy changes to protect sex workers
CS minor vs EECS minor
Does UC Berkeley sufficiently challenge social paradigms?
Calcentral choose class kept jumping to what campus solution.
Student Nabeil Kizilbash exposed for harassing women on campus, Tinder, and social media
Where to find students for summer sublet
Can i p/np more than 1 class a semester?
CalNet ID Still Forbidden?
Run
Waive SHIP?? (as an international freshman)
Data Science major and CS minor
Does work-study roll over?
Transferring over AP scores from College Board
Admission officer response time?
How to find courses at other schools that will count towards Cal major?
Housing in the Winter Break
Where to watch the Champion’s League game tomorrow?
When do incoming freshmen sign up for classes?
Easy at least 2 unit summer classes HELP
HELP! I accidentally deleted UC Berkeley in DUO app... how can I add it back??
61a or data8 over the summer?
Best apartment through Berkeley Housing?
COG SCI 1 Waitlist
psych c143/ling c146
How difficult is it to declare Public Health as your major?
Community College GPA
The story of the night I was raped by UC Berkeley Student Karl Van Dessel
Getting off CS 170 waitlist
Pros and Cons of being an Econ major?
Easiest Minor to complete/quickest track?
Berkeley Cost Help
Is it safe to Phase 2 CS 170 as an undeclared CS?
So we allow this on r/berkeley now?
Chemistry 3BL Waitlist
ECON 101A/MATH 54 Curving Policy?
Housing. Urgent!!
Berkeley's College of Engineering (1930s)
Waitlist Decision Date
*Prerequisites
Safe to Phase two CS61C and CS70?
UC Berkeley students navigate intersection of LGBTQ+, Christian communities
When is the Data 8/ 61A enrollment issue going to be fixed?
Calcentral vs shopping cart contradiction??
Anybody Taken Film R1B?
EE 16B and ESPM 169 concurrently?
L&amp;S Foreign Language Requirement
Possible to double major as an incoming transfer student
Capitalist STEM culture
Just committed, how hard is it to get into Haas
intermission band question
CS61A in the Fall....looking for a tutor in the summer in the Bay Area
How to Submit SLR???
Will Biology 1B and Public Health 142 consume my life over the summer?
Stat w21 summer difficulty?
Freshman question: do I have to live in themed housing??
Method of Entrepreneurship Bootcamp (IND ENG 192)?
For an incoming freshman, is it possible to change my college to L&amp;S and declare a major in computer science?
Is IMT DeCal helpful? Should I just self study it instead of taking the class?
Class of 2023 international gang *official* thread
Class of 2023 international gang *unofficial* thread COME AND SHARE
UC Berkeley faculty members work to resurrect religious studies program
Math 54 professors
When do we start enrolling for classes?
Transfer looking for insight on bio and pre-med!
Should I have more extracurriculars if I want to get accepted as a transfer for Haas?
Hey Bears, it's time we talked about Greek life
AP English Language &amp; Comp Credit?
Berkeley economists find that “increasing both the minimum wage and the Earned Income Tax Credit by 10 percent would likely prevent a combined total of around 1230 suicides each year.”
Would taking Biology 1B and Public Health 142 consume my life over the summer?
Stat 001 Piazza
need advice: Go to CC and transfer to Berkeley or go straight to UCSD or UCSB?
Chances of getting off summer waitlist?
Would it be worth it to re-transfer? Please, I would appreciate any help.
UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted at Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity
[Rugby] Cal defeats Saint Mary's 28-24 and advances to the 2019 National Championship
Grade required for transfer college credit
Academic probation, lost, and probably will be kicked out
CS188 and CS189 Possible?
Any Jeopardy Bars in town?
A Positive Note to Prospective Students
Data Science Major: Mathematics 54/Physics 89 necessary?
Coming to Campus? Get Ready to Get Rekt by Cal Dining
Time commitment for Berkeley Data Science Online Masters
Fuck
EECS Upper-Division Course Recommendations?
Grocery Stores in SF
UIUC CS eng to UC Berkeley LAS
Killing in People's Park may be work of man who killed two others on Friday — including city of Berkeley worker
Sigma Phi Epsilon has 'ceased operations' during Cal rape investigation
The oldest stone building in the world
Handshake as a committed admit?
Academic calendar 2019-2020?
Thinking about recruiting this coming fall? You're going to need this tool
Incoming CS Major
Study Abroad Housing
How can we fight to reduce student prostitution?
Why don't we have more lecture sections for various CS classes?
Econ 100A Fall 2018 Syllabus
Grad school here? (Education)
On Consulting Clubs
Housing Market in August
I'm too scared to commit to Berkeley, but I love it
UC Merced student newspaper to lose only source of funding in the latest example of student newspapers going head-to-head with student governments
Anyone know of a way to change your picture on Cal Central?
Data 8 + Math w53 + internship over summer?
What is stat 150 like?
safe to phase II 170?
Data Science Minor Questions or CS 10?
What are the best indoor plants?
Freshman year math
Band looking to play frat party
Accepted to College of Letters and Science, is my major declared?
Question about History 30 (science and society)
Might fail a class for the dumbest reason...
OkCupid data shows asian men are least desirable.
Does failing AP tests matter?
Any advice for choosing between EE126 v. Prob 140?
How accommodating are L&amp;S professors of sudden sickness?
Math 110 with Frenkel Textbook
Official Berkeley discord invite
Hey Asian guys
Berkeley distributes legal notices to those in violation of sidewalk ordinance
Edu email?
Housing Options
UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted at fraternity
Tell me about your study abroad experiences!
Emotional support animals and finding a lease
Everyone's trying to find roommates on facebook. Nobody's giving reddit a go?
Mandatory pol sci 179 summoning
Taking Math H110 and H104 in the same semester
Korean Language Exchange Discord Server
Business clubs?
Ucsb student transferring to Berkeley
Question about drug prevalence
Any tips for what to say when finding roommates?
Housing choices
Media Studies Major
OMG
Transfer Conditions of Admission
Are the public speaking classes (CW 10A and CW 10B) worth taking?
Are the public speaking classes (CW 10A and CW 10B) worth to take?
Cognitive Science Job Prospects
undergraduate haas application questions
New transfer admit wondering about housing
Disability support?
What are freshman / sophomore / junior / senior 's respective enrollment time for Phase 1, Fall 2019?
MechE Program
UCPD considers suspect in connection with People’s Park shooting caught in Nevada
UCLA vs. Rice vs. UCB
Berkeley Cognitive Science vs UCSD Cognitive Science
L&amp;S20E with Moran
Pre med at Cal
Best dorms at UC Berkeley?
Resources for Angelenos Thinking About Summer Wildfire Season
Is there a Bruinwalk for Berkeley?
Anyone interesting in jerking and sharing girls of ucb we know.. I know some hot ones.. PM me if interested
UC Berkeley Student has put out an amazing EP if anyone wants to listen/support :)
Schedule Advice for Incoming Freshman
Can I transfer as a 4th year? (UCLA &gt; Cal)
Man shot in People's Park dies in first Berkeley homicide in years.
Econ 100A, 100B, 101A, or 101B?
uc application issue
Is this schedule doable or not
Police: Berkeley man, fed up with Kiwibot delivery robots, steals one
Croads textures
Anyone want to see Avengers with me?
Berkeley Economics
Incoming Freshmen FPF Question
Are there any computer labs on campus where I can use Adobe CC software?
A Chinese Cheating Ring at UCLA Reveals an Industry Devoted to Helping International Students Scam Grades
How do we make Berkeley a safer place?
Math 228B Grading Curve
Math H110 textbook
Has anyone been able to enroll in Data 8?
PSA: Endgame spoilers on Facebook Housing pages
Berkeley police respond to gunshot victim at People’s Park
why is peoples park suspicious activity????
Any off campus cal students looking to sublease?
Econ 240A instead of Econ 140?
Family visits coming up! Any good restaurants nearby that are pet-friendly (patio) and can take a group of 6?
Korean Culture night and after party
Summer Physics 111A Lab Partner?
What is going on with PS3/What can I do
Does anyone have feedback on the apartments at 2525 benvenue? How is it? Thanks.
I've decided I don't give a fuck in one of my classes (E7)
Serious why is the city of Berkeley so unsafe?
What are the best consulting clubs at Berkeley?
Switching to the college of chemistry for chemical engineering?
Derivation of wave velocity equation - Outstanding Explanation
Berkeley Bans the Separation of Whites and Colors at Student Laundry Facilities
Just found out Vegas has their own Campanile Tower
Beautiful Cherry Blossom Festival in San Francisco 🎷
Bruce Banner Snaps the gauntlet to revive everyone
Need to desperately add 1 unit using the L&amp;S "LATE CHANGE OF CLASS SCHEDULE Petition Form" before the end of the semester!
Avengers 4: Endgame Spoilers
Need help making schedule!
Spring 2020 admission!
Accepted, but Scared of Going to Berkeley
Berkeley police say armed robbery crew may be tied to 3 robberies in 4 hours
Question about Classic 121 (Ancient Religion)
How easy it is as a transfer student to change major from Chemical Biology to Chemical Engineering.
is Data8 full already?
Asking for a friend... Berkeley CS
61c summer waitlist
Berkeley Professor Involved in Weird Relationship?
Business frat acceptance rates?
Where can I get clothes ironed?
Beginner friendly eecs summer research?
Course Advice 69 II: CS 160+ Courses?
Found this cool site for study tools
Anyone taken Philos 3?
Iron man &amp; black widow die in endgame
Can't enroll in graduate school classes despite unreserved seats?
Why does AC Transit skip busses?
Stat 134
Colwrite 10 series vs theatre 5
CCC classes for credit?
Intended Econ student here: can I enroll in upper division Econ courses even though I’m not declared yet?
Math 55 over the summer
Can't enroll in Cog sci 1?
Anyone taking Physics 111A next semester?
Declaring Stats
Someone who got waitlisted help me please!
Applied Math Major, declaring major
How hard is it to get into MCB 163L?
UC Berkeley CoC?
Questions on unit cap for transfer students
Anyone wanna study cs70
anyone else unable to join eduroam????
Berkeley’s Reputation- Plummetting
Gift delivery question
Transfer Waitlist
Easiest Philosophy/International Breadth
Transfer housing?
Berkeley takes a step toward potentially rezoning suburbs to add housing, boycotts ICE data brokers
Do I need to report/call Berkeley to tell them about an extra class I’m taking?
Cant enroll in lab/discussion for 61a
Lmao got rejected from #2 ucla but who cares when I’ve got Cal.
Question for veterans using the GI Bill while living in dorms or campus housing
Chances of getting of Summer Waitlist for CS61BL
Ok, the local grocer stopped carrying my favorite ice cream and now I’m dying to find a replacement. Not quite ice cream, frozen custard. Anyone know where I can find any?
Estate Litigation Glossary
I'm currently on a client project for Boosted and conducting market research on college students and their views on electric transportation and Boosted! Please fill out this survey if you are an undergrad or grad student, one winner will win the Boosted Mini S! (refer 'Diane' at end!)
Where to get free food on campus?
Mec Eng 110
Has anyone transferred from CCC??
What do people usually take after UGBA 10 and ECON 1/2?
Scared transfer student
For CS, would you rather attend Cal or UPenn?
Easy study abroad locations?
cal poly slo vs uc berkeley architecture
I'm terrified of transferring to Berkeley for physics.
Who got that Poli SCI 179 google doc
Tell me how much you hate Cal
Should I room with someone of the same major or not?
Using RSF in the summer?
UC Berkeley students deserve far better than bedbugs and broken washing machines
Editorial | UC Berkeley students deserve healthy, inclusive living conditions
City of Berkeley hit by flurry of 14 robberies in past week
(please help) graduating senior that has lost all motivation at this point
Things to do in Oakland or SF
EE Schedule Discrepancy
Strawberry Creek BioBlitz Friday April 26 3:00 - 6:00 pm
Eecs transfers
CS classes not open- how would we plan our schedule?
HIST 100AC Fall 2019 enrollment
Daily Cal appreciation post
ESPM 155AC vs ASAMST 128AC
Request for Open Computing Facility Alumni
Unexpected​ fees at Berk?? Heard that printing is not free... What else???
FYI: PG&amp;E Seeks Higher Electricity Rates
Please help
Any fans of Brooklyn 99? I noticed the corner of MLk and Alston in season 1 (show on the left street view on the right)
Need help selecting coruses for the summer.
Any fans of Brooklyn 99? I noticed the Y youth center in s1e18 (Show on left street view of MLK and Alston on the right)
Any resources for finding off campus roommates?
If someone already submitted housing forms, is it too late to be their roommate?
social events for graduate students
‘Getting lit with a purpose’: UC Berkeley 4/20 celebration proceeds to support criminal justice reform
What school is better for Chemistry B.S. Transfer: UCSD vs UCB (Pre-Med here lol)
Pikachu on Campus?
How time consuming is pledging a frat?
Bay Area Parents High School Survey
Question about upperdiv CS enrollment
Missed deadline to change expected graduation term. Any ideas?
Room selection
Math 53 with Kelli Talaska or Suncica Canic?
The Manic Monologues: Destigmatizing mental illness in the Bay Area and beyond
Berkeley waitlist
Advice Regarding Statistics Course Requirement For Declaring Economics
[Summer Housing Questions] Martinez Commons vs Treehaven vs Other Sublets (Cannot Decide)
Alumni Advantage worth it?
Blackwell Hall bay view?
UC Berkeley researchers invent revolutionary 3D-printing process that can print biological matter
Is there any AC courses that has the minimal workload?
New 'vision plan' imagines 3-mile greenway from downtown Berkeley to Bay Bridge
Blackwell kitchens
Does the senior photos place (Lauren Studios) provide sports jackets?
Question for Linguistics Majors
Transfer Scheduling
A final game with Elwyn Berlekamp (Amazons) - Numberphile
How to check if you satisfied the breadth requirements/which ones?
Health Service Internship Tips
Cancel summer housing?!?!?
Google Finds It’s Underpaying Many Men as It Addresses Wage Equity
How true is this?
Math 110/CS 61a/Stat 133/decal doable?
Student Action senators planned to impeach 3 ASUC Judicial Council members
UC Berkeley( CS @ College L&amp;S) vs UIUC (Math +CS @College of LAS)??
UCPD considers moving some patrol cars from Barrow Lane
Southside parking?
Newbie here, just wanna ask how is/was ur dorm experience? How do you like ur roomie(s)? I’m a little scared since my roomie is like the very first human bonding in my college life lmfaoahwia
61c summer workload
Housing Advice
Introducing a new Textsheet/Litanswers alternative: hwanswers.org!
University of California, U. Vienna, Charpentier Awarded Fourth U.S. CRISPR-Cas9 Patent
Berkeley housing for students
Not going to graduate bc of a surgery I got + a stupid mistake
Question about parking and commuting
Lowest workload/easiest distribution between data 100, cs 164, cs 160? Easier to get a better grade in econ 140 or 141?
How hard is it to get On-Campus Transfer Housing?
When should I plan to arrive as an incoming freshman
A few questions about EECS scheduling
Roomate
Appeal letter
Unexpected phone call
How do I get exempt from Golden Bear Orientation?
How to prepare for Poli Sci 179's final?
Social Life at Blackwell
UNIBEES - App to learn about free food and events on campus!
Switch from IEOR to EECS
Girly Asian College Student Starterpack
Berkeley school atmosphere?
what is physics 111a
SoCal Resident Potentially looking for Roommate before moving around Berkeley
This Quiz Will Tell You Which Berkeley Campus Building You’re Most Like, But Be Careful, Because If You Get Dwinelle, The DPRK Will Automatically Launch A Hwasong-15 Intermediate-Range Ballistic Missile Towards The Sea Of Japan
EE16B with Anant Sahai?
Course Advice #69
Research experience (specifically, in labs) at Cal?
When Sean Spicer paid us a visit last week, I made sure to sneak in a poster of Joseph Goebbels.
How to Remove Residential Conduct Block
college of chem
How does the United States work? (International Student)
When do we find out our financial aid for next year?
What are your housing preferences?
Berkeley or UCSD for Fine Arts?
Deadline for showing proof of internship for Fall 2019?
Which Major is Better Political Economy or Political Science?
Will Python be useful for Econ 141 and Math 126?
Medical ethnobotany elective
UCB summer load
Is ugba10 worth taking as someone not interested in haas?
Math 54 with Teleman/Serganova/Wehrheim?
Berkeley.edu email address question - recently admitted student
Berkeley, SB, or Irvine
How Accessible is CS Research?
Cal w/o Regents vs UCLA w/ Regents (Math Major)
Finishing EECS Major in 3 Years?
Transfer Schedule Advice
How difficult is Math 202A?
UCSB to Cal
Looking for roommate for the summer ($500/mo) (College/Channing)
How unlikely is it to be able to switch into the College of Engineering or ChemE?
Not all who wander are lost
Around what percentage of Berkeley students are from California?
Spring Transfer Admit questions
Housing is a crapshoot for everyone. Everyone, possibly even the professor of the class, is on the waitlist. Haas is not full of cutthroats and sellswords. Financial aid will always be delayed. No, it's not safe to walk around alone late at night. Should you choose Cal? YES!
Steve Wozniak, a transfer from De Anza College, graduating from Berkeley (1987)
For anyone who is Pre-Haas, is in Haas, or is an alumnus of Haas: How were the classes—competitive, cutthroat, or fun and collaborative? I'm up for a challenge but not if that means I have to sabotage other people or prevent myself from being sabotaged!
Berkeley Housing: Recently Admitted Transfer Question
Does all EECS research working now also work in the summer?
Felt cute, might go to Berkeley later, idk.
Storage units over the summer?
oof
Is this school a mistake for an art major?
Should I be proud?
How does Phys 7C compare to 7A and 7B?
Studying abroad as a transfer?
Just got in!
Sparring club
Econ 136 with Professor Sandhyarani Patlolla in summer time
What are my dorm options as a veteran transfer student? (I'd like to stick to my own room if possible)
best l&amp;s breadths?
r/berkeley since march 28
MechE vs BioE
Prospective CS student on Stress Culture at Berkeley. Help!!!
Financial Aid: $0?
Just got accepted to Berk as a transfer for CS BA, how is the difficulty and culture around that major?
Any Tips for Transfer Applicants from CC to Berkeley Econ?
History Major Questions
I found this pin walking around campus, does anyone know what it's from?
Let’s settle this: Best Pre-Law Frat?
Sherman Hall co-op experience
Math 54 Fall 2019 prof?
CYPLAN N115-001
Is cognitive science a rebranded psych major?
Any haas students willing to PM/Call?
Questions about MCB (W)61
Was enrolled to attend a different UC, emailed to withdraw my admission and go to CC, two F's on my transcript now.
Does Berkeley have something like this?
PLEASE HELP need to borrow an ID tonight, will pay and give collateral
Questions About Waitlists from an L&amp;S CS Admit
4/20 celebration
Berkeley accommodation for summer
Free Summer Online Course for Freshman Admits! L&amp;SW1
How is psych w1 over the summer?
I heard CC students with 4.0 GPA are still unable to transfer to Berkeley, is that true?
Got in to Haas!!!!! Wait... should I even be excited?
Will pay $10 for room rn
can spring 2020 admits take 2019 summer session courses?
can spring 2020 admits take fall 2019 summer session classes?
I legit just applied for shits and gigs and to flex if I got accepted. I didn’t realize how much I wanna go here now after getting accepted!
Berkeley VS UW Undergrad STEM Majors
What does a capped major mean? If I intend to major in economics and it is a capped major, is there a chance I cannot do so even if I attain the mandated pre req GPA?
Anyone interested in jerking on g we know? PM or msg me
Any Parties today?
For other transfer students, how was your experience transitioning to Berkeley?
Anyone here CS+Haas double major?
I really don't understand how I got it, this is insane.
Summer Courseload Question
Life after Berkeley
Anyone get into CNR?
For summer housing will you be allowed to choose your room?
Anyone get into Environmental Economics and Policy?
Declaring and Finishing a Minor
Philosophy department question
Transfer housing
A FUTURE BEAR, I’M IN!!
yEECS
AI/ML research at Berkeley?
UCB vs UCD financial aid (Transfer)
For all the Transfers who got in, what were your Stats?
What is a good GPA for CS jobs as a CS/EECS major?
Editorial | Unless change is made, the ASUC's party system will be its downfall
Unless change is made, the ASUC’s party system will be its downfall
What happened to the dude by Sproul?
Airbears issues today, anyone else having trouble?
Attending Cal after already submitting an SIR to UCSB??
I got in!!
specific question regarding IGETC &amp; transfer
I just got into Berkeley as a Transfer and I have a few questions...
Panelists, study expose culture of anxiety at UC Berkeley
Any robotics opportunities at Berkeley?
I was attacked by a frat boy a couple days ago
Professor Tips
Film and Media Class? Prof. Carpenter
Free menstrual products now available on Moffitt's 4th and 5th floors
New Alumni Football tickets
Econ Major
Admitted to Cal for Spring semester? (Transfer)
ASUC Drama and Christ’s Email
Do M.E.T. students get priority housing choice like Regents scholars?
Is Bowles actually that bad?
Data Science v. Computer Science
Anything going on tomorrow afternoon?
SUPERB Productions?
How's this summer's CS70 GSI?
CS Major Laptop
Sean Spicer speaks on campus, looks back on time as press secretary
Transfer Applicants Megathread
Public Policy C103 Tutor Needed!
How exactly does housing work?
Taking CS127 After CS189?
Stat 140 course load
Easiest summer breadths this year?
Incoming CS Freshman NEED HELP PLANNING!
Intended CS major
Haas + CS Minor?
Transfer Students who joined TAP was it helpful?
How often will I have a STEM class where the textbook has an access code? Or, which classes do?
Tollman Hall coming down
Philos 3 Final
As an admitted student and rising freshman at Berkeley, can I take a couple of community college classes this summer before going to Cal?
Coffee time! Let us know your thoughts!
Engineering 120 with Friedman?
9 ASUC officials resign, students protest in response to Student Action candidates’ disqualification from 2019 elections
What is Berkeley's competitive advantage in terms of research versus top private schools?
I am terribly sad to announce the passing of u/jumpingpajamas.
Is it too late to be emailing for summer research?
UC Berkeley alumnus, photographer criticized for fraternity photographs
How hard is it actually to declare for CS
Housing advice??
How to join a consulting club?
Can someone ELI5 the drama going on in ASUC right now?
How do people feel about EE 16B MT2?
read below
Is Berkeley a rough area?
For people in Haas: Are you happy? Have you ever experienced cutthroat nature or collaborative nature? Taking a poll!
7 Berkeley faculty awarded Sloan Research Fellow / 9 Berkeley faculty elected to American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Is repeating math from high school worth?
Anyone can create and TEACH a Decal. So where do I begin?
Question from prospective student:
Is South Berkeley/Ashby safe?
Switched to CS late, should I take CS 70 over the summer to be able to take UD’s sooner?
Lulcakes is deleting posts based on whether or not he likes them. Mods, please be clear about the rules
Best place to look for subletters
GEOG183: Cartographic Representation
UC Berkeley Pure Mathematics
CS 61A summer workload
What happened to the non profit credit union bank at UCB?
Looks like Student Action is trying to forcibly remove sitting members of the Judicial Council
Word of advice to Community College transfers who are getting their decisions in 2 days, and especially to those who may be waitlisted or rejected.
EECS upper divs w/ EE16AB for lin alg
UC Berkeley receives anonymous, non-specific bomb threat
USC Marshall vs UCB Haas: Which is better overall and has a stronger alumni network.
In Another Massive Overreaction, the ASUC Judicial Council Decides To Publicly Execute Carol Christ Over A Parking Ticket
Applied Math + CS Double Major
Poli Sci 179 Notes (Spring 2019)
Was 2017 the inflection point for Berkeley's resurgence?
Class action complaint brought against Berkeley Bowl by former employee
I decided to do a megathread with all my driving-to-the-beach surf lists and update it periodically, rather than post one at a time (we sometimes travel, and sometimes just want to chill to sunny music).
The problem with the /r/berkeley mod team is that we give infantile adults with zero experience managing a community full control over a million+ users. There are going to be major issues no matter how you go about it because it takes experience to manage posts.
I have an interview with a Prof for working in their research over the summer today.
The problem with the ASUC is that we give kids with zero experience managing a company full control over a million+ dollars. There are going to be major issues no matter how you go about it because it takes experience to manage money.
The problem with the ASUC is that we give kids with zero experience managing a company full control over a million+ dollars. There are going to be major issues no matter how you go about it because it takes experience to manage money. College kids generally have none.
Do professors assign homework over breaks?
ELI5: Why are ASUC elections such a huge thing at Berkeley?
Is it ok to take Econ 136 before 100A/101A?
Will CS184 be offered in Spring 2020?
Sahai
Blackwell for freshman??
Berkeley Undergrad Pure Mathematics
housing with roommates: do you have to have the same preferences?
How to find 2019 Summer rentals at Fraternities?
Is it possible in the future for UC Berkeley to surpass MIT/Stanford as the 2nd best research university in the world?
Is Berkeley as cut-throat and competitive as people make it seem to be?
Lmfao @ CalTV having someone who worked on Amma's campaign report on Student Action's disqualification. Conflict of interest, have you heard of it?
Kiwibot faces accessibility issues.
Seniors! What would like to tell new admits coming in FA 19?
Graduating Seniors! What would you like to tell new admits coming to FA 19? (And here are mine)
How is the b*tch azz mod that keeps deleting my posts?
Interesting classes?
prerequisites for ugba 101a?
Upper Div Psych Classes
Blackwell Hall: A Warning
Cal rugby pounds UC Davis 141-3, advances to national quarterfinals
Have you ever actually seen cars parked at the Nobel Laureate reserve parkings?
Question about New Sequoia
Do I really need the custom book for Math53?
36 upper division units graduation requirement?
Accommodations for Test Anxiety?
Op-Ed | UC Berkeley SHIP's new insurance carrier could burden students
Forbes and Times know who is #1
Where everyone really wants to go...
All Student Action candidates disqualified by the ASUC
Before and After: Cal freshmen edition
Has any ME's taken ME 163 - Engineering Aerodyamics?
Anyone take CS 61A online?
Pol Econ or Media Studies?
How does my plan sound?
Got an A in CS61A, but failing CS170. Most likely will end up with D- or even an F in the class..
UC Berkeley Academic Reputation Rankings 2018-2019
Is data 8 offered online over the summer?
What happens if my future roommate goes to another school?
Freshman housing with kitchen?
CS 61A tips for incoming freshmen?
Anyone in Engineering 185 with Tsu-Jae King Liu?
naked run
What to do in summer before Berkeley?
MCB 102 Curve
Will I absolutely die in Math 54?
How much will getting a C (-/+) kill my career prospects down the road?
how to write berkeley waitlist essay
Research Interviews
Looking for ppl to fill summer housing till the start of next semester
high school community college work
Seeking Summer Parking
Seismic Issues with Housing?
CS70 vs 61C
Padres fans wya
Advice On Getting Into Med School
Best APs to take
Best APs to take to graduate early?
What exactly to AP credits do? Specifically CS major.
Course Advice (CivE)
Looking for ppl to fill summer housing till start of semester
PSYCH 133 as a non-psych major
Duke or Berkeley
UC Santa Cruz or UC Berkeley?
Community college students whose dream school is uc berk, pls chance me!!!
Everest properties
good places to buy a suit around here?
Berkeley to host student-run forum on May 6 about future visions of space tech and mobility in the industry. Leaders, space startup CEOs, professors to speak on robotics &amp; biology in outer space at Sibley.
High school senior unsure of what to do
Oski knows the answer to your most lingering Cal question...
anyone hear that boom on north side just now?
Waitlist Opt-In
Cal Alumni: How did you figure out your post-graduation life?
IB Credits at Berkeley
At least the view from up there is nice
At leas the view from up there is pretty nice
How difficult is it to get into the Economics major at UC Berkeley?
Do freshman in L&amp;S have a shot at getting UGBA 10?
Fake News Bears!
Does Data 8 usually expand to fill the waitlist?
In the FLESH.
Do I have a shot at transferring to UC Berkeley?
Difference between GMP and Haas Global Management Concentration?
New Berkeley downtown building will block the historic view from Campanile!
Do sorority girls exclusively hang out with only frat guys?
Film photography
How many total classes for L&amp;S CS
Too Damn Small, smh
CAL is #1 and here is proof: Screenshot from the US News Penis Ranking.
This NEEDS to end. CAL is #1 and here is proof: Screenshot from the US News Penis Ranking.
Is it okay to be scared?
Best Private equity / Investment banking route at cal?
What is a good Bay Area software engineer salary for students graduating with a bachelors in CS?
Be wary of the Kingman Co-op and the BSC in general
CS70 instead of Math 55 as a math major?
Is Data 8 a hard class?
If you are requesting a particular roommate, do you have to have the same order of dorm preferences?
Would this coursework be too difficult for first semester
Stop devaluing the humanities
What actually makes Berkeley CS great?
How much can you study abroad?
Data 8 for EECS major?
English 172
/r/berkeley, we need to talk. Our shitposting and memes could use some work. I will mod the top 5 *best quality* shitposters over the next 2 months. There will be a vote for the top 5. No bamboozles.
COE Blue petition
Ahh man wtf :/ I thought Cal would be higher
Class of 2023, why did you choose Berkeley?
Question about courses described on berkeleytime
Course load for freshman, potential math major
Summer Bridge
Cherry blossoms in full bloom on University Drive, near VLSB. [OC]
Berkeley's Last Year Transfer Decision Date?
registration for fall
Why are we always comparing ourselves to UCLA? They're not even on the same level. We should be looking at Stanfurd.
Student Action wins majority of senate seats for 2nd year in a row
Best Major for a product designer/engineer and hardware designer/engineer
Public Health Alumni: what are you doing now, after graduating?
Please please please be honest: For any economics or business majors at Berkeley, do you regret your choice?
Anyone know someone in Theta Chi?
Cost of living and life at Berkeley as a 20-year-old: questions from two Australians considering exchange
UCLA claims that they have bigger penises. Let's prove them wrong
Bowles Hall?
CS Scheduling Help
What are your ideas for a mini, outdoor retreat?
Great meetup everyone!!! There was great turnout and you were all wonderful. Thank you for coming by. Another reddit meetup will come before the end of this semester.
Bike stolen on Etcheverry/Soda breezeway
How many units should a premed freshman take per semester?
Skipping to Math 16B?
I'm here on Memorial Glade with a brown tarp. Come find us and say hi. There's food!
CS 189 not on Schedule Planner or Academic Guide
CS 61A summer before freshmen year
Highlights of Cal Day?
Summer Math Courses
Transfer admissions question
Nervous potential math major
Questions Regarding Housing
Good Off-Campus Therapists
Anyone looking for an apartment this summer? I’m looking to sublease mine
Transfer Student Changing Majors in College of Engineering Question
Reminder: Official r/berkeley meetup TOMORROW April 13th! 1-3pm on Memorial Glade!
Is UC Berkeley the right school for me?
CS 70 Fall 2018 (Sinclair and Song) Webcasts?
UCLA vs Rice vs UC Berkeley
High school senior a bit scared of going to UC Berkeley
Old editions of the yearbook?
any info of the unsolved murder in 2009? I cant find info and I heard about it recently because it was a cold case and apparently there's more info
Tanis - One of the oldest cities in the ancient world (Part 2)
BioE grad program vibe/student atmosphere?
UGBA 10 Curved?
EE127 Prereqs?
Multiple gun shots heard last night near Super Duper, Berkeley Law, and Clark Kerr (at different times)
Multiple gunshots heard last night near Super Duper, Berkeley Law, and Clark Kerr (at different times)
Open letter to the cowardly snitches who keep waking me up
Help getting into Frat party on Calday
Call for Mechanical Engineering Students
UC Berkeley Extension explores cooperation with UIC
Tips for applied math transfers?
thoughts on Summer Session?
Housing Question
[Post-game Thread] EE16A Midterm 2
Smoker Grad, International House or Northside apartment?
homework grade in CS70 effect on final grade?
Is it possible to switch from LSA to CoE?
Easy Classes for Reading and Comp requirement
Questions about Decals…
Financial highlights of UC Berkeley from 2012-2018
What I Wish I Knew Before College
UC Berkeley, UC Irvine, UC Davis pre-med?
EECS 127, CS 188, CS 285 (previously CS 294-112) workload?
Hi, I'm interested in applying for Ph.d on EECS for UC Berkeley, need some advice
Was this at Sproul or Hearst?
Possible EECS Minors
CS182 Midterm 2
UC Berkeley student withdraws after struggling with campus bureaucracy
Which is more competitive to transfer into Mechanical Engineering or Nuclear Engineering?
$$ Research opportunity!
CS70 with Song and Sinclair vs Math 55 with Shende?
MechE Major + CS/EECS Minor Job Prospects
cal marching band
How important is a research paper to get into UCB for MSCS
Stanford's outpan.com is now available to UC Berkeley students
Where to look for lost water bottle?
Conditions of admission
Shoutout to the only driver available for door to door service due to strike
IM Nightmare
Worth completing pre-requisites in summer before college?
Housing gym?
Incoming Freshman here
dance classes/learning how to dance
EECS sample schedules
Waitlist Question -- changing majors
Anyone have a bicycle allen wrench?
Parties on Cal Day?
Yugioh at Berkeley?
Data science degree questions
Berkeley with 128k in initial debt vs Northeastern with 40k in debt?
Introduction Cryptocurrency Workshop 【Thu, Apr 11, 2019 6:30PM – 9:30PM PDT @ Chou Hall N500】
Are there any public bike pumps near Northside?
Average salary of Berkeley full professors is $201,700, ranked #2 among all public universities
Have fall 2019 final exam groups been released?
Do dual enrollment classes apply for my cal gpa?
KASAgate
Elections are still live! Vote in people who'll stop the KASA madness!
Summer sublets available?
Where is your favorite place to study?
Talking to new admits
math 1B at cc before freshman year
Is majoring in humanities a bad idea career-wise, even at Cal?
Are the CS BA classes’ projects hard??
When transfering, do they look at classes from years ago?
Is there a sandblaster available for students to use on campus?
Is going to Cal Day worth it?
Incoming Freshman AP Credits Question
Why does it takes sooo long to process papers at Berkley compared to other schools?
Is Berkeley.edu down?
Is there a reason why Stat 88 isn't listed on the Fall 2019 course catalog?
Questions about EECS
Is the cal grant the same as the MCS or Berkeley scholarship?
Is the berkeley loan the same as a Cal Grant?
Tired of getting average on exams
Berkeley Haas or USC Marshall?
Lost ID. If it's yours or you know the guy, it's at Beverly Cleary
Berkeley or UCSB?
Waitlist essay...
Who knows Adult Sport Leagues in or around Berkeley??
Incoming Freshmen: Take this Online Course!
Tech Companies Paying College Loans with Contract
Chem 3A/AL or Bio 1A/AL over summer?
Really want to join Quidditch but intimidated
What should I do to get in to Cal from community college?
CS + Econ Double majors wya
Expanding CS Summer Classes?
Why is Berkeley so poor SMH...
Questions about philosophy minor
Advice choosing classes (is STAT 20 and MATH 53 too much?)
New BerkeleyTime UI
Subleasing a single in the metropolitan
Access to UC Berkeley Material after Grace Period Ends?
Economics (BA) changed to Econometric and Quantitative Economics (BS) ?
How Much Does Joining a Frat Cost?
How rich is your school? EVERYTHING you need to know about top-tier US universities' finances!
EVERYTHING you need to know about top-tier US universities' finances!
Do any other departments post professor evaluations publicly?
Deciding between one-year transfer to UNC or trying for Cal
Campus casual at info sessions
Info on ChemE PDP program?
Grad student community
Recommended Stats, Math, CS classes?
UC Berkeley Font?
Prospective Freshman with A LOT of questions
Is UC Berkeley worth it for OOS
Anyone else having sleepless / cant sleep nights?
Georgia Tech &gt; Berkeley for Engineering
Question about CalNet ID Creation
Best / Easiest non major upper divisions?
Free Exploratory Online Course for Incoming Freshman
ASUC Exit Poll (Unofficial)
In light of the recent KASA revelations: a petition for fair ASUC funding and oversight for student organizations
Vote Milton Zerman
Average Grades and GPA by Major
General Advice About Cal Day
What are the registration dates for each class this year?
Test
Help! Need to See in Casa Zimbabwe
Insight for a prospective Berkeley Student
California SB 24 approved, to allow medical abortion access at UCs
Suicide Hotlines @ Cal?
Course Plan for CS
Getting laid?
do i ever take math 53
Help me with my art project! Anonymously text me your deepest secret, or something you want to get off your chest.
What happened to Lightroom CC?
ECON 240A/B after ECON 140?
Has anyone ever gotten a job offer from resume drops?
Art Courses for Photography: Recommendations/Discussion
Is 61b really that much easier with hilfinger? BerkeleyTime shows 50% A/A+
Where could I purchase an Ethernet cable in walking distance of Unit 3?
is David Culler a good prof for cs162?
Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is holding a recruitment information session on June 13th in Berkeley, CA!
X-Post from Overheard: KASA gets a yuuuuuge paycheck (again)
The More “Academic” Social Frats
Is Chem 135 course captured?
Has anyone petitioned to late drop? What is the process like?
Just recently got a Chegg account and would like to help provide solutions
Looking for Deaf/HoH people or those fluent in ASL!
Accepted after being waitlisted at Cal.
iPhone WiFi fix?
Cold-Emailing Experiences
Question on Math courses
Will I get into IND ENG 142 as an Econ major? How hard is it to enroll?
I'm a Libertarian Running for ASUC Senate. AMA
How difficult is Classic R44?
Possibility of taking classes as a non-student
Students In All-Female Cal Dorm Complain Of Mice, Bed Bugs, Broken Appliances, No Hot Water - YouTube
Advice: Quantum Physics over Summer?
Financial situation--potential options?
Unity Theme Housing?
Hey friends, u/happycalifornian here with something to share about ASUC elections.
Chemistry 105 Grading
What would you recommend for a relatively easy, interesting Philosophy Breadth class?
Question about Blue Meal Plan
Official /r/berkeley meetup coming up on Cal Day! Saturday, April 13th. Location @ Memorial Glade, from 1pm to 3pm. This one isn't getting canceled for weather.
Southside vs Downtown for off campus housing
Course Advice
Cal streamer who broke world record for most hours streamed in 30 days proposes to his girlfriend on stream (LivestreamFail)
Too late to find summer subleasers?
What happens if you cancel your Freshman Edge summer program?
Would just going out to Memorial on 4/20 be a good way to make friends that smoke?
Places to Buy Cheap Loose Leaf Tea?
crashing the reception
berkeley political ecnomy vs georgetown walsh of foreign serviec?
Scared of committing to Berkeley Chemical Engineering over UCLA/Gatech
WMAF couples are a cancer
Why should I choose UC Berkeley over UCLA?
QUESTION ABOUT HOUSING. PRICING!!
What's it like--running for office at Cal?
“I had grown up believing that the lighter the color of one’s skin, the better. I unconsciously believed that the more European someone was, the better.”
Do Berkeley Charge You More/ Decrease Your Aid After First Year?
EEP: ENVECON C102 v C101
Transfer within COE as a transfer
Super bloom spots
Students In All-Female Cal Dorm Complain Of Mice, Bed Bugs, Broken Appliances, No Hot Water
How is the Masters of Engineering program?
Going to parties while living off-campus?
How is ee127 with Bayen?
Anyone have experiences taking Persian/Farsi classes at Berkeley?
housing option
Is there some sort of negative consequence regarding financial aid for the next semester if you don't pass at least 13 units?
Global Edge?
Becoming a California resident as an Out-of-State Applicant
Public Health Research
Consulting Clubs
CS70 and EECS126 concurrently?
Has anyone taken ColWrit 25AC or GeogC55? If so, what kind of assignments determine your grade in either class? And do you need to be an international student to take the 25AC class?
Can someone advise me on frats?
Waitlist admission question
Are the tuition fees listed on Berkeley's website annual or for the whole undergrad program.
DISC Summer Program
Reviews of Berkeley's English department?
Berkeley or UCLA? - for Pre-Med
Is Cal worth it?
Promoting Berkeley to incoming freshmen
Stanfurd implicated in second college admissions scandal
What should I do for MCB 103?
chance me for econ major?
Pace of summer courses (CS 70)
Survey on Mental Health - CAL
Berkeley now estimates there are 2K homeless people who come through the city in a year
When can first-year students register for housing?
Do you have to be in L&amp;S to attempt a double major in CS or DS?
Alums in NALCS?
New Cal Admits
CS/Business degree or CS bachelors + MBA
PrEP for Berkeley students?
Summer Housing
Interesting Upper Division Political Science or Public Policy Classes?
P/Np CS189, as CS/Math Double Major, Intending Grad school in Math?
Pre-frosh wants to know whether off-campus living + grocery shopping is feasible and if anyone's done this before.
Cant stop procrastinating before undergrad degree. Help!
Has anyone received their Fall 2018 Diploma yet?
RA waitlist
Is ee16a unrelated to cs61a?
Declaring as Data Science in L&amp;S
[MCB IMMUNO] Should I take MCB 150 and 150L together or separately?
In 30 minutes, a former Bear will break the world record for most hours streamed on Twitch in 30 days!
CS Appeal Advice?
Senior grades to not get rescinded?
Thinking of pnp ee16a
TIL fantasy author Ursula K. Le Guin was the daughter of Berkeley anthropologist Alfred Kroeber, whom Kroeber Hall is named after.
Campus speakers, expert talks, events at Cal
Please ban the bots in the Berkeley chat room
I'm a UC (San Diego) alum living in the bay. Looking for a talented full-stack dev to work with on a project.
How to opt-out of CalNet two factor authentication?
Do I have to report and pay taxes on my CAA scholarship?
How would it look to employers if I did CS 170 P/NP?
CNR to L&amp;S?
How serious is P/NP credit taken?
Will not getting the IB Diploma get me rescinded?
Summer Housing
Perspective on the Public Health Major
EE127 materials
Physics &amp; EECS
Has anyone taken ENG 120 (Engineering Economics)?
IF YOU'RE WONDERING IF YOU'LL BE ABLE TO DECLARE CS/ECON/GET INTO HAAS/GET A GOOD PREMED GPA
CS Major studying more EE?
Restaurants to take friends, family to?
Best CS DeCals?
Tips for waitlisted students at Berkeley?
naked run
Waitlist Question
Civil Engineering Major at Cal
Things to self-study from CS70 before CS170
Which breath class is webcasted?
What
Econ vs. Poli Sci vs. Bio
How's the food at Berkeley?
If I live on campus do I have to eat at dining hall?
Grad School and Job Prospects as a CS Major
Taking R1A and R1B together?
Pyeong Chang Tofu House in Berkeley with Dandy.Eats | Food Plug
How did you all figure out which classes to take? I’m intending on becoming a CS/Econ double major.
Help me on my course schedule!
Chances of getting into a co op?
Poli Sci 179 google doc
Hearthstone Fireside Gatherings
Large venues near campus?
A Dog Whistle Sounds Loud Over Campus Today.
Professor Mahesh Srinivasan
Waitlist Question
Shadow A Math Major Day
The meetup this coming Saturday is canceled AGAIN due to bad weather. Meetup is now going to be on Cal Day. This meetup will happen even if it's hailing outside. Official meetup thread with details coming soon.
CS70 Curve
CS70 Midterm average was a 43%
Outcome of completing CS61A/B
(possibly) Entering L&amp;S as a Freshman this Fall — need help with which courses I wanna take
FUCK UC BERKELEY AND FUCK THE RICH
Two CC summer classes?
Cal EECS vs UCLA CSE
Questions on Theater 10, Data 100, and CS 70.
Has anyone here taken Muslims in America?
fuck ee16b
Does foundations of Data science usually get filled by the time undeclared L&amp;S freshman get the chance to sign up for classes?
Keeps you energized during your '11.5 hr study sessions'
ChemE experience/tips
Logistics of Japanese/Korean 1A?
Advice on attending UT vs UCB?
CS 61B , math 54 and econ 100B together?!
Math major at Cal
What to wear for graduation
Phil 12A over summer
Overnight Stay Program (OSP)
this is death right
Retaining Google Drive files after graduation
Honest talk: do you feel URM (black, latinx) students are treated better by the school than ORM student (white, asians)?
Chances of Declaring CS in College of L&amp;S
Success stories of EECS students going to top-tier grad schools?
EE 106A without EE 120?
For people who have taken CS 161
Umich CS LSA vs Berkeley L&amp;S CS undergraduate
UGBA 96 Data and Decisions
Should I choose Berkeley?
Questions about Data Science major and if Berkeley is right for me
Is it hard to enroll into CS courses as an undeclared l&amp;s student?
How should I refer to the school?
Data Science
ECON 140 Midterm Cheating fiasco, Let's not let it DIE!!
Appealing a decision
accepted highschool senior needs info to decide whether to be a Berkeley bear
How is the curve for CS 61A, Math 54 and CS8 over the summer?
CS270 vs. CS172?
Take my survey! Please! Oh jeez!
Retaking an Emergency Drop
Does the naked run still happen?
Anthro 2ac past midterms
Berkeley Free and For Sale
Anthro 2ac notes
Studying Abroad Fall 2019 - sublease availability?
Is premed at UC Berkeley actually that bad???
Anyone in ESPM C10?
Admited student visiting, but all tours are full. Any tips?
Is there an official FB or groupme for class of 2023?
college of chemistry
For those in CS70...
Head to Instagram and follow @merch.house! All social and academic fraternities/sororities are encouraged to participate
Data 8 or 61a over the summer?
Ex-IBDP students
What is it like to be a political science major...?
If Oski Bear fought Joe Bruin in a boxing match, who would win?
What are easy breadth classes? Preferably memorization over essays
Movie Theater Discounts
Waitlist Question!
quinn xcii concert
Overseen in soda basement
Need Advice choosing between UCB L&amp;S Neurobiology and UT Austin CNS Neuroscience Entry-level!!!
Is it normal for Berkeley staff and administrators to not reply to emails?
Should I do PNP for Philos 3?
No. 3 Cal rugby takes down No. 1 Saint Mary's to finish regular season
We need to protest the ASUC's ridiculous tax
E7 and Math1B during Summer session?
Question about Berkeley Summer Sessions
61A and Math 54
AP credit/math courses question
Does anyone have Frenkel's Math 53 Final for Spring 2017 or Fall 2016?
Anyone else not able to select Fall 2019 for Schedule Planner?
Recs for an online R1B in summer?
senior weekend
One of the oldest cities in the ancient world
Couple questions related to summer class
EE(CS) 126 vs CS 174?
Can I transfer from College of Natural Resources to College of Letters and Sciences?
Is it possible to take a gap year in the first year as an undergraduate?
Pre Haas
What should I do in this case
Questions from A L&amp;S CS Admit
Linkedin Endorsement Exchange
What did Dan say today in 61a
Testing for online courses
Coed Roommate?
Foreign Language Requirement??
T-shirt’s???
How bad would it be if I do CS 170 P/NP?
How much of a social life can you have with L&amp;S CS
Hi class of '23 here, can someone pls explain if this means I am into Haas or etc. If not what does it mean specifically at B?
Is UC Berkeley a friendly environment? Do you enjoy living there?
I want to get a bike for casual riding around campus, what's a good store?
Berkeley engineer charged with trying to poison a colleague to death
Has anyone been accepted from the waitlist without sending their 7th semester grades?
Boosted board belt tightening
Vote for Berkeley Haas in the 2019 best Business School bracket challenge (final 8)! Beat Wharton!
Summer Internship Opportunity: Ivy League Camps (NO CHINESE LANGUAGE EXPERIENCE NEEDED)
Cal Day advice
CalNet questions
No. 3 Cal overcomes No. 10 Arizona, wins conference
Thinking about doing CS 189 in Fall 19
Berkeley commission designates all of District 4 a historic landmark
Need help in EECS courses? Individual tutoring available from EECS PhD student
Asking for a friend: if you’re nutritional sciences major or anything of that sort is grade deflation and the competition real?
How is Berkeley’s 5th Year MS for EECS/CS students?
CS61A over summer
STAT 140 or EECS 126?
Older Adults for website testing :) $15 for 30 mins
UGSI/Tutor pay in DATA 8/61A
Fall 2019 Course Advice
Active clubs during summer?
Does berkeley pay for flights for admitted students to visit?
Can I go to Cal if I Not accepted?
Since a lot of you ignore stickied threads, please click this link to head on over to the ASUC AMA thread.
We're the ASUC, UC Berkeley's student government. Ask us anything!
How difficult will L&amp;S CS be as someone who has close to 0 programming exp?
Econ majors – how is Scott Carson as a professor?
opt out of on campus housing for continuing student?
CS-&gt;Business advice?
Didn’t take the December SAT that I said I was planning to
How's the SHIP Health Insurance Program at Cal?
Dorms with the hottest girls
CS turned Haas advice?
Incoming freshman looking for a roomie
Regent scholar housing????????
Is there anybody here who transferred into Data Science/CS from Community College?
Summer Classes at Local State University
Data 8?
I don't get how I'm supposed to do well in CS172
Berkeley or USC? (do I dare ask that here?)
Any bioengineering students who got off the waitlist in the past years? How did you approach the optional essay ? Is it possible to get off the waitlist ?
Is this craigslist housing post a scam?
Does anyone know where this is in Berkeley? My package was aparently delivered to the wrong address.
Facebook group
Cal Cognitive Science program
CS10 in the summer to gain programming experience?
Major for hopeful data scientist
Distinguished EECS Professors
How do I minimise my COA as an international student?
Berkeley L&amp;S CS vs. UCLA CS HSSEAS
BioE + B?
Berkeley Haas vs Georgetown MSB
How selective is the Cal Boxing club?
UC Berkeley vs UCLA
Anyone who applied to Transfer To Excellence?
UCLA or Berkeley?
p/np a class while on academic probation
Has anyone ever had Professor Marsden for Chemistry 3B?
Is Fall Program for Freshman worth it?
deciding not to take some AP tests that I initially said I would be taking?
Pros and cons of Berkeley?
Can I go to Cal day if I was waitlisted?
Can I "take" CS 70 via Credit by Examination to declare CS?
Trouble getting my CalNet ID
Visiting! What should I see?
Tips for Econ Major
What to do if not accepted into Haas?
Tips on writing an appeal letter??
CS61A Online Exam Proctoring
How/where do you guys usually eat lunch?
Quick question about summer financial aid
Suicide attempt on Shattuck and Alston
DataHub Jupyter Error?
Cal vs Georgetown
CS majors, what’s your daily laptop?
Registration priority?
When do I sign up for summer classes?
The Cal Men’s Swimming and Diving team has won the 2019 NCAA Championship
Incoming Freshman EECS
L&amp;S CS
Hate Painting? Affordable Painters at your service
Enrollment Times (Not An Incoming Freshman)
Math 110+CS 61A+CS 70?
Windows or Mac for Mechanical Engineering??
What are manageable summer classes?
Political Science Reading Recommendations?
When's the meme page reopening?
Berkeley Waitlist Questions Gr
Waitlist help!
How hard is Data Science Major?
Want to be a UX designer but don't know what to major in?
How does roommate matching work?
Econ 1 + Chem 3B over the summer?
Gretzky -Taking Lives [Rap] (Official Video)
Best Berkeley Housing Option?
Berkeley rescinded?
Why do you guys like Berkeley? I always seem to be hearing about the cons, what are the pros? [Serious]
Newly accepted student! Switching degree?
Cancelling AP exams
Accepted to Berkeley L&amp;S CS Vs. UCSD Computer Engineering. Any advice?
How’s the future looking for Cal sports?
opinions on when to take cs70 (summer or nah)?
At an impasse(Berkeley L&amp;S vs. UCSD EE)
Which one is better: UC Berkeley or University of Virginia?
would co-op housing be a bad fit for me?
FRESHMAN SIGN UP FOR CLASSES
The share of Americans not having sex has reached a record high
CS 10 or CS 61A for the summer?
How to find out pickup soccer schedule?
Waitlisted engineering
DORMS hALp
Cal hires Mark Fox as new men's basketball coach
Undergraduate Admissions Update Form
Introducing /r/chegg_solutions
Hey new admits to Cal join our discord!
Cal hires Mark Fox as the new head MBB coach
QUESTION ABOUT SELECTIVE ADMISSIONS IN WL
CS 70 DeCal
Anyone know what’s up with the guy who stands outside and talks shit by La Val’s and Stuffed In?
Transfer
Transfer Options
And the mediocrity continues...
Switching from EECS to L&amp;S CS
Click here to join the official UC Berkeley Discord channel!
Waitlist q
L&amp;S CS + Greek Life?
Just b/c you've been accepted to Cal doesn't mean you've been accepted to /r/Berkeley
Wallpapers?
NYU Stern vs Berkeley
Should I take CS 189 sophomore fall or hold off till the spring?
Housing &amp; Safety at Berkeley
Choosing between berkeley and cornell
First Year Pathways Problem
OOS cost of attendance
what day is the naked run this semester?
Any other options for haas-rejects besides for Econ?
EE in EECS
I missed my test today because of my car. Is this a well-written note or should I revise?
Housing at Berkeley
Help a waitlisted girl out! (Political Science)
How is fencing (sabre) in Berkeley?
Any advice on course?
Wait-listed: need some advice
It was a dream
Day In The Life at UC Berkeley
OOS students: how are you paying for your tuition?
Incoming Chemistry Freshman!
What’s the difference between EECS major and the CS major?
Listing of Berkeley CS courses with public resources
This subreddit needs a rule against easily searchable questions
Berkeley Admit Here with a CS question
Made a discord for UCB Class of 2023 admits!
Incoming Freshman asking about EE classes.
Waitlisted student here asking for advice
Is the debt worth it as OOS student?
New Admits! Welcome! Although you are not required to use the Megathread for basic questions, it would be very cool if you did. If you're not getting good answers in the Megathread, feel free to make a new thread.
anyone know how to sign up to volunteer for cal day?
Does Financial aid change depending on if you do on-campus or off-campus housing?
Replacing required classes with higher level equivalents
IND ENG 185 and 191
Does my landlord have the right to raise my rent if my boyfriend moves in?
Local Community Colleges Offering Summer Math 54 Equivalent
Housing Options For Next Academic Year
Congrats to all the new admits!
Is there anyone who was at CREAM 15 minutes ago who witnessed the accident at Channing and Telegraph?
How's blackwell hall for CS major?
Lost dog in Oakland near Lake Merritt. Any help is greatly appreciated.
Has anyone taken info 188 for data science ethics req? How was it?
Stellrr Insulation &amp;#038; Spray Foam | Best Austin Attic
Declaring ORMS
Berkeley affirms ban on overnight RV parking — once permit system is in place
Skipping Econ01?
Please keep your eyes out
Does Haas consider the gpa of courses taken at community colleges prior to admission to Berkeley?
advice on whether to take IMT decal next semester?
Should I get an MCB degree?
Is Berkeley really for me?...
Considering CS as a ChemE Freshman
Is it true that for the intro-level CS courses (CS61A, CS61B, CS70), close to 60% make a B+ or higher?
How does the RSF work??
Graduate Housing Decisions
Will CS61C during summer be webcasted?
Physics 8B over summer?
Berkeley’s Changing Landscape: 2019 Housing and Development Round-Up
Grades from CC Classes
Are we allowed to take classes at CCs for PNP?
Stuck in Berkeley over break and want to drink
UC Berkeley Student Robbed at Gunpoint
BSEE from San Jose State University; MBA or MEng EECS?
Vote for Berkeley Haas in the 2019 Best B-School Bracket Challenge: Sweet 16 !
Judge Rules College Republicans' Lawsuit Against University of California Can Move Forward
Is Berkeley's faculty/administration/student body becoming more liberal or more conservative (or moderate) overtime?
SCET Certificate in Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology
Senior having questions about admissions
affordable-ish UCB housing for grad student
GMP Inquiry
any1 in South Bay wanna study cs70?
Looking to apply to UC-Berkeley as an undergrad
WHO SAYS EVANS HALL IS UGLY
Thoughts on Martinez Commons RH Dorms
Housing options for someone with sleep problems?
Can I take Physics 7A over summer @ community college?
Please Help BPD Locate this Sexual Battery Suspect
Overhead view of campus (1919)
Michael Avenatti arrested on federal charges of wire fraud and extortion
Looking for a Co-Op roommate in the Bay Area for June-December (X-post from r/rit)
Possible internship in the bay area, how difficult would it be to find a room/sublet?
HAAS Undergraduate Interview- Transfer
Math 54 Summer
Spela bara på svenska casino sajter!
ChemE Major: Minor in CS or graduate early
Stat 20 after stat 2
Rainy Day Grad Photo Shoot
Should I accept my offer into HAAS?
Looking for advices - vending robots on Berkeley
Berkeley startup needs advices
WMAF (white male asian female) couples are out of control
What to do if locked out of dorms over spring break?
Source: Cal has fired men’s basketball coach Wyking Jones.
View a few days ago from the top of Panoramic Way!
any miracle stories/almost miracle stories for eecs admits?
Transferring to UCB as CS major
What do I do between end of freshman housing (May 19) and move-in for June 1 leases?
Renta de casas en Berkeley Berkeley - BuscaloNow.com
How to maximize chances of getting accepted into Berkeley as a CC transfer student?
Do you have to leave at 120 units ? I’m currently at 59 and I’m only a sophomore ? I haven’t even declared a major which I will do before the semester ends.
post-grad living situation
CS Freshman Internship
Summer Classes and Data 8
A bear enjoying spring break :)
UCPD chief clarifies details of controversial arrest, ASUC calls for officers' suspension
Any classmates want to collaborate?
Is living in Telegraph Commons that bad?
$0 in Financial Aid for 2019–20 on CalCentral? Why?
Anyone taking UC Berkley Extension Course concurrently?
Adobe CC: "Service access denied due to missing privileges."
Prospective School Psychology Masters Student Seeking information on Average Accepted Student Stats
Differences between martial arts clubs?
Math 53 Study Partner/Group(Zworski)
How many extra semesters can you get?
Sucky Midterm + Chance for Rebound?
Plagiarism
Old Berkeley Programming Assignments?
Is it possible to TA for 2 CS classes in the same semester?
Cal reportedly retaining Wyking Jones for a third season
Cal Dining unveils new meal plans beginning fall 2019
What is the P/NP cutoff for Japanese 10B?
HS Junior- Retake SAT Essay?
Can I get some context on why UC Berkely Claims they allow free speech, when there's evidence they don't condone it at all? https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/b436cg/does_this_look_like_thriving_to_you/
I freaking love this campus
Watching Course Captures Offline
Anyone ever taken a class on UC-Berkeley extension?
International Student Taking Summer Course Questions
I need to add some units to my schedule in order to qualify for a scholarship, any suggestions of good classes I'd be able/should consider joining?
Thoughts on Fung Institute MEng?
Are Berkeley liberals mostly the hippie-stoner type or the SJW type?
Muslim students pray on campus at the eucalyptus grove (1946)
Frat Parties??
Guy drives car down stairs outside of GPBB/Koshland
any thoughts on math w53 over the summer?
Finding a new roommate
Didn’t get a job offer for an internship this summer. Is it worth it to keep looking, or should I take summer classes and graduate a semester early?
Did anyone else’s PGE bill SKYROCKET this month?
Is the Cal Alumni Association lifetime membership worth it?
Applied Math Electives
Research
Violent crime and property crime were down in Berkeley in 2018
Lowest SAT score
Math 53+54 over the summer?
UCB Student accusses Cal football players and coaches of sexual harassment
And I thought our foorball team was bad enough
The newest Berkeley Telegraph Ave. thrill in 2 days
Denero and Weaver seen in 2nd floor soda
UCB student accuses Cal Football Staff of sexual harassment
Our very own Associated Students of the University of California (the ASUC) will be a hosting an AMA on April 1st in the /r/berkeley subreddit
UC Berkeley Peregrine falcons have laid 2 eggs! Watch live on cameras mounted on Campanile
UC Berkeley jumps in Peace Corps rankings, remains all-time top volunteer producer
Fuck Your Community. -Prophet Muhammad
Watching lecture videos offline
anywhere quiet on campus for phone interview?
Posted in the ‘Discussions’ section of bCourses for MCB104
Nuclear engineering ms program
Opinions on the EECS/MSE joint major.
What's the best website to find housing off campus?
What's your experience/opinion of the homeless population around?
&lt;Aspirant SkyDeck Team Recruiting&gt; Please look here if you want to work on CS, finance, market research, electronics, mechanical systems or IoT
Surfing spots around the Bay?
Campus investigating stun gun incident
Co op vs greek life
How difficult is Chem 1AL final?
Seniors! Do not support our commencement speaker or TFA
Has anyone taken CS 182?
Will I be able to enroll in cs170 and cs188 in the fall?
Math and Stats shirt?
Wooden maps of Berkeley I made (art)
Any advice on finding a ride?
Where can I get face tats in Berkeley?
Looking for people to play Pool with
Coop question
Advice After Data 8 Midterm
UCPD arrests 2 Black students, leading to backlash from community
Summer Session Costs
UC berkeley housing
Cal investigating former crew team member linked to college admissions scandal
looking for advice in cs61a and also general studying?
Summer Courses: 61A and Data 8?
Cal Black Student Union Press Release: UCPD reportedly harassed multiple black students
Berkeley council narrowly overturns zoning board approval of 2701 Shattuck
housing app
Bringing non berkeley students to work out together???
Memorial stadium gym
Failing a one credit in my last semester?
Best way to self-study cs189?
chem 3a curve
If Nothing is Appearing on My Housing Application Yet, Does That Mean I Won't Get Anything?
Classes not Loading on CalCentral
Escaped Shiba Inu near Southside.
Why did they take your old grades off CalCentral
CS164 with Koushik Sen
Anyone in Math 110 who wants to start meeting up a few times to work on the HW together?
Does anyone know what supervisors have access to regarding their student workers? Like unit count, classes, etc?
UC Berkeley scientists cure blindness in mice.
Official /r/berkeley meetup coming up right after Spring Break! Saturday, April 6th. Location @ Memorial Glade, from 1pm to 3pm
Official /r/berkeley meetup coming up! Saturday, March 30th. Location @ Memorial Glade, from 1pm to 3pm
Martinez housing assignment question
Did someone see me crash at Milvia and Addison st last night on my motorcycle?
Why does UC Berkeley have undergraduate GSIs?
P/NP a class decision?
How bad of an idea is taking 189 in the fall as a second-year?
Anyone hear that loud noise
I offer coursehero unlocks,chegg,scribd unlocks, ebooks, pdfs and also do homework tutoring.Pm me if you need help with any of the above.
cs61a online as freshman
Applying to berkeley's cs masters or ds masters with bad gpa?
Scholarships for international students
UC transfer to Cal
Savory corn/elotes in Berkeley?
Business Law Class
Come to Upper Sproul for the UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk! I starts today at 12pm and registration is free. Also there are llamas.
This is why over a thousand people righteously stopped Milo from speaking at UCB.
Come to the UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk! Going on right now on Upper Sproul.
Amazing Dusk Setting Over Berkeley! GO BEARS!!
Am conceptualizing an NGO in a refugees camp in Uganda so looking for either anon or technical cofounder
UGBA 107 - Haas Business Ethics with Ross - Midterm Confusion
Are you a homeless student at Cal with no plans for Easter?
Channing bowditch single vs martinez single?
Continuing Student Housing Offers (2019-2020)
Single Suite in Foothill?
Lower Sproul Plaza on Friday night be like...
How are the apartments in New Sequoia like?
Brand new apple earpods needed
UC Berkeley named in college admissions scandal
those beads touching one another...
When swiping into the RSF, do they check if you look like your ID photo?
How are Blackwell single rooms like?
Where to get leftover and free packing peanuts and bubble wrap?
UC Berkeley's 2019 Commencement speaker will be Wendy Kopp
Cal Spring Game on Saturday at 11 AM, come check out the progress we've (hopefully) made over the past few weeks
Has anyone taken Philos 3? Should I do pnp for this class?
Chinese Interview
Climate change protest
Recruiting tool update: Calling all students seeking Internships / Jobs in 2019, our Beta Sign up is here!
ASUC is hesitant to create a designated representative for transfer students because of "legal concerns"
Too soon?
Following up on cold email?
Cal After Dark: An interview with professor Josh Hug
Past due balance deadline - fees placed with a collection agency?
Econ 140 Midterm: Did anyone else see those guys cheating?
ESPM 50AC Midterm
Nick Weaver (CS61C/161 professor) is currently engaged in a Shit-Slinging fight with Michael Avenatti on Twitter
Where to get a fake ID near campus?
How does the workload of 61b/70/16b compare to 61c/170/186?
320 on GRE enough ?
should I NP my academic interning
Lower Sproul at 11 PM be like
Right time to find apartments?
How is Music20A graded?
Are Sahai + Gireeja a thing?
UC Berkeley Research Report
Has anyone taken VS 265 (Neural Computation)?
lmfao LGBTQ would add an ‘S’ onto the end to stand for “species fluid relationships” for humans who like to fuck Pokémon’s.
Fuck
Cal falls to Colorado in Pac-12 Tournament
How is music 20a graded
Cal blanks UCLA, stays perfect in Pac-12 with 81-0 victory
Has anyone heard back from the Reshall Tutor Position?
Public University =/= Public Space
When you do poorly on a midterm and vandalize the Professor's Wikipedia Page
Heading to Berkeley? That's now Ohlone territory
42 Percent Of Women Masturbate To Coworkers' Social Media Pics according to study
AutomotiveVintage.com Classic Car News &amp;ndash; Tagged &amp;quot;car club&amp;quot; &amp;ndash; Automotive Vinta
Anyone taking econ 140?
Scan entire book in Berkeley? ScanSnap?
Posted in Cal's Lost &amp; Found Page....a "USB"
TIL the inaugural Big Game between Cal and Stanford in 1892 was organized by Herbert Hoover, the 31st president of the United States, while he was a student at Stanford.
B.C Philanthropist is accused of paying $100k for U.C Berkeley son's SAT Score
It Took a While, But California Is Now Almost Completely Out of Drought
For grad student Malika Imhotep, devotion to black feminist study is a life practice
How competitive is the Reshall Tutor Position?
Stanford Sailing Coach John Vandemoer charged in college entrance exams cheating scandal.
yeah that’s right, I’m an EELS major
should i finish my double major in psych
What exactly is Astron 199 in summer session?
Will ee16a be offered this summer?
Working on Recreating the Campanile in Minecraft
can i take out subsidized loans from last sem?
UC Berkeley computer science students push back against 80-hour workweek
Daily Cal says 80 workweek typical for CS students
Garage Door Services Tauranga - Alan Garage Doors Servicing
Prospective Freshman Math Major; how is it there?
Sean Spicer is Coming to Berkeley
24 hour fitness in Berkeley closing
Trump demands deep cuts in science spending.
What is the warmest library to study in?
Whoever codes like this goes to stanford.....
Places to study?
EE 16A and EE 16B and/or Math 54 for EECS
Transferring with 2 W's
When do they stop selling Breakfast Burritos?
Where on campus to do a phone interview?
Biophysics classes at Cal?
Fuck daylight savings time.
To all assholes who stop their cars on the right lane on durant with hazard lights
Comedy groups/clubs at Berkeley
How to get involved in summer research?
Where to find metalheads
Coop Apartments - Rochdale vs Fenwick
2019 National College Hackathon at UC Berkeley
Survey for $25 Amazon Gift Card!
How is parking in North Berkeley BART station now?
Senior freaking out about graduating after a bad midterm
I’m a incoming freshman intending to major in L&amp;S CS. What are the chances that GPA requirement for major declaration will increase from the current 3.3 GPA by the time I will declare?
Berkeley Confession Page reaching new heights
Any Places on Campus with Drum sets?
Local robot delivery service KiwiBot shutting down Android app
Econ 100A how to prepare for the 2nd Midterm?
Another Confessions post makes it to the front page
Places on campus that have raspberry pis?
Civic Survey
L&amp;S minimum unit requirement
Is this MCB/CS double major schedule possible?
Taking both cs162 and cs188 over the summer
How I see Berkeley.
If I am admitted to L&amp;S (intending on pursuing CS) can I minor in Mechanical Engineering?
Berkeley Alumni Who've Changed the World: Petro Vlahos, 3x Oscar Award Winner and Special Effects Pioneer
[#21] Welcome to Cal, new admits! Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
Anyone wanna play basketball this weekend (rsf)
Why does UC Berkeley have so many negative user ratings on Google Maps?
SATURDAY SHAKE UP: BART computers out... No service running anywhere with no clue when service will be restored.
Anyone have course information on CS 61A?
Thoughts on Summer Classes as a visiting UC student
How can I start a Runescape at Berkeley (similar to UCSD) and would people be interested in joining?
Is it better to take eecs courses that will better prepare you for work or those that interest you even if they're not so useful?
Sunset spot on northside?
Cal’s “Counter-Strike” season comes to a premature and disappointing end
Late Night at UC Berkeley
Would I be capable of minoring in English without having taken AP Lit?
Looking for a campus tour guide for April 6th for a small group
premed @ucb-biggest regrets?
Advice for Data 8 Midterm
In need of student survey participants...
More international tech giants recruiting at Berkeley? (Baidu, Line, Tencent, ETC)
How useful is the Introduction to Mathematical Thinking (IMT) Decal in terms of preparing for CS70?
Thoughts on Berkeley MPH Epidemiology/Biostats Program?
How to get to San Jose and back?
Most helpful classes to take for software engineering positions?
Rape and Sexual Assault
Should I take CS 70 over the summer? Will I miss a lot if I don’t take it during the regular semester?
How safe is k street flats? 6 berkeley students died there a few years ago. If anyone lives there, how’s the condition there now? Is it noisy because it’s near to the school?
How good is 2500 Durant Apartment? Any thoughts?
Anyone down to play Civ all day long on the weekend?
Lost ID card at chipotle
He did it!
Lost Cal ID card at Chipotle
[Basketball] Cal defeats Stanford 64-59
Your California Golden Bears defeat the Stanford Cardinals men's basketball team 64-59!!
Housing more people than lease allows
New 3D Printer method developed in part by UC Berkeley.
Just got verbally abused and threatened by homeless people on Telegraph
Is Berkeley the most “identity politics” obsessed university?
CAL printers, from Cal! (and Lawrence Livermore labs)
Slime Mold on Campus?
Cheapest way to get to Palo Alto?
A wide-ranging survey on campus climate wants you to weigh in about Berkeley’s current efforts in pursuit of equity, inclusion and community building
Why is cs162 considered so crucial to take for aspiring software engineers?
Fall Schedule Advice
Zachary Greenberg pleads not guilty to three felony charges and one misdemeanor charge. Court banned him from Berkeley. His lawyer says he was studying at the library but is not a student.
Question about TAP Program
During which months is sunscreen recommended?
Why is the sky so bright right now?
Bike situation at Berkeley
College Hacks that Save Money!!
HELP/ADVICE Needed. UCB MFE admit got revoked in last minute.
Why is cheating brought up so much in CS and STEM classes?
Prestige of CS and Stats Double Major
Prestige of CS and Stats Double Major
Super interested in UC Berkeley’s Masters of Information Management and Systems (MIMS) program. Need advice!
Global Internships Acceptance Rate
take Survey
Job Offer and Waiting on Interviews
When even BerkeleyConnect stresses you out
Meredith Middle School | Ray Petkevis
Upper Division Stats Classes
SCORING ABOVE THE MEAN?
Depression? MA Statistics Program?
Sophomore Year Housing Advice
Would it be disadvantageous to take UGBA 10 in sophomore fall?
Any suggestion for good places to practice driving?
To the guy that helped me out at Unit 1: thanks so much
When to take Mcat
Anybody have any Berkeley related emojis/slack reactions?
EECS Transfer Advice
In campus records 49 years and still loving it
Lost Hug Post
Looking for good lunch specials or happy hour deals on Northside / Shattuck?
Late Drop: L&amp;S to Haas
What happened with the post that has been removed? It was about Bird burgers 🤔
Has anyone tried that on the Berkeley campus?
Chances of transferring in from another uc for (l&amp;s)cs?
UCB address for tax return form?
Hoping to transfer to Berkeley for CS from a CCC. Any tips?
Where can I get a blue book before 8am?
Philos 3 with Campbell?
fortnite free v bucks generator
What are my odds as a hopeful transfer into CS/EECS?
Math 104 Solutions
People in Data Science right now and wanting to pursue SWE, what classes are you taking/ planning to take?
Electric scooters
[FOR SALE] Unit 2 Double ($300 dollar discount UNIT 2- FIRST COME FIRST SERVE)
Co-op offers
UCPD criminal records are basically hands-off
Holly Pointe, Holly Springs, NC
psych w61 or c61?? cogsci lower div requirement
anyone else not doing well in chem3bl lab reports?
Witnessed humanity at its darkest
Is UC Berkeley as liberal as its reputation implies?
Party scene at Berkeley
Yoga in Berkeley?
how to be relatable in soda hall
Where the fuck is the Perimeter Line
How bad is no passing decals for future grad school applications?
Help me choose EECS courses
CS162 and 61C
Football/Basketball student tickets for next year on sale for only $79
Study tips for upper div math?
when food meets technology
CS70 Study Group
for someone planning to eventually take cs126, cs70, cs189, math 110, is data 100 still worth taking?
Have you guys ever lied to your peers about your exam scores?
Textbooks
Places to have sex on campus?
Cal Alumni/Seniors: How did you decide what you wanted to do career-wise, and did Berkeley's name (or Berkeley in general) help you get there at all?
Which churches and ministries here should I avoid if I identify as LGBTQ? Which ones are supportive?
How did you and your significant other meet?
Is anyone else extremely terrified of their fate after Berkeley (or rather, what they'll do after graduation)?
Beard people of Berkeley, what is the best barbershop in B-Town for a neat trim?
EECS reax only
Commencement For Fall Graduates?
Grad School for Mechanical Engineering
The huge statue discovered in 2017
Best and most worth it apartments in Berkeley?
For those of you with Teslas, and no apartment charging options, where do you usually charge since there are no nearby superchargers in Berkeley?
Feedback on UC Berkeley's online Master of Information and Cybersecurity (MICS) program
Anyone know what happened at Chi Psi last night?
Can you use EE16A for ECON101A's Math 53 requirement?
Stat 134 for CS189?
Anyone on this sub doing Master of Financial Engineering at Haas? What's your experience been like of the program?
New grad only making $100k... How to get to $200k+ ASAP
When can we start enrolling in classes for next semester?
Y-Combinator startup Cluttr is looking to create an army... of campus ambassadors!!
Sports clubs I can join now?
Trump says he'll be "requiring colleges and universities to support free speech" after man assaulted here
About to late drop a class and feeling bad
Getting my 26-year old friend into some parties
What the heck is going on in eecs?
Trump threatens UCB w lawsuits and defunding research. This is not about free speech.
"Price reduced"
So stressed about ee16b
Regent's Interview
cs61a iS pErFeCt
Love Denero
Fuck Sahai
What are some interesting/lesser known spots on campus?
Looking for a Parking Spot for Summer (June - July - August)
Can I do drugs in dorm?
Super interested in UC Berkeley’s Masters of Information Management and Systems (MIMS) program. Need advice!
Extremely interested in UC Berkeley’s Masters of Information and Management Systems (MIMS) need advice!
UC Berkeley livestreams Campanile peregrine falcons
Why are EE16a/b so horrible?
"I began to feel hesitant about Greek life; I was already dressing a certain way to not appear like I wasn’t putting effort into my appearance, and it felt wrong that I was placing these other women’s opinions above my own comfort."
UCPD makes arrest in connection with UC Berkeley Sproul Plaza assault
Philosophy W12A
What's your best comeback story?
E7 help?
UC-Berkeley assault on person
School provided WiFi is embarrassingly bad
"20 y/o Stanford engineering student. roast me harder than every one of my STEM classes has"
Sather Gate on a Busy Day (1914)
The best way to get organized for coursework
Berkeley Librarian: Why UC split with publishing giant Elsevier
This robot is making giant leaps in the world of robotics
Ethnic (indigenous) dancing classes during Summer?
Anyone wanna study for the ee16b midterm?
Place to leave a bag for an hour on campus?
NOTICE OF $50,000 REWARD OFFERED (Berkeley beating)
Anthro 3AC Midterm Study Guide
Tell him, boy, bi: Discovering my bisexuality
Summer Jobs
Cal snaps Pac-12 skid with 76-73 win over No. 25 Washington
[Basketball] Cal defeats #25 Washington 76-73
[Basketball] California defeats #25 Washington 76-73
I want to live in Normandy Village
Boombox Cartel ticket for sale?
Question About Different Summer Class Workloads
Berkeley Alumni Who've Changed the World: Beverly Clearly, Children's Literature Author and National Medal of Arts Recipient
Where do you go to find events going on around campus?
Anyone hear wanna Jam?
On-Campus Housing
They fled Syria. Now, at Old Damascus Fare, they’re feeding UC Berkeley students.
Have a simple question? Use. The. Megathread.
UC terminates subscriptions with world’s largest scientific publisher in push for open access to publicly funded research
RA waitlist housing
Summer Housing 2019 - Garden Village
Is food allowed in the haas library?
easiest EECS upper divs?
How does the process works for getting a book from NRLF?
Days before the 2017-18 basketball season, then-freshman Juhwan Harris-Dyson contracted a flu that caused him to drop from 200 to 180 pounds in a matter of days.
Where to find ping pong (table tennis) play?
Anyone else stressed about school
Career Counselling Confusion?
Extremely interested in Masters of Information Management and Systems (MIMS) program
Has anyone been able to transfer out of Berkeley?
Best place to sell old books?
What are the easy EECS upper divs?
E7 advice
Yeast produce low-cost, high-quality cannabinoids
Midterm for CogSci1
Taking Econ 100B, Math 53, Math 54 over the summer?
i made a stupid mistake regarding loans, can i get it changed back?
Calling all internship &amp; job seekers
Chances of getting into either CS program?
Should colleges rename buildings that were named after people who actively supported white privilege?
By when am I actually fucked if I don't have housing?
CS 70 summer registration open
Really hate circuits but interested in robotics
Employment prospects for Poli Sci Ph.D. from Berkeley?
Anyone else getting destroyed by MATH 128A PSets?
EE16B is trivial, you should never be stuck
any online cc course for math?
GSI Funding
Hiring
What to do in Berkeley during the summer?
will anyone be in Korea this summer?
Raw Shrimp at Croads?
Stressed Applicant here
Fuck me.
Any CS370 61b or 70 tutors?
Pianos around UC Berkeley for practicing?
Berkeley to Finally Vote on Privacy Ordinance to Make It a Digital Sanctuary City
Useful math courses for intended Stat major
How long does getting a PDF transcript from calcentral take?
How to use stickers on your Android phone
Any amateur radio folks?
CS61B Midterm Distribution
Has anyone done petition for add/drop class after deadline?
Please roast me as hard as possible.
Fuck CS
is there a place on campus where i can see SF / The Golden Gate Bridge from?
Incoming Freshmen... Anybody?
Experiences with Cognitive Science Major?
I'm a current cc student and potential 2019 transfer wanting to declare psychology. I have every prerequisite finished except for Calculus. Can I still get in and take it my 1st semester there?
How to pronounce “Campanile”?
Face it. Without context, our faces don’t always reveal our true feelings 🎭 visual context — as in background and action — is just as important as facial expressions &amp; body language #BerkeleyResearch 😱 https://t.co/golQ9HYttn
Anyone taken IEOR 135? (Applied Data Science w. Venture Applications)
RT @UofCalifornia: Congrats to @ucberkeley’s @SaruJayaraman! Because of her leadership in revolutionizing the restaurant industry, she's is a nominee for the @sfchronicle’s 2019 Visionary of the Year, an annual recognition of Bay Area leaders whose work improves the world 🎉 https://t.co/rq0woEhoWc
In Search of Cheap Place to Stay or Couch Surf Thursday Night
Post-Grad Handshake Access
Transfer Student Question on Applied Math/ Stats double major
phone interview in 2 hrs, does anyone know how cell reception is in main stacks level b?
Xfinity internet outage?
Does anyone have anthro 2ac (kent lightfoot) past exams?
Are There Dinosaur Bones in UC Berkeley's Campanile?
OneNote
Inserting or tweaking genes in plants is more art than science, but a new technique developed by Berkeley scientists could make genetically engineering any type of plant—in particular, gene editing w/#CRISPR-Cas9—simple &amp; quick. 🌱 🔬 #BerkeleyResearch https://t.co/ffG8I3hPMT
Berkeley Comedy?
Anti Stanford Berkeley Club Hoodies (CPU)
Anyone in Physics 7B want to make a study group?
Collecting market data for competition
Do we have access to newspapers subscriptions?
CC Psych Transfer Success Stories?
How much financial aid for off-campus housing did you get?
Free Solo wins the Oscar! The documentary profiles former Cal student Alex Honnold- the first person to climb El Capitane without a rope
Minor Programs at Berkeley?
RT @RealJamesWoods: Meanwhile at UC-Berkeley, where the hate crimes are real... https://t.co/uh6nZY7qyF
RT @yujane_c: PLEASE SHARE/SUPPORT: CalSLAM is sending our QTPOC team to Houston but the UC won't fund us because of the state's anti-LGBT laws. we're relying entirely on community support. there's only a few days left for us to crowdfund: help us get to CUPSI 2019! https://t.co/jqAGd0Z7Qd
RT @pissinsideme: I just found out that a UC Berkeley professor named Peter Duesberg is a prominent AIDS denialist and, in partnership with a private pharmaceutical business that sold their own HIV treatments, facilitated the deaths of over 300k South African citizens from untreated HIV/AIDS
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Imagine the consequences to a conservative cheering on violence towards the left? UC Berkeley employee cheered assault on conservative student: 'This makes me feel emotionally so much better' | Fox News https://t.co/3TwQsq6sRe
RT @RandPaul: This is abhorrent behavior against free speech on campus. No form of violence is acceptable! Conservative activist assaulted at UC-Berkeley campus during recruitment drive https://t.co/XC6Wi2apkq
Has anybody taken the journalism minor program? Has anyone get a full scholarship? Any international applicants?
UC Berkeley Responds to Violent Attack on Conservative Activist | Breitbart https://t.co/jnK3JBQzdp via @BreitbartNews
RT @AmaOP_Patriot: "ALLEGED" CNN? Maybe he was just trying to massage his face with his fist. presumption of innocence for anyone who attacks a conservative but instant judgment for any claim of a conservative attacking a liberal. Uh..We get it. https://t.co/1UgSCOv3gq
porque otra compañera mía se va tb de postdoc a Berkeley creo, que tb es California, asiq me haría el tour
Question about the Entrepreneurship Spirit here at Cal
Locating all fellow Waifus and Weebs
Heads up if you plan on going to SF by Bart today.
Anywhere in Berkeley to rent a large day locker/storage area for luggage?
For those who live in off campus housing
CS 70 tutor needed
Birkenstock Shoe Repair
I don’t know why I’m here.
CS70 help please
What's the most popular dating app at Berkeley (if your Asian)?
I want to get laid. NOW
Can I just rant about EE16B for a sec?
Skipping Math 53 for EECS
Decal for transfer?
Missing ee16a midterm from flu
Low commitment work for quick cash
School of Information
Need advice for Regent’s and Chancellor’s Scholarship interview
Low commitment work for quick cash
61B MT1
Uber and Lyft Software Interviews
Math 54 &amp; CS 70 over the summer
Internship success bois
UC Berkeley employee cheered campus assault on conservative activist; potential suspect ID'd
UC Berkeley employee Yuvi Panda shows support for student assault on social media: “OH MY GOD THE MAGA PEOPLE ON UC BERKELEY CAMPUS YESTERDAY GOT PUNCHED IN THE FACE BY SOMEONE THIS MAKES ME FEEL EMOTIONALLY SO MUCH BETTER.”
Is there a place where you can review RSF group ex instructors?
UC police have identified attacker on Sproul
Rocket Club
Berkeley Alumni Who've Changed the World: Masayoshi Son, CEO of Softbank and Richest Person in Japan
Berkeley competitive programming
Summer Research
What music clubs should I look into?
Starting Red Pill club/decal at Berkeley
MCB &amp; CS double major
Co-ops questions
[Stock Market Fridays] Post your week's stock picks here
What about Berkeley was worse than you expected?
Haven't been here in almost a decade. Where should I eat? Do?
UC Berkeley to Expand Goldman School of Public Policy and Build Housing on Upper Sproul Site
Buying gf
Martha Olney Grading
Next there will be a boba tax
Don’t go to Purple Kow in Berkeley
International student - M-Arch - CED Berekely
Looking for a Berkeley jacket!!!
[Part-Time Job Opportunity]: Student Success Manager at YC Startup $16/hr
History: Computer Class at Lawrence Hall of Science in Berkeley, 1971-72
Where is the Berkeley Rep Stage Door?
Sooo.. how was the math 1B midterm?
Campus Safety
chem 3a vollhardt midterm #1
Care about student safety? Want to help make Berkeley a better place?
Care about student safety? Want to help make Berkeley a better place? Please participate in this short survey for a chance to win a $20 Amazon gift card!⁠⁦‪
Suspect in violent assault on Sproul Plaza Friday. Anyone know him?
Nice day today! One more day till the week end! Go bears!
How to decide what to do in future CS major
AirBears down???
I'm a prospective transfer student. I applied in November, eagerly awaiting decisions in April. I received an email last night from Berkeley with the subject line "Welcome Aboard" and the text preview in my notification read "Congratulations on being admitted..."
Where was stock market Wednesday?
Taking 16 credits during the summer.
Declaring Psych Late
"Leftist violently attacks a conservative student at UC Berkeley. Hundreds of students stand idly by. The school that once championed free speech has become an absolute disgrace." TRUTH
Violent UCB Campus Assault Captured on Video
English Majors at UCB
Adding a DeCal late or other ways to get 1 unit
Torrenting with VPN on Airbears2
Job prospects for ENVECON Major?
Entering Haas as a Senior
Missing a Prereq for Transfer
Is R1B/R5B class easier in summer session?
data8 over summer
What's your favorite class at Berkeley?
Martial Arts Club/Group
Questions about Starting Point Mentorship Program
Google Internship Project Search Help?
Physics 7A here it at a JC?
EE/CS Courses for AI/Robotics
What do you guys/girls do for fun around Berkeley?
Update: what happened on Sproul yesterday
Is it normal to not ever find a programming job?
UC Berkeley suspends professor accused of sexual harassment
POLL: Which direction is this subreddit headed?
REGENTS AND CHANCELLOR’S CANDIDATE
How do you study?
Does anyone suffer from eye floaters?
Summer Research at Berkeley
Where to live? (yet again)
What happened to the Berkeley Bowl Fig bars‽
Inspired by u/Samses93's restrooms post: The r/berkeley Campus Restroom Survey!
Possible to balance Mechanical engineering major w frat life ?
[Selfie Tuesday] New weekly thread to increase subreddit involvement and promote engaging content. Tomorrow will be the start of "Stock Market Wednesdays"
Classics 10B reader?
Best bar for first date in Berkeley?
Took this beautiful, scenic picture right off campus near the Fire Trails. (no filter or editing)
Serious question about campus facilities
What Happened on Sproul?
Anyone else have regrets about not going to UCLA?
Who else thinks /u/lulzcakes should step down as mod?
Who else thinks /u/lulzcake should step down as mod?
Anyone have Sonic Internet yet?
Bible study invitations. How many times do you get asked to bible study a semester?
Android users of Berkeley, how in the fuck do you connect to airbears?
Would I have to take Organic Chemistry as L&amp;S CS?
Co-Ops vs. a Place I Found
Do you love Pinky &amp; Reds? Show em some love
Do you need a Business Bachelors degree to get into Haas Business Administration program
What are your thoughts on CS70?
How to get into HKN or UPE?
CS70 requires consent of instructor?
Do memes/jokes trivialise/normalise things and is that okay?
Berkeley Bowl is closed today
Recommended internet service provider in Berkeley?
How does a person with OCD like myself learn programming and become an employable programmer?
Any good guitar teachers/classes around here?
Fun fact: this month—from the northernmost memorial seal—the Campanile perfectly eclipses the sun at ~8am!
Bio 1B practice midterms
Sigma Alpha Pi?
Bringing guests into Moffitt
Asian American and Asian student interactions
class of 2023?
This post is about Samses94
What is the most awkward moment you've had with a professor?
Teen Crypto Billionaire explains "What is Kelsey Coin"
What are Special Topic classes?
Questions about UC Berkeley from High School Senior:
Anyone else applying to Haas Scholars or SURF?
Data Science or Statistics Major for Data Science Career
Haas question
Community Blood Drive this Wednesday- DONORS NEEDED
Urgent) Pol sci 1
Shot of Berkeley and the hills from the plane this morning.
Anyone use an Ipad for notetaking?
CS 61A or W61A (online web version)
4 guys x 1 girl, shadow hunter
Is it too late to join any 4 unit classes in L&amp;S?
Does RSF have jump ropes to borrow?
Anyone taking pol sci 1?
Anyone Have the EEPs electives list?
Haas Decision Pending?
How to get letters of rec?
Regents for Transfers???
How do I find/build a close friend group?
[SAD SPORTS POST] Is Cal the worst P5 team in College Basketball history?
[SAD SPORTS POST] Is Cal the worst P5 in college basketball history?
Can someone get be a screenshot of their schedule?
Anyone wanna study for cs70?
Summer School experience?
Overheard a disturbing convo. Can’t stop thinking about it.
UC Berkley Grad School
Really hot housekeeper. Should I ask her out?
Did the Campanile just play Ari Thank U, Next?
Are robots better baristas? Berkeley's Bbox café thinks so
Haas Majors (or people who take Haas classes), what are the most insightful/practical things you've learned?
Haas admittance decision still not released?
Huge study finds professors’ attitudes affect students’ grades
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Chipotle's Chicken Burrito Bowl for $7
Renting a Projector in Moffitt
Questions about Online classes
Is anyone taking pol sci 1?
I wanna transfer here but I am coming out of state... should I move to Cali and attend a cc there?
h
RippleMatch
struggling hard in ee16a
Good Luck to Everyone with Haas Today!
Need 61c tutor! Please pm me so I can learn how to survive this course I am really, really underprepared for!
Does anyone tutor 61c? Please
I got that fuck today
Berkeley Alumni Who've Changed the World: Francisco I. Madero, Leader of the Mexican Revolution and President of Mexico
Emergency loans?
Where can I find tutoring for Engineering 7?
Possibly reneging on an internship offer?
Sick and tired of all the fascist scum on campus
Sick and tired of fascist scum on campus
Is anyone taking pol sci 1?
Which courses to take? Econ major
Daily Summer Fee Emails?
ECON 201 in a nutshell
Withdrew and was misinformed about housing cancellation, and now Berkeley’s charging me for housing fees even though I’m not on campus, someone pls help
Final exam for online summer class?
Homes for sale in Bryan - Real Estate Team - CollegeStationRealEstate.com
Pretty damn happy
Just looking for a ‘friend’ as an EECS GEEK
Berkeley and Grade Deflation
Taking Comm. College Courses summer before freshman fall?
Greetings from /r/UCSD
Extra Semester for Transfer Students
Moffit rant
I need to mail some letters, where's the closest post office to campus?
Summer course as prereq for next semester
Good suicide spots around Berkeley
Summer Classes (help!!!)
Can anyone taking anthro 160ac share the course syllabus please?
Machine Learning!!
Easiest way to get a Philips screwdriver?
AP Exam Credit for L&amp;S CS
Help! Cant enroll to class
Where can I get a I’m beary sleepy sweater?
DJ Steve Aoki quietly opens a pizza restaurant in Oakland
Top College Hacks That Actually Work!!
Hello my friends. Does anyone know if there is a running networking course in computer science and what the unit code for it is?
Teen Crypto Billionaire claims "Kelsey Coin is the Only Currency in the World"
GO (humble) BEARS
The piano outside MLK looks really nice
Starting over Summer 2019 as Engineering?
Is there an Econ 101B groupchat? If so, could someone add me?
Need Physics 7B Workbook PDF pls help
Indoor workout spots on campus?
Regents interview
Need Help with Our Psyc Survey!
Math110 summer
I know it’s hard to get into the physics programme here, but how hard is it quantitatively?
How "EE" is EECS?
Need help, keep getting an error trying to join the Free &amp; For Sale FB group.
chances ill get in?
I'm a CC student auditing 61B &amp; 61C.
Question about clipper card and AC buses!
lost boosted board remote
Adding a class now
Is CS 70 not open for summer sessions yet?
Any suggestion for a bartending school nearby?
Freshman from Georgia Tech looking to transfer, need some clarification
Is there anywhere that still does beat the clock?
Topics covered in BIOLOGY 1A/L and 1B/L
valentines day 2019
Is it too late to take Anthro 2ac?
Which CS lower division course did you find the most difficult?
Rent your driveway to me?
Hi! Graduating ling Major w/ minor cs experience looking for work related to tech
Just got banged in the Doner Kebab bathroom
I could really use some d**k right now
selling 1 panic at the disco ticket
When you realize you have a midterm the night of Valentine's Day
Not Sure About Berkeley
California burritos?
Econ major a Berkeley(advice needed)
Where my Koreaboos at
Few questions about internet services
Raj Properties
Humphry Slocombe and Milkbomb Ice Cream to replace Ici Ice Cream's former locations
Does the MCB department take Chem N3AL?
Histart 11?
Will not being in Berkeley for the semester greatly negatively impact my ability to find housing?
After a 911 call of a suspected overdose, dangerously high levels of meth and fentanyl were discovered in one University Village apartment —surrounded by graduate student families typically with young children. Given a timeline to submit a cleanup plan, the campus has missed its deadline.
Auditing Data8 Fall 2018 and need some help on HW04
Valentine’s Day in class flower delivery?
Going to the food bank
Has anyone else taken CS61A and any CHEM class at the same time?
how is a semi-beginner supposed to learn graphic/web design here at Cal?
Crash at Dana and Haste street tonight.
Car was t-boned on Dana and Haste st. tonight.
Leaving Temporarily to Go to a Four-Year University?
I'm a 21-year-old software engineer in Berkeley, California, who makes $260,000 — here's what I spend in a week
Coffee similar to philz in Berkeley?
Who is in charge of CS graduate (specifically Masters/MEng) admissions?
haas application questions
Asha Thomas set the record for most three pointers in Cal Women’s Basketball today 🔥
Whatever happened to the guy who did the Putnam Porno?
Berkeley housing
Clubs?
Financial aid help
Math 53 Online over summer
General Housing Question
Work-Study HR - how long to wait for on boarding email?
We HIT 20,000 subscribers!
Cal Hockey to play for PAC-8 Title today at noon.
Standardized Testing Score v College GPA
Econ major finding a job
LOR Question
Summer Abroad options?
What do people think of codeology?
Is anyone else having poor WiFi connection right now?
Can you take prereq classes like Math 1A / Chem 1A at community colleges?
UC Berkeley Grading Policies
Tutor 61a
Cal Men's Basketball loses its twelfth straight game, the worst losing streak in program history.
Looking for advice
Classic 10b?
Anyone into photography and want to take a trip to explore/take photos of some weird places in SF tomorrow?
Talking in the libraries
Has anyone tried this? This article talks about using FERPA to request admissions information about your application.
Has anyone tried this here? I always wonder what admissions thought of my application.
CS 61b or 70 over summer
CS Classes over the Summer
Art/Design at Berkeley
prospective econ/cs double major
Who's in charge of bmail accounts?
CS88 or CS61A?
In honor of tomorrow's game, here's a throwback to one of the best gameday shirts ever
Is it possible to be denied enrollment at a community college for summer classes
CW: Suicide
Anyone here taking Econ 140?
What is with the AC transit stop at Bancroft and Dana Street?
University of California to be granted long-sought CRISPR patent, possibly reviving dispute with the Broad Institute
I got into BioE today! Is it fairly easy to switch into L&amp;S if I want to later?
Looking for an LGBT-friendly, Spanish-speaking Christian church in the East Bay [x-post r/Oakland]
What’s a reasonable price for grad photos?
Where to live (incoming EECS PhD)
Anyone know anything about HOX (Eta Omega Chi)?
UC Berkeley suspends new research collaborations with Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei
"Cal Athletics paid for football student-athletes to stay at the Claremont Club &amp; Spa, a Fairmont Hotel, and established benefits that provide a Claremont Country Club membership and courtesy vehicle for football coach Justin Wilcox, while remaining in debt for the retrofitting of Memorial Stadium."
Data Science Applied Math w/ CS cluster double major, or Applied Math w/ Data Science cluster? 3rd year
Does swapping count as dropping a class (fee wise)?
Japanese 7b? Any easy class?
Has anyone done the EECS Honors program?
How late am I in the housing game for Summer/Fall 2019?
What will football helmets look like in future? UC Berkeley scientists propose a design in which helmet twists, not the brain. The energy of the hit is absorbed in a better way, and they believe damage can be reduced 35-40%
Transferring w/o a required class
What happened to Tau Beta Pi test bank?
Does anyone play Runescape?
Taking CS61B over summer?
Bears, where are your favorite date locations?
cs61a online over the summer?
I'm kind of freaking out
Poetry Club?
What do you do for fun?
Summer Sessions Registration?
Delta Sigma Pi?
How’s Integbi 32C?
Application Opened: Seeking at least one (1) gym buddy
MATH 53 tutor?
AFX Team Syllabi
STAT 134 with Ibser or Lucas?
Tales of Terror and Hardship – A Question From a Freshman Applicant.
Got offered a URAP position. Don’t need the units. Should I still add units for the sake of my transcript?
Graduating pol sci looking for advice
Switch majors?
Anthro 3AC
URAP/research advice?
How are transfer students viewed at Berkeley?
$15 for 30 minutes of your time for usability study
Do we lose access to Microsoft Office the moment our degree is conferred?
Facebook University Product Design 2019
How come we don’t get free bart rides
Anyone know where I can find this jacket? Or have one they're willing to sell? More info in comments.
Tanis - One of the oldest cities in the ancient world
February 16th meeting CANCELLED due to horrible weather. Let's talk inside venues now that Indian Flavors Express is no more. Anyone part of a club that can secure rooms? iHouse also works if someone lives there.
Kiwibot promo code: $15 credit
FREE FOOD ALERT! [ • • ] Today (2/7) is Kiwi Day! Use their promo code "kiwilovesreddit" for $15 credit!
Switching to data science or stats major?
Berkeley Alumni Who've Changed the World: Dalip Singh Saud, First Asian American Elected to Congress
hOw hArD iS cS61c ?
Question about ACT scores
someone be my friend!
Anyone here play Age of Empires 2? (On Steam or otherwise)
CS189 Study/HW aft lectures
Looking for people to smash
Who climbs at Bridges rock gym?
Why does everyone hate Evans ?
The Crooked, Windy, Pothole-Filled Road To Success | Thursday, February 7, 2019 - 5:00pm-6:30pm
Berkeley AI startup reaches nearly 2.75 billion dollars in valuation
Lost and found Wheeler
Inexperienced and Underprepared, Cal’s Counter Strike Team struggles
Anyone free this Friday and want to check out the parkour decal?
Anybody down to smoke and hang out?
Officials say yes to 274 units over downtown Berkeley Walgreens
How do you think the lecture “project design” in CAL ?
Anyone taking cs70 and down to work on it sometime?
For those who've taken (or currently taking) master in cs at cal (or wherever), do you guys need physics? Were the physics 7 series useful for you?
UGBA 196 vs UGBA 192AC
how is the culture of SUSA?
State of the Subreddit
Where can I find my waifu in Berkeley?
Polsci 1 Vs Polsci2
Looking for a roommate end of Feb in El Cerrito, preferably female
Recommendations to get hair dyed (male) in Berkeley?
Please help me with choosing a course!!
Why is this sub filled with so many edgy and negative people compared to other colleges?
Double major in Linguistics/Polecon a good idea?
When do all the Decals get posted?
Econ 2 late problem set
RA Waitlist Chances?
When to look for housing
Avant Card closed
Financial aid for MS EECS program?
Has anyone been experiencing ping spikes/disconnects since about last night?
Can I retake a decal?
Anyone in Econ 2 willing to switch sections?
How’s stat2 with Kaufman?
61C and R1B doable during summer?
RPG &amp; Story Game Night - Victory Point Cafe - 2/7
Summer classes?
best twin xl bed frames?
Berkeley Tap
EE16B Tutoring
A few questions on Berkley
Anyone else not able to get into bcourses/ cal central right now?
Anthro 3ac vs Espm 50ac
video interview spots for 2.5hr+
Can’t register for summer classes
Is the internet surprisingly bad for anyone else right now?
Snow in Oakland tonight
Can you learn Olney 100A by just reading the textbook
As school picks up... remember how hard you worked to get here.
Ugba 196 with Selinger vs Ugba 96 with Odean for freshman with no background??
Any CS-project based club one can still join?
Any fun/interesting class?
anyone else frustrated with rice and bones?
(Gig) Looking to hire a Japanese or Japanese-speaking Graduate Student for Campus Tour &amp; Presentation on US College Life
Anyone take the Machine Learning decal?
Denied Financial Aid. Next steps?
Stat w21 difficulty
Over break, I worked on a website to help students find internships within the tech field. Please check it out and give feedback.
URAP question - accepted
Math 1A + 61A over the summer?
Do East Asian library and MS study rooms have good reception?
For those who have taken CS70
Getting demolished in EE16B... any advice?
Anyone know when Fall 2019 classes are posted?
Former Bear Stephen Anderson wins Superbowl 53
How’s Japanese 7B for art breadth?
If anyone here plans on transferring out of Berkeley this year...
Is AP credit accepted for transfers?
Is my annoyance over this comment justified?
Do channing bowditch and wada apts get cleaning services?
Are the SLC study groups worth it?
Game Stop
How quickly will classes like Bio 1B and MCB 32 fill up for Summer Sessions?
"Designing For a Better Berkeley" - Design Sprint (come out if you are interested!)
What are some good Econ clubs to join?
Good/Cheapish hair salon in Southside?
[Students wanted] - Flmodafinil Free Sample
Convergent at Berkeley
Ways to get more involved / connected?
Stanf*rd is a scam, stay woke
How quickly do Summer Session classes fill up?
Undergraduate Theoretical Computer Science at Berkeley
wanna make a rap/hip-hop wit me?
What are some resources like OCF (Open Computing Facility), Berkeley Language Center (Dwinelle), that I can take advantage of?
Disliking Berkeley
Clubs/social gatherings for Cog Sci majors?
Will you know if you got rejected from DRP?
how's everyone getting into parties here?
Clubs that are still accepting apps?
Clubs for Smaller Games like Runescape?
Where the super bowl viewing parties at?
CS Club Hierarchy
why does this school hate disabled people
So I just got rejected from all the CS and consulting clubs I applied to
Which courses should I take?
Chess at Cal?
clubs or orgs for rap/hip-hop music??
Legal Studies 39D
Can I still come?
Can UD decals be used for the "6 UD units outside of your major" requirement?
Looking for apartment with 2 bedrooms near campus for next year. Does anyone know of a place?
I have a dumb question, but where do you print things on campus?
Did someone at Codebase get raped at retreat?
What does the Kink club actually do?
Old Man on Campus - Greetings from a 2003 Drop-Out who's Re-Enrolled this Spring to Graduate in Aug 2019.
L&amp;S or CNR for EEP transfer?
Interested in Master's of Information Management and Systems @ UCB - need advice!
UC Berkeley bans new research funding from Huawei
Anyone else struggling with depression (and want some friends?)
Easy breadth berkeley
L&amp;S unit cap
A new solution to the student housing crisis: retiree roommates?
College of L&amp;S or College of Natural Resources? Which route is easier to transfer into?
Haas Application
Summer courses housing?
DeCal Drop Deadline?
Is applying through L&amp;S easier than through CNR?
CS61BL vs CS61B
Polish Speakers
Most recognized startups amongst Berkeley students?
With Jared Goff starting the Super Bowl, Cal will have had 5 QBs start in Super Bowls, the most of any college.
Good luck to Cal Bears Jared Goff and C. J. Anderson in the Superbowl! Make us proud! Also, there's an /r/berkeley meetup coming Saturday, Feb 16th. Venue TBD due to bad weather and high winds.
Poker clubs on campus?
Ee16a study partners?
Cooking orgs on campus
Anthro 2AC Notes
Anyone going to jacobs maker space open house tonight?
Anyone going to jacobs maker space open house?
calorie counting at dining halls
Anyone know about the the Master’s of Information Management and Systems (MIMS) at UC Berkeley?
East/West village apartments
How does going to a Junior college prior to Cal effect grad school?
Confessions post made it to the front page!
Any Places to film on Campus
How to find research opportunities(CS) over summer?
Should I apply to College of L&amp;S or College of Natural Resources when transferring from a Community College?
Anyone taking chem 1A this semester?
Hey fellow freshmen, have you guys heard back from Facebook University or Explore Microsoft?
A new solution to the student housing crisis: retiree roommates?
Master of Information Management Systems (MIMS) @ UC Berkeley
Which clubs have the hottest girls?
Thoughts on the club Launchpad?
Apply to UC Berkeley for Grad School, Looking to Know About Housing, Transportation, Etc
Feeling Down with my Social Life Here.
SLUgS and other linguistics clubs?
Support Cal Dragon Boat in attending the Concord DB Festival in Vancouver this summer!
Help me craft my senior year schedule (CS)
Is it too late to sign up for ESPM 50AC?
Where can I get proof of graduation for an employer if I just graduated?
EECS major seeking a snake over at r/SFr4r
Insanely fast internet for project upload?
Freshman applications dip at UC for the first time in 15 years (Berkeley -2.5%)
URAP extended deadline
Looking for a study buddy
How does the Data Science Minor work?
Any hot tubs to sneak in to in Berkeley?
This guy said he was a Cal stats grad student and we dated for like 6-7 months. Turns out stats is MA and he was an extension student.
I want to transfer from UCLA to Cal. Has anyone done this?
Free Bible Study
Balance college life?
Haas interview advice
berkley law: networking and career opportunities ?
list of learning resources and free online platforms
Berkeley Computer Science Salaries Survey
EECS/Math is kinda hard?
Thoughts on this CS schedule?
cheapest boba?
Haas undergrad applicants: did anyone else get selected for a video interview?
Neat visualization using data from Berkeley Earth
[official petition] Upvote to force future hendrix to perform at cal
Do any of the gyms have saunas?
Physics 7A vs Math 54 Summer Sessions
COGSCI N1 Removed from Summer Sessions?
Econ 155A with Kline or Econ 174 with Finan?
Stat 20 with Ibser?
R&amp;C enrollment block?
anyone taken pol sci 2 with fish?
reminder: check lib gensis before dropping cash on textbooks
Students and residents of Berkeley, where do you expect homeless people to go?
Anyone has experience living in the Fie Arts Building, The Dwight or similar off campus student housing complex? I heard that management is not good and safety is not good. Are those biased reviews?
Will be a recruiter at the career fair tomorrow. How to pickup Cal girls?
What are URAP interviews like?
Stats151A
Most conceptually challenging courses at Berkeley?
Any cybersecurity related clubs on campus?
Advice for Consulting Groups?
I've never seen/met an EECS major that attends Berkeley
Housing AMA Canceled
Good places to uber eats?
John DeNero lurks the Berkeley subreddit!
Summer housing option?
Handshake
ENTP
AC transit
Any advice for solving the puzzle fill-in-the-blank problems on 61A exams?
Can someone explain CalShare to me?
It was a nice sunset
$100 Nutrition Study
Study abroad and financial aid
This is why blackwell sucks
When to hear back from URAP
When did EE 126 become so hard?
Berkeleyside: UC Berkeley students robbed by person with gun Sunday, police say
Experience doing Reading and Composition online?
Less than 13 units as a graduating senior
Dan Garcia's CS61a is worse.
Cal Housing official department will be hosting an AMA all day tomorrow. Get your questions ready starting tomorrow at 10am. AMA ends at 5pm.
Future in Finance with Environmental Economics and Policy?
How can I get back into tennis?
THINK 2019 - San Francisco, CA - organized by IBM
How do I meet more girls at this hellish school 😩
A Different Housing Worry
Process to declare CS?
place on campus I can use some black sharpies for free?
Not watching lecture vids for data 8
Housing for 2019-20
If I finish all my major prerequisites in one year at CC, will I be at a disadvantage on my transfer application?
Is the online parking citation payment website down for anyone else?
How do I get units for research not through URAP?
Doable class schedule @ Berkeley?
Should I drop my MSE minor?
Tips for Aussies applying to Berkeley for exchange
Driving classes in or around Berkeley?
How important are the readings for Robert Reich’s class, Wealth and Poverty?
Data Recovery for a Personal Hard Drive?
how much does it cost to be in a sorority (like premed/professional, kappa gamma delta, phide, etc)?
Think 2019 - San Francisco, CA - organized by IBM - Feb 12,13,14,15
L&amp;S Computer Science (BA)
how many people at Cal take psych meds?
Which major is more competitive? Statistics or Psychology
European alumni needs advice on his "frat party"
Sophomore switching from mcb to cs, zero cs knowledge
Any classes that doesn't require attendance at all or can be taken online?
How is Geog 20?
How is the Tang Center for mental health concerns?
Inside bart tunnel.
Anyone here ever worked as a personal trainer at the RSF?
Aight EECS nerds, gimme some northside restaurant recs
Anthro 1 textbook
Vancouver SEO | Nationally Acclaimed Digital Marketing | 888-658-6444
data 100 waitlist
Shots Fired
Interested in chill rec basketball..?
Noah’s Bagels’ Telegraph Avenue location closes permanently
Math 53 with Frenkel?
Data 8 lab assist
Any tips on Anthro 2ac?
Train Honking Near University Village
RSF drop in volleyball
I wanna to fit in RSF as a new beginner, is there some suggestions?🙈
How Much Math is in Econ/What is the grade distribution like?
Here for a month at MSRI looking to meet new people.
Can I obtain a Cal 1 ID card as a BCC student?
CS clubs worth applying too?
Taking 61b and 70 together or separately?
Stanfurd sets bus on fire in Seattle on i5 shutting down 4 lanes of traffic
I left my water bottle in Dwinelle 155. Who should I contact?
Has anyone taken CHEM X416 - Quantitative Analysis: Applications in Clinical Chemistry?
Best way to learn linear algebra in my situation?
Just wanted to say thanks to some kind community members today.
Social housing options for a senior transfer?
Physics 89 vs Math 54
How to keep access to library resources/VPN after graduation?
shit's hot yo. Coldest places to study?
The best way to get organized for coursework
When does the new week start for the meal plans?
Olympic swimmer, Cal graduate, Nathan Adrian battling cancer
x Olympic swimmer, Cal graduate, Nathan Adrian battling cancer
Looking for experienced piano teacher :D
Did they permanently clear out that homeless encampment on Bancroft?
Owe money to the school, can't take out an additional loan, everything on hold, what can I do?
Anyone going to HackDavis?
Not Sure What to Major in - Engineering Math &amp; Stats, Applied Math + CS, ... Physics?
Physics 7A vs Engineering 7 to take over the summer?
Any artists/creators/designers want to start a creative social community?
Geog 20 pdfs?
easy/interesting breadths that are still open?
Activists Protesting Development of People's Park
I thought the UCSD subreddit was super nerdy till I came here...
What's that building across from Cory with the Indian name?
Hair salon for Ash Grey color asian hair
Formal acceptance of Lulzcakes war declaration on the UCSD subreddit
Berkeley News: Veterans of Berkeley’s Ethnic Studies struggle stage rally 50 years later
Should I be worried that I didn't physics in high school?
IHouse meal plan price
The Hard Part of Computer Science? Getting Into Class
Cal coach Justin Wilcox announces a restructuring of coaching staff duties (mostly on offense).
Campus at night
Global 100D or Econ C171?
TRITONS BABY!!!
UCSD Student Here
Does an MET interview mean i’m going to get into UCB?
I graduated from Cal and UCSD. AMA
Rats in the residence halls
Here from the UCSD subreddit
Do you guys use extra resources to study?
Stay on the waitlist or just take the L?
AFRICAM 142AC: Race and American Film Syllabus
What is the University's Address? (for an application)
Today we wage war on /r/UCSD. Call forth your brothers and sisters. Your mothers and fathers. Make them create reddit accounts and subscribe to /r/berkeley
Mopeds
cs164 vs. ee127 for a senior
Why does ninjacourses not work anymore?
Clubs that last semester seniors can join?
Colwrit 10B: Public Speaking
Breadth classes that don't require attendance
Spring Rush?
Classics 28 Lecture
How would I get started in looking for research (CS Area)?
Berkeley to charge 25 cents for disposable cups
What kind of free swag do Berkeley kids like?
tips for RA interview? also how selective is it/do most people get interviews?
Going Down the EECS Stack Decal?
Do big US tech companies in Silicon Valley care about the university you went for undergrad or experience or research done when considering for internships or co-op?
Just cross the bridge
Anyone taking cs70/61b/16b?
r/UCSD Surpasses 20,000 Subscribers, Becomes Most Popular UC Subreddit. r/Berkeley No. 2 :/
How hard is stat 88?
Geog 130 Course info / syllabus
Need a quiet place for a video interview
Approximately, when will I get a Graduate School Admission Response? (EECS Department)
Already feeling so lost in EE 16A.. literally day one —a sob story and need advice
Math 10b and coding?
MET Interview?
When will they have the Engineering Data Science Major released?
Participants Needed - Drawing for $25 Amazon gift card
Anyone know if the Robert Reich class (Public Policy c103) is having discussion sections this week?
Math course naming conventions? (Math 54 vs Math N54)
UC (but not Berkeley) graduate access to Moffitt: impenetrable or is there a way?
Does Chinese 10X satisfy the international studies breadth?
What do consulting clubs do?
Is MCB 104 webcasted in spring?
Something isn't right with me...
Is econ 2 with romer curved?
Haas Applicant: Philanthropy on Resume
Excitement share!
Berkeley Art Museum IT75???????
⬆️88RISING AMBASSADORS⬆️
Which social clubs would you recommend?
Eligibility for HAAS
Does anyone know where I can buy a new backpack?
Any problems with this cs schedule?
Silicon Valley Tech Billionaire Claims “The Holocaust Never Happened”
Who is in the Oski costume?
Tenant Advice Subreddit - Join r/Renters
finaid refunds?
Help a sister out with a Math 54 textbook pdf?
How much workload is data 8 + cs 88 together?
Late night cancelled for semester?
fuck me.
Oski Couture.
Yo!! If you are interested in living here at the Thorsen house, or if you are interested in fun then come to our band party this Friday!
Chess Club at Berkeley
Tips for RSF?
Econ 140 vs Econ 141
What's the chrome extension that syncs your classes to your iCal?
Discussion Section Waitlist
Can UC village students really not park on campus?
Does registering an iclicker to one class register it for all classes?
Happy MLK Day! (Sproul Hall - May 17, 1967)
Does anyone have pdf for the Math 53 textbook?
Is it worth doing Urap with only data8 experience?
Guitar decal
econ 2 textbook pdf??
Does anyone else have classes that still aren’t on bCourses yet?
does chem 3b require sapling
Anyone taking history 133a?
I Feel Like an Idiot, CS61A has me shitting bricks, advice appreciated
When does reUSE reopen?
Fun shows/events this weekend?
why is Late Night gone again
Stolen bike in Bay Area please help
Is anyone taking Music 139?
What fields of eecs research are most lucrative?
Anyone else taking Chinese 130?
What semester prerequisites need to be completed for HAAS?
Do Berkeley Students have access to the Financial Times by chance?
Reduced tuition for graduating senior
Getting into Art 8
How competitive is URAP?
Congrats to Berkeley's own Jared Goff! He is going to the Superbowl!!!
do chem 3al and chem 3bl use the same lab notebook
Can I do SULI at LBL during the Fall or Spring while also taking a few classes? Other Fall/ Spring research programs through Berkeley / LBL?
Housing in Berkeley
HAAS interviews
Help/Tutor needed for MCB 102
I want to write but not for the DailyCal
People in relationships: how often do you see your partner?
Has anyone taken the Private Pilot Ground School DeCal?
EECS labs without research functions
How do transfer students get prestigious internships?
Econ appeal decision
61C Textbooks
Math 55 Textbook wanted
Tips for new students: Don't be paranoid of Berkeley surroundings.
MLK Day interview spots?
found near foothill upper lot if this is yours please dm me
Concurrent Enrollment Class Application
!!!!!!LOOKING FOR A SUBLET!!!!!!
Do more people drop classes during adjustment period (before semester begins) or at the beginning of the semester?
Tips on how to fill out retroactive drop petition?
Master's of Translational Medicine (MTM) Program
Good place for phone interview?
can you retake stats major prereq for declaration?
Coming back for spring semester
According to ESPN BPI, Cal Basketball is the worst D1 UC school
You know what really pisses me off? Seeing UCLA promos in my Cal Bears feed.
Y’all are just trying to BE RKELLEY
Public Health 142 double enrollment with Bio 1A
UGBA 42 (How to: Simple Questions Thread) Workload?
UGBA106 (Marketing) Workload
Another baby crying over housing
Another baby crying over housing
Info 154: Data Mining and Analytics, difficulty?
URAP statement advice after having failed a class
How heavy is the workload for UGBA 196 Personal Finance with Fred Sehlinger?
UGBA 10 Workload + Books?
Any advice for Chem 3A with Vollhardt?
Cornell to Berkeley
Discord server for people taking ee or cs classes
Is it possible to get an A in Econ100A without going to any lectures
I am someone from somewhere, and I want to know. Has any professor at UC Berkeley discovered a pothole in the Lord of the Rings? Because I have.
Has anyone transferred from community college?
Is it too late to reinstate SHIP?
Declaring CS
Any eecs professors that are especially helpful/easy to research with?
How am i supposed to connect my google homes in my dorm?
The Ultimate Cal Experience!
Prospective student for CS
Zero Waste DeCal
Bakeries that Sell Cakes with Printed Images on Top?
URAP?
Will I have to uninstall Microsoft Office after graduation?
Can anyone that's taken Econ 119 PM me the syllabus?
Do fall CS declarations usually go through before the spring and semester begins?
Admission Interview Inquiry
Looking for Sparring Partners
CS 170 + CS C100 workload?
There’s another orientation in the spring semester?!?!
Introduction to Mathematical Thinking DeCal
Need help moving
Where is the best place to get cheap suits for men with tailoring services?
PDF of Math 53 textbook?
Early Morning Earthquake Again?
Good place to take naps on campus?
can someone walk me through renewing my Adobe creative cloud subscription
How late am I in the housing game?
Celtic R1B?
Accidentally messed up scheduling time, and now I don’t have a free discussion section to choose for my major class.
Math 55 Textbook
Data 100 and Linear Algebra
is there any disadvantage to doing every single breadth course at a community college?
Amazing living/housing opportunity!
What is wrong with Cal's Men Basketball Team?
IB 138 advice?
What are some bakeries around Berkeley that sell fresh pizza dough?
is colwrit really time consuming? (colwrit r5a)
Free rain proof bike parking?
$25,000 Cash Prize Data Science Competition at UC Berkeley!
The best way to get organized for coursework
RSF renovated again?
Couple questions regarding roommate searching.
reopen the government, congressional letter to our twitt in the oval office
Anyone working on any engineering or cs projects that I can shadow and learn from?
Early morning earthquake on Wed. Nov 16
Rumble rumble.
Any singing or musical student groups?
(UC Berkeley Senior) Most likely going to be homeless, have a car, looking for advice. [Serious]
Linguistics 100 this semester, does anyone know the prof?
UGBA 10 textbook and readers?
Tips for succeeding in EE16A?
Econ 1 Grades
Econ 1 Grades
How is EE 106 A/B?
Electric scooters recommendations?
Transfer: Apply as x major, then switch to econ?
data8 workload/difficulty
Out of the Loop: What's happening with People's Park?
Berkeley to MBB
Thoughts/Advice on taking a gap semester but still staying in Berkeley?
What's going on at People's Park?
Take this quick survey about being a Cal student for a chance to win a $5,000 scholarship!
What do consulting clubs do?
Woman beaten and robbed during Berkeley carjacking; teens also robbed
Should I do Berkeley Econ or wait another year to apply to Haas?
I am a South Asian, and I want to know. If a cunty professor at Berkeley like John Yoo bullies me, how can I use this forum to stop him?
Master's of Translation Medicine (MTM) Program
URAP for Other College Students
Will meal plans ever go back to points?
Anyone down to start a MCU movie club?
Spring 2019 Research?
Taking MATH16A/B with literally zero math background?
facebook off campus housing group
Eft disbursement
Fee Payment Plan Help
Where can I rent/buy Art House films?
DSP Notetaker?
Gardeners of the East Bay: Looking for some kick-ass soil/compost
I kinda miss Berkeley, I guess?
Requesting digital transcript
What do you think about Chancellor Carol Christ's goal of making Berkeley a hispanic-serving institite (HSI)
CS188 waitlist
How is the SJW situation at Berkeley?
How do you become friends with someone who is better than you?
Data Scholars
Bank of America will “soon” require you to have an account with them to exchange cash for quarters
Places in Berkeley with a pub quiz night?
A Golden Bear in the wild
Anyone EMS(engineering math) know about upper div elective?
Why did you decide to major in CS/EECS?
Disneyland discount?
Do they check that you’re in your dorm every night?
are there any art clubs here?
I'm self-studying JavaScript for CS clubs next semester. Has anyone tried this before? What level of experience do clubs typically look for? Are there certain resources that are recommended for self-studying?
All 4 Remaining NFL teams have Cal Players!
CS C191, no pre-reqs
How competitive are summer study abroad programs?
I just graduated as an applied math major (undergrad) and am looking to apply to Data Science masters programs. I'm not sure how to ask my professors to write me a letter of rec for a field that I was not pursuing as an undergrad and don't have a lot of relevant coursework for.
Resume Help
Wooden maps of Berkeley I made
When does financial aid disburse?
is MCB 110 a biochem class?
Does Berkeley offer any scholarships for those who want to attend the Grace Hopper Convention?
Withdrew from Cal, gonna be gone for a year or two, can I still use edu email?
How to know you actually graduated?
Advice for staying energized
Summer Courses advice MATH 54 + CS61A+CS course
4,000 homeless in Berkeley fire
Theater with seats that you can snuggle up in?
8ams
Does Cal have any chill, project-based CS clubs?
Waiving MCB Lab Courses
Former Cal QB Jared Goff wins first career playoff game
CSULB to CC to UCB?
61C Competition Interesting Tactic
How long for cs major declaration application to go through?
Any classes/clubs for piano playing
Berkeley VPN
Infectious Disease and Vaccinology MPH Program Questions
Free Tickets to Cal-Arizona Men's Basketball - tonight at 730pm!
UC Berkeley Summer Sessions Other US College Student Registration
Econ appeal
Tell me what IEOR is about!
Desperately looking for this stuffed monkey! Has anyone seen it / know what it's called?
Summer classes
SUSA?
What is an academic and research resume?
Anyone have PDF of Annotations on Race,Colonialism,Islamophobia, and Palestine by Hatem Bazian?
EE 120 without 16A/B?
Clubs to join at Berkeley?
From a high school student aspiring to study at Cal and hopefully UCSF later
A high schooler aspiring to attend UCSF pharm stud
Magnetic poles ripe to reverse again?
Anyone take Portuguese 50?
Looking for someone to make a time capsule with on my 19th birthday (Jan. 22)
Thieves target Berkeley backpacking store, get away with $10K worth of merchandise
What are some good ways to develop writing skills through clubs and such on campus?
RSF Training Workshops worth it?
How are people enrolled in summer classes NOW?
Someone on r/bayarea mapped out all the boba shops near Cal; thought you guys might appreciate it as well!
Is enrolling in Berkeley Connect worth it?
Popularity of top US universities according to Google trends (2004-2018). All results are indexed to Harvard. Domestically, UPenn has seen largest increase in popularity, Berkeley has the only decrease. Internationally, MIT and UPenn has largest increase in popularity, Berkeley has largest decrease.
Checking your grades
CS70 Waitlist
CS summer classes
Tips for working a job while in school?
Research opportunities in CS vs EECS?
BJJ@Berkeley activity
Any suggestions on how to take notes in CS courses?
Stomach flu going around?
Is the reading for cs61b worth doing? Any past experiences from students
Has anyone taken CNM 190 (Advanced Digital Animation)? How was it?
Past grades
Clean frats?
Does EE 16A help a kid out in 70?
Tutor for CS162/Data 100
Sums up my four years at Berkeley
How much to Research Assistants make?
Easier Technical Courses to get an A in
Is econ 101a significantly harder than 100a?
Transfer app help
Boxing Coach
English and Econ double major
Taking an extra year for undergrad?
MCAT study group in Bay Area
Transfer student extracurriculars?
Mechanical Engineering Technical Elective
Can CS/Math/Engineering Math&amp;Stats(if there’s any) give me some advices please?
Berkeley in the Sixties
Financial Aid Spring 2019 Disbursed
Abolish Cal football
Recommended Units per Semester for Upper Div?
Anyone renting off-campus outside of Berkeley? I need alternatives.
CS 61A/Stat 133 for Business major?
Xfinity Issues?
Should I take 61b with josh or wait?
We out here, come through
Haas school of business query
We out here, every night is a Friday
After going to Cal, I think I focused too hard on academics and became a very boring person to be around. How can I change myself?
PLEASE HELP ME FIND MY DOG!!!
CS minor getting into upper divs?
Poker Club at Berkeley?
If I apply to transfer as a sociology major can I switch to psychology or double major with psychology?
Why do the lower div EE classes suck?
Anybody take Game Theory? (stat 155)
Trouble deciding if I wanna sign up for Berkeley connect's math or physics
Schedule conflict
Any resources to find mentors, particularly in regards to engineering?
I failed 2 of my classes and am now scared shitless
EE49?
UCBUGG decal?
non work study jobs
Soda hours over break, anybody know them?
When you come home for break, what place do you miss eating at the most?
Haas + EECS Dual Major (or minor)?
[suggestion needed] If I was denied by a course, what can I do if I really want to take this course?
Anyone want to lift at the RSF tonight?
Dumb question, but where do I get normal library books?
Spring transfer
Any options for taking care of a dog for a semester?
Cap and gown
I need a 1 unit class
What're the chances a class with 3 people is taught?
How much does it cost to attend Berkeley for grad school?
Bio 1B Professors
How damaging is getting a NP in a 3 Unit class for grad school admissions?
Do our Windows licenses expire?
We out here
Chem 3a Discord?
Data science/math/cs midlife crisis
Anyone who’s taken Design Innovation 10 (design)?
Shipping to Dorms Question
How to take better advantage of Berkeley's engineering resources and grad students
For all you legal students; John Yoo and Anthony Scalia's legacy from 9/11 and the relevance today with the current Occupier In Chief.
Anyone here in Berkeley Legends?
Where did you go for your MS/PhD in Math(Pure, Applied, Statistics)?
IMT Decal Application
Another Annoying Freshman Waitlist Post
Do you feel like there are enough mental health resources?
Petitioning the American Cultures Requirement
Toppled eucalyptus smashes vehicle, kills Novato man on UC Berkeley campus
Good places to find on-campus work for a full time student?
What happens if you are below 13 units?
Able to skip Math 1A with high school exam credits?
Public library card
How hard is it to get into Berkeley’s materials science programme?
Can we continue to use our .edu emails after graduating for discounted Amazon Prime?
Premed frats/sorority
[#20] Enjoying your break? Well, get ready to panic because the new semester is about to begin. Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
When do classes start?
Am I able to take classes for my intended major (Integrative Biology) before I declare it? And if so, would they count when I do eventually declare?
CS Interview
Is anyone taking any of cs61b, cs70, and ee16b?
What are resources that Berkeley has for undergrads that are actually super useful or cool?
Best Cal libraries to work from (for non-students)
Good spots to skate?
Housing options for an incoming/transfer PhD student?
I can’t afford to go back to Cal next semester, someone pls validate my choice :’)
Staying an extra semester (9th semester) and applying to grad school
Co-Op Questions
Rise Lab?
What to do about my waitlist positions when unit cap is filled up
“How to be a DJ” related courses or decals?
Anyone have experience with Music 46?
Cal Football’s Bryce Turner has passed away after collapsing during a workout earlier this week.
2018 rents. SF #1, Berkeley #4 in increase. San Jose #8 and Oakland #9 decrease in US.
Potential Dismissal for College of Engineering?
Happy Holidays to all Berkeley residents, cheers!
Man charged after leaving fake bomb with anti-Jewish slurs at UCPD
IUD at Tang?
Necessity of Stat 135 for Stat 154 (machine learning)?
Transfer student: Should I wait to take Math 54?
A question about changing major applied for
Affordable piano lessons on campus?
Federal financial aid during government shutdown?
ECE Master's from a different undergrad university
EECS Major Seeking Help
Any way to check if I've already waived SHIP in fall?
Essential classes to take for Stat
An essential spot to bring any friend visiting Berkeley
One of my favorite spots
Any FFXIV Players?
[Full-time Job Opportunities for Recent Grads]: RA and Lab manager positions in neuroscience labs at NYU
Berkeley's housing problem would be solved in we moved the Burj Khalifa there.
Anyone in tech sales?
Any WoW players?
Cancelling a Spring Semester Student Loan
Where to find good skincare product shops/facial services in Berkeley?
LGBT @ Berkeley
How do you know if a faculty member's willing to write you a good LOR or not?
Econ Alumni and Econ majors...
Can a course that fulfills a requirement Berkeley Certificate of Design Innovation also fulfill the Art Breadth?
EECS Transfer
Berkeley Blues
Facility availabilities as summer student
Options for someone interested in Computer Science AS A RECENT GRADUATE?
Advice on C8 + CS88 going in to CS61BL during summer 2019
South Berkeley Starbucks closes more than 4 years after controversial opening
Prerequisites for Physics 137A
Would you go for free? Berkeley vs LAC.
Learning Python using 61A material without taking the class
Conflicting info on refund check from Cal Student Central
Is it better to get an apartment in or around Berkeley?
Applying for programmer internships as a Cog-Sci Major after 61A only.
Any chance for an out-of-state community college student to transfer to Berkeley?
Fee payment plan- I feel like I'm going insane, where do we choose the option for this?
Making Friends Here
Accessible Rooftops?
Looking for CS 162 partners
Physics 77?
Hope that Cal gets a cut of this bag from Calvin Klein.
Go Bears Freestyle -- Someone posted this on subtle asian traits and I couldn't help but share it with y'all. Go Bears!
When will the new climbing gym on Solano open?
Handshake SSO
Single Apartment Cost?
PSA: We're moving to Berkeley
whomstve still here after New Years?
Who else hates 2-step authentication?
Sushi Frenzy [Download] is 30% OFF
More LOR Stuff
I'm graduating in 2019 as a computer engineer, but I still don't have any job offers. Should I be worried?
Im graduating in 2019 as a computer engineer, but I still don't have a full time offer. Should I be worried?
How is stat 134 with Lucas
Summer Sessions Question
Parking for out-of-state student living off campus?
Happy New Bears, I mean Years!!
Has anyone taken Physics 141A?
Internship help
Computer Science Requirements with CC credits
Really depressed with my experience here so far.
25 and still a virgin. How can an average Asian dude get laid around here?
How bad was it that I asked for a LOR over break?
Data Science and Econ. Good pair?
Has anyone taken EE192 or EE106a?
Statistics in Berkeley vs. QBS in Dartmouth?
Hey r/berkeley! The deadline to waive SHIP without the late fee is tomorrow, January 1st.
minor or no?
Which classes provided revlatory breakthroughs in your life?
Lawerence national lab for fire works?
Anyone else in EE 118?
CS and Hiring for Internships
How do you repay loans with UC Berkeley as the servicer?
Anyone know if there's going to be a ball drop in SF?
Can transfer students take summer courses the semester prior to transferring?
Taking extra semester for double major, but intentionally not finishing it - repercussions?
If you could go back in time and give yourself advice as a freshman/sophomore at Berkeley, what would you say to yourself and why?
How do you export the schedule from CalCentral Schedule Planner?
Premed skipping Chem 1A and Bio 1A with AP credits?
What are some good orgs for transfer students interested in finance?
Can I take a data science connector before taking Data 8?
Finding The Best Amazon Products To Promote - iREViEWi
Late night parking spots around Frat Row for guests?
How late do companies recruit interns for cs positions?
Is Berkeley a good fit for me?
Insiders' Guide to Quality Greek Life?
Is it better to become data8 or 61a gsi? Are they paid the same?
Transferring out of Berkeley
Enterprise and other car rentals
EECS 126, 127, and 170 in the same semester?
Thoughts on People's Park (are y'all for demolishing it or just keeping it the way it is?)
UC Berkeley should NOT be cutting down swaths of mature trees at Peoples Park...
UC Berkeley should not be cutting down trees at Peoples Park
UC Berkeley should not be cutting down trees at Peoples Park
Anyone have the most recent Hallatschek final solution key?
Anyone selling addy?
I didn't get an email on how to retain my .edu email after graduation?
Has anyone taken history100AC
I go to this spot on the way to work.
Anyone done the Global Internships program?
EPS 130 requires MATH 54?
Can anyone lend me their student ID and Clipper card?
Has anyone taken English 135ac?
MCB major, CS minor?
Volunteering in/near Berkeley
Cal removes 42 trees at People's Park to 'address long-deferred maintenance'
LOR Requests
How to get better at public speaking?
Physics 7B and 7C in the same semester
What are my options for failing 3/5 classes
Adjusted GPA after course repeat
Global C100D / Geog C112 (Global Development): How hard is it? Worth it as an interesting breadth?
EECS degree requirement and classes that let you decide units?
UC Berkeley developed an AI to translate dance moves from a target in a given video onto a subject in a separate video fairly convincingly
Any Parties over new years going on?
Data, Prediction, and Law
berkeley to wallstreet?
Transfer Admissions: Does HS matter?
ECON Transfer, Math prerequisites?
L&amp;S
For those of you that dislike Cal, why?
Can I get a wholesome “go bears” ?!!
Berkeley Stats/Data Science Discord Group
Question regarding classes
Declaring a major with a C-?
How do I get closer to my professor?
Is there any indication anywhere that I graduated?
Simultaneous degrees doable for transfer students?
Has anyone taken IND END 190(e)?
question about declaring econ
Help my sister get to UC Berkeley
Looking for the physics freshman who PM'd me
help - need life/career advice
CS vs Data Science wdyt
[Football] Cal falls to TCU in the Cheez-It Bowl 10-7 in 2OT
Best Mechanical Engineering Electives to Take
We got some good football going on at the Cheez-It Bowl
Thoughts about Berkeley Law?
Any ORMS Majors Here?
We need your help and support!
LOR's and Building Relationships with Faculty
(ee)cs transfers students who got internships the summer after your first year--how?
Is majoring in CS like the Hunger Games? Or Chūnin Exams?
CalCentral Grade Mistake
How to get access to old CS61B assignments/projects?
getting off waitlist for data8?
Chance of getting into DATA 8?
EECS/CS minor overlapping classes question
Graduation Events — what should I go to
When will 61C grades be posted?
Members of the Cal football team spent their Christmas morning volunteering with the Salvation Army. Go Bears!
Classics 28
Reminder: tomorrow is the most important day of the year!
Best Laptop repair places?
Merry Christmas Bears!
Data 8 Advice
Questions about Math 118
What's the deadline for grades being posted?
Is the EECS major really that small?
Difference between Applied Math and Engineering Math and Statistics?
Switching majors from math to applied math
Is there any way to check if I’m on the Dean’s honor list on Cal Central?
Dances classes via RFS?
Why are final exams worth so much?
Getting an Internship
confirmation about fulfilling foundations of data science requirement
How necessary is undergrad research as a bio major/Scholarship search :{
Has anyone taken EE192 or C106A/B?
Connecting Nintendo Switch Online using school wifi
Received a D in a non a-g class in first semester of senior year- Will I be rescinded?
AP credits and CC credits from concurrent enrollment?
Has anyone done an internship through the Global Internships program?
econ majors
Is UGBA 96 no longer a connector course for Data 8?
Anyone know the process for adjudication for 61C (or any similar class)?
RateMyProfessor rating and BerkeleyTime grade average/ distribution doesn't line up?
Any used/vintage video game stores in the area?
How strict is the 140 unit cap for double majoring?
EECS TRANSFERS!
When will we know that we've successfully declared our major for intended Econ major?
EE/CS Discord server
Econ transfer
Potential Visiting Student with Questions about CS classes
[Part-Time Job Opportunity]: Home Tutor for Individual with Autism, $16/hr
Popping?
Why is UC Berkeley using taxpayer money to fund legal/living support for illegal immigrant students? Doesn't it mean taxpayers are paying to support law breakers? Why are taxpayers okay with this?
What's it like to be Asian at Berkeley? Tell us your story of discrimination.
Cheapest food in Berkeley that won’t give me diarrhea
Going down the eecs stack decal?
What are my chances of getting in?
EECS transfer advice
Pre-med class requirements
YikYak Replacement (ChitChat)
GPA Calculation for Community College Transfer Students
GPA incorrectly calculated on calcentral
How to Meet New People
Mixed opinions about Math 53
I want dick
espm 50ac syllabus?
Substituting MCB c110L?
Taking Winter Class but forget to fill out the concurrent enrollment form
is it just me, or does the title of this email read like something out of a fever-dream?
Getting a Recc Form or LOR from a Prof/GSI
What did 924 Gilman St. look like 27 years ago? I was in the Navy, and i took pictures.
Meetup for Cheez-it Bowl in NY
Rough first semester, thoughts current schedule for next semester?
Busted fire hydrant on Channing
Getting off waitlist Math 104?
Grade on calcentral but not on bcourses
Best Improv clubs/ classes to join in Berkeley?
STAT 88: Pretty Awful Class
Can someone walk me through setting up cs61a?
econ c110
Double Major English/Classical Languages?
Directed Group Study?
I miss Samses94's posts
R&amp;C A regrade request or regrade in general
Internship/Freelance Work Wanted
Anyway to prepare for CS61B?
Longtime Cal football announcer calling it a career:After 54 years as a college football analyst, Lee Grosscup will retire after Bears' bowl game
Drugs and the Brain Grade Release?
CS61B
What's it like to be a grader for a class?
Instructor mistake or change in grading policy
Does Berkeley allow Undergrads to do accelerated Masters programs? Like if you finish the classes for the masters program can you get the degree?
daddy denero
Anyone else get shafted by the curve in 189?
Study Semester Abroad GPA Requirements
Missed the 3.3 CS Cutoff
Questions for (preferably mechanical engineering, but any) graduate students!
Getting a D
Wanna know why most Berkeley students don’t go to grad school?
P/NP Grading Question
Why does Chancellor Christ remind me of Oski bear so much
Studying for CS70 over winter. Go straight into material from last year? CS 198 Introduction to Mathematical Thinking?
How to study for CS 170?
Do product management internships care about your GPA / transcripts?
Is 61B smaller than 61A(~1600 ppl)?
How hard is the actual MBA program, as compared to an undergrad?
first semester languages during spring term
Is a 93.15% considered an A or an A- in a non-curved (I think) class?
We made it onto today's jeopardy game!
Is taking MCB 102 over the summer easier?
How bad is it to get a B+ in 61a
does calcentral still show A even if you made an A+ (b/c GPA wise it doesn't matter) or did I actually get just an A?
Data 8 bins?
Has anyone gotten into Haas with a C+ in one of the pre-reqs?
Sports club info
where/when do grades show up?
R5B LPT Request
Dropped from PE class I was waitlisted for. Is this normal?
cs 61a grade bins
Eecs vs l&amp;s
Chem 1A Grade Bins
anyone taken the imt decal?
Anyone know about SAP appeals &amp; taking an incomplete?
Video Shows Accused ISIS Supporter Bragging Of Plot To Bomb Gay Bars And UC Berkeley, Sell Poison-Laced Cocaine, Prosecutors Say
got dropped by a breadth...
Guys I need comfort. I may potentially fail a class that I thought I wouldn’t fail. I’m sad.
CS61B after CS88
Cute guy in stats 88
Fun Fact of the Day: The CD killed the KiwiBot
I was in the bottom 25% of 61A this semester. Should I continue pursuing a STEM major?
ME 104 homework
Country music fans at Cal that would want to go to Florida over spring break for Country Thunder?
Has anyone taken ind eng 190e?
Insight on CS 61B, Mse 103, Cbe 160
Summer Classes
Sound and light show
anyone commute from downtown oakland to uc berkeley, specifically clark kerr, for work Monday - Friday? looking to carpool?
Math 53 with Zworski?
RSF Hours over break 11am - 7pm thru 12/31 (except Christmas Day)
How much does a 0.1 gpa difference make for eecs job applications?
Any advice?
Can Transfer Students minor and could someone recommend good minors for a Political Science Major
Who is staying in Berkeley for winter break?
Communes?
Have a safe winter break + resources for support and adventure
EE16B
Drinking Games
Grading Policy
Can I use your guys’ gym as a UCSC student?
winter break plans?
Stat 134/135
AYCE sushi?
Anyone taken ME 132?
Go Bears!
I have a mild intellectual disability. Any advice from the smart folks at Berkeley?
California Tokyodachi Collectible
Is there an adjunct class I can take with CS61A this upcoming spring?
F
I THOUGHT MY LAST FINAL WAS AT 6 AND IT WAS AT 3
Some thoughts after burnout...
What are these messages?
basic coding skills for research
astro c10 grade cutoffs
MCB 104 Curve
When your friend lowers the curve...
Oh the humanity!
RIP kiwi bot brother, you will be missed.
Thanks to whomever extinguished the KiwiBot
Transfer units
STAT/ CompSci C8
STAT/CompSci C8 Enrollment Help
More CS Appeal Success Stories?
Berkeley should divest from fossil fuel industry.
Cool 4-unit classes to take to fulfill free electives?
Faculty fret about cheating and low English skills as UC Santa Barbara enrolls more students from China
Consequences of a NP (math1b).
Consequences of a NP (Math 1B).
GPA for Dean's Honors List L&amp;S?
Once you graduate can you still watch webcast here?
Rip KIWI
Do students that graduate early still have access to stuff like the RSF or AC Transit pass?
Are there any of you who are contemplating transferring OUT of Berkeley?
Metal security gate thwarts attempted burglary at Berkeley Apple Store
Question for RA's
The top 10 real estate website companies of 2018 | inboundREM
Does Anyone Else Feel This Way?
I Think You Guys Lost Your Bear...
Giving away Tickets to CHON show tonight?
Donate Blood this Holiday Season- Bay Street Blood Drive
Swipe Right
Is two technicals doable over the summer??
Singing lessons for a beginner?
Nichi Ramen?
Free Tickets for Men's Basketball games over winter break!
Everything You Need to Know About Kelsey Coin
New BART entrance in Berkeley comes with caution tape
HELP THIS HS SENIOR FROM INDIA
Physics 5A Final
Looking to major in accounting
Man arrested after Berkeley homeless camp stabbing with ‘makeshift spear’
Please weigh in! :)
mid year housing transfers: how does it work?
I need help with a UC Berkeley library book
THE END OF THE SEMESTER IS IN SIGHT!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh
When can we expect to get the final grades back?
Do Meal Swipes Carryover to Next Semester?
Not enrolled from waitlist
22 y/o missing bay area man missing. Please contact SFPD if you have any information.
Math 54 Teleman Final
please tell a panicked freshman where to get a blue/green book??
Sick for the final, should I caffeine up?
Solutions to ee16a spring 18 final?
Anyone else procrastinating still?
RA time commitment
Reduced course load
hi everyone I made a playlist to listen to when studying for finals. it’s dark and moody and I hope that you will like it. okay goodbye now have a nice day 🖤🔥🦉
[HELP NEEDED] SF Based Startup CEO's/Founders needed for a 20 minutes phone call about startup ecosystem success factors
Is EECS as toxic as people say?
Please help me with my study and earn $15/hour for your time!
POLS 179
Data 8 Grade Distribution
Is RSF open during winter break ?
Where can I get a flu shot near campus?
Foothill La Loma dorm laundry room caught on fire.... great start to finals guys
Night shuttle lost and found
Berkeley Students Drop Dope Visual
Any places that might employ me over winter break?
Schedule Difficutly
Just a heads up, y'all should check if fiber is available at your apartment
CS 70 Crash course
Can u take cs70 andcs162 at the same time?
An interview between Nicholas Dirks and China.org.cn
Chinese Americans/immigrants, are you afraid of being interned?
Pick up soccer games?
What's a good place to study that isn't crazy full?
CHEM1A Help
Where is the cheapest place to shove caffeine into my body.
Automod Update. Posts from new accounts will no longer be automatically removed.
Is not getting an A bad?
In UC's battle with the world's largest scientific publisher, the future of information is at stake
Is the courtyard in Evans ever open?
what happened to jumpingpajamas
Is the "Grade Distribution" feature on berkeleytime bust?
Dropping a Class?
Campus announces the Undergraduate Student Diversity Project
International Student Prospective Grad Applicant
Exchange in 2020
International House
CoE Semester GPA Graduation Requirement
Ibser Stat 20 Final Advice?
switching my major to chemistry...
Anyone in SOCIOL 121 want to collaborate on the final workbook? I've already made some progress on it
Where are my titties?
If you're not sitting in it, your seat's up for grabs
When’s the streaking?
Alternative health insurance to SHIP available to international students
Berkeley Councilmember Denies City is Anti-Housing, Then Almost Immediately Votes Against More Housing
Dead week library hours
math 10a final exam
Why is Berkeleytime not posting grade distributions anymore?
Chunlei Liu
After promising to not evict residents the other day city of Oakland at this moment is now at Housing and Dignity Village evicting the residents
Naked Run
Has anyone got into Berkeley L&amp;S without subject tests?
Justin Wilcox Signed to 5 Year Extension
Gmail and Google Drive Cal-Themes Icons
Possibility to be banned from Handshake or Career Center?
possible chetaing method
I’m currently a CCC college student with questions about transferring.
What I expect Cheez-It Bowl fans to look like this year
When you first apply for UC Berkeley...
What to do on the day of a CS final?
New Year's Eve Parties
Would this be weird?
Libraries/ On Campus standing desks?
A “grilled cheese” at Brown’s
A “grilled cheese” at Pat Brown
A “grilled cheese” at Pat Brown’s
Worth working an unpaid internship?
Do you think the possibility of large-scale public activism is alive at UC Berkeley in the current year and beyond?
I'm new here. Does "sorry" = "hey"?
Berkeley is finally moving towards getting e-scooter rentals.
in state tuition reduction for readers/tutors
Dying for dead week
Dying for dead week
Course Load?
Best tattoo place in Berkeley?
heater in dorms
Online Community College Courses for R1B or Physics 7B
Where to get an ugly christmas sweater in Berkeley
Asked for an in-person verification for my statements of interest on my UC app.
Asked for in-person verification of my statements of interests on application
Introductory courses on functional analysis?
selling my doc martens!
DataX/IEOR 135 Difficulty
How long to take to watch anime w/o subtitle
Is Berkeley dog friendly?
UC Berkeley must pay $70K and change policies to guarantee free speech for conservative speakers
anyone lose a female chihuahua on campus?
EE16a Final past experiences
Anyone know a place that sells bandanna's?
2019 Football Schedule Announced
Better Sleep — Not ‘All-Nighters’ — Helps Students on Final Exams
Good Luck on Finals!
It really do be like that... (happy deadweek)
Moving to Downtown Berkeley in Feb 2019 and found this housing hosted by UCBH on 2325 McGee Ave. The pictures look fine but I’m not sure if the place is legit bc of the sketchy website. I’m wondering if anyone could share their experience living there so I can decide now ;)
So who's going to the naked run.
Do you think my reader will care if I reuse my documents and quotes for an essay?
Serious question about Moffit
Are Letter of Rec Requests becoming more common for Berkeley?
Why is math 110 so hard?
Any Hockey fans?
The Mining Building
Always Alone at Berkeley
I found a guitar amp at a bus stop in Berkeley
UC Berkeley to settle free speech lawsuit with campus conservative groups
YAF Wins Landmark Free Speech Lawsuit, UC Berkeley To Pay $70,000 And Rescind Unconstitutional Policies
To the entitled woman in the express lane at Whole Foods.
Anyone here know what texts are used in the telugu language courses?
Anyone here ever taken any telugu courses?
Chances of getting in, please weigh in!
Data8 Final?
Premed students of Berkeley, what did you do over the summer?
Textures on campus
What happened to Pancho's in the Asian Ghetto?
Applied as a transfer. Chance me?
Applied to Berkeley as transfer. Chance me?
California will take on TCU in the Cheez-It Bowl on December 26th at 6 PM PST
Cal to the Cheez It Bowl vs TCU
I don't understand how so many printing stores can stay in business in Berkeley
Your favorite restaurant of each food type in Berkeley?
CS61B after CS61A
How competitive is the process to become a paid tutor at the SLC?
Concerns about declaring CS major because of my CS 70 grade!!
Good job to Justin Wilcox on improving Cal by 2 wins and making a bowl game this year
Does Berkeley Superscore the SAT?
Concerns about declaring CS major because of my CS 70 grade!!
Library Winter Break Borrowing Rules
Applying to Cal
WARNING : GRACEPOINT CHURCH POSTING ANTIGAY HATRED FLYERS ON CAMPUS
4 units short on "Units in Residence"... Recommend a PolEcon major some easy-As!
One of us was leaning on her car... then this happened
Transfer applicant. Chance me
[Football] Cal falls to Stanford 13-23 in the 121st Big Game.
Applying as transfer. Chance me?
Worried af after submitting my app
UC Berkeley 2018 Admits: 1340-1530 SAT, 29-35 ACT.
Mosquitoes
WARNING : GRACEPOINT CHURCH - ANTIGAY HATRED FLYERS ON CAMPUS
Don't be like me
MATH 110 or CS 61A? Desperately needing advice!
How long does it take to make glasses at the University Eye Center?
Cal v Stanford Ticket
Finding a studybuddy to keep you accountable for studying during finals week
DATA 100 Expanding?
1 Ticket available for Cal vs Stanford 12/1 *free
Selling 1 ticket to the big game
Question about dorm keys
selling brand new keurig
Has anyone taken CS 195? Your thoughts?
CS61B or CS70 over the summer?
When are PB HLTH 181 and SOC 127 offered?
High school senior year, hoping someone can answer a few questions about CS vs EECS!
So they admit it
Auctioning off 3 seats (all next to eachother) for Cal Stamford game. Each ticket starts at $20
Trying to sell 3 seats for big game (Cal v. Stanford), all next to eachother, all for cheap
Extra Tickets to The Big Game
California UCB Special Interest License plate
61B autograder makes national news. Was it really that bad?
M.E.T at Berkeley
61B autograder makes national news. Was it really that bad?
Is it possible to design your own minor/certificate?
A U.S Navy Veteran seeking advise to be a prospect student of CAL
What happened to the cal dining Omelette bars?
Math 54 vs. EE61A
Calc Concepts in ECON 101B
Likelihood of an engineering data science major?
When do on campus-housing apps for the next year begin?
Should I apply for L&amp;S Physics or CoE Physics?
Anyone in Econ 102/EEP 102? I'll pay for problem set solutions
Berkeley’s Ici Ice Cream Closes
LBNL hiring; drug test?
CS70 over the summer vs. during the semester
What is the overlap policy for minors?
CS61A projects on resume?
Transfer question! Please help!
Law professor sues University of California for admissions data about race
2-3 unit course next semester recommendation?
selling/exchange two cal stanford football game tickets that i cannot go to. if you want to trade it for basketball tickets that can work as well!
educ182ac syllabus
This is what Berkeley should be protesting
Italian bakery PiQ in Downtown Berkeley closes its doors
Tanis - One of the oldest cities in the ancient world
Can you make changes to your “Late Change of Class Schedule” form once it’s submitted?
When is the deadline for tuition for Spring semester?
Easy 2 units during summer?
Anyone wants to go to Pac 12 Champion game in San Jose tomorrow?
Hey Doe made the front page!
Seeking business/finance and computer science students for a 30-minute call!
Applying for summer courses from OOS college
Nutri Sci 10
MCB 104 v MCB 140
Opinions on Linux SysAdmin Decal?
Application help please
How to transfer Cal football tickets?
Hackathon to win referrals and free mock interviews for top tech companies
Date spot advices for an out of towner
Berkeley Transfer (previously admitted)
Has anyone taken Biology 1B over the summer, and if so, how is it?
CC student in need of some assistance!
Can Freshman applicants be admitted directly into Haas? Or is it after freshman year when you can apply?
Will pay for CS61B project 3 Graphs help
I have achieved mastery
Getting 61B during adjustment phase
Looking for acid urgently
Cal1Card Marriage
Why Berkeley Sucks but You Still Need to Go
Looking for on campus housing next year?? Come to the Cal Housing fair!
Any entomologists/habitat majors read NYTimes Insect Extinction article?
Anyone entomologists, habitat majors read NYTimes Insect Extinction article?
Late change of schedule
Psych 147
How do late drops/NPs affect current/next semester's financial aid?
A Golden Bear on national televsion
High School Senior w couple questions
Accidentally put PE and Teacher Aid on non a-g class in application
Letter of rec on Berkeley Portal?
I never realized how trashy and embarrassing the “Sex on a Tuesday” column of the Daily Cal was until I accidentally saw it with my mom.
Will sections for Math 1B likely to open up?
I never realized how trashy and embarrassing the “Sex on a Tuesday” column of the Daily Cal was until I accidentally saw it with my mom.
Housing for Summer 2019 + On
jacking off in stalls at berkeley? wtf horny college boys
I ate a tiny bite of this pizza from foothill dining I think the cheese is spoiled
Any insight on Physics/Chem/CS C191 with K Whaley?
Can I undo a pass no pass course?
Adjunct courses?
On campus financial advisor?
Application question
Same course offered by different departments
Theater R1B Natalie Duong or Julia Havard?
[#19] Finals are coming. Don't have enough karma to make a thread? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
Any insight on Sociol 117 / 166 with Huang?
Thoughts on UCB Econ?
Good luck on the last week of classes + studying for finals!
Grocery Delivery Apps
Grocery Delivery
Anyone else moving cross country for law school?
Data 100 Enrollment?
Any musicians/ bands?
With zoning and neighbor veto power, Berkeley is pricing out the non-rich, says author of new book
Remodeals
Withdrawing from One Class
I keep getting anxiety attacks while trying to do work/study
Mostly vegetarian recommendations from a recent Berkeley grad. If you don't agree with the list fite me.
'Failed' autograder, lack of assistance: Students express frustration with CS 61B
I can’t afford to go to Berkeley next semester, not sure what to do
Any alumni I can meet with or PM?
Will I get into Chem 3b?
Why are all Pokegyms on campus controlled by Team Mystic?
Camera and lens rentals?
25 Year Old Psychology Post-Bacc Student Looking for Housing
Applying to Berkeley EECS with no CS background?
Is anyone else having problems enrolling in classes for Phase 2?
Berkeley Engineering Undeclared versus EECS
How about a ramen vending machine?
Co-Op Housing
plz help Pizza place??
Anyone know where to get a bike?
Superduper Fun Survey! Please participate to help!
Anyone taking Econ C110? Could use a tutor!
I’m taking 13 units and might NP a class ... what happens if I do?
Can I take a PE class back to back with another class?
Where to host 35-40 person banquet?
Where to hold 35-40 person banquet?
Which UC Berkeley college to apply to?
When do 61a final scores usually come out?
How to report grades applying to Berkely as an IB student ?
Is anyone in CS61A and/or EE16A who wants to start preparing for finals?
What are my chances of getting into Berkeley?
Berkeley - a Poem
Why are there so few seats for Chem 3AL?
[Football] Cal defeats Colorado 33-2-
Y'all know of any good car mechanics in Berkeley
Is Berkeley asking for a letter of rec? Or is it a glitch?
Physics 177: Difficulty, prior knowledge required
Poli Sci 179 (Fall 2018)
If I’m out of state applying to Berkeley will I not get any financial aid?
Who is Professor Meme Lord?
What are good part-time jobs to have during a summer at Berkeley and over the school year?
Transfer application question
PS 179
Choosing Major for Prospective Transfers?
Self guided campus tour
Free Tickets to Cal-Colorado Football on Sat at 4pm!
I need more friends here lol
Chemical Engineering At Berkeley
Has anyone taken J160 or any other class by Hasegawa-Sensei?
If you're stuck in Berkeley over the weekend, come to the Cal football game Saturday. Tickets are $6 on StubHub.
UC Berkeley Library chooses firm to redesign Moffitt Library floors
MPH application essay formatting?
Why are students here hate breadths so much?
Be my friend for a week
Crisis! Need memes!
How to find online community college classes that satisfy breadths?
Pre-reqs for Econ c181
Any restaurants open on Thanksgiving?
In the Year of the Millennial, Berkeley elects its youngest-ever council member
Help and applicant out ?
What's everyone stuck alone in Berkeley doing tomorrow?
Music upper divs for non music majors
Admissions Question
Skydeck startup HUMM looking for product testers - $15 for 30 min!
Skydeck startup HUMM looking for product testers - $15 for 30 min!
Chem 3AL Final
Skydeck startup HUMM looking for product testers - $15 for 30 min!
Backpacks in the Rain
Chemistry Research
Math 1B
anyone else dying in stat 140??
Has anyone ever used essaypro.com before? Is it reliable?
i need someone to help me with a homeless person in berkeley who has been staking me.
Does Rao usually have a no HW option for cs70?
Anyone know of local places who need volunteers on Thanksgiving day?
List of Spring 2019 courses being webcasted?
Anyplace I can go play with puppies?
Berkeley zoning board to 12-story developer: ‘Funk this thing up’
What gym in Berkeley / On-campus is the “gay gym?” Where my LGBTQ brothers and sisters at?
Swap function
CS61B in SD over thanksgiving break
Transfer students, how important is finishing your major prereqs and IGETC by the time you apply?
How do employers view course staff positions?
How do employers view course staff positions?
GBO leader
Is the rain going to clear the smoke?
Are the libraries open today
Ways UC Berkeley can reduce expenditure
How Safe is Your Home’s Air? The Internet of Things and Air Quality Monitoring during Wildfires
Listing GPA on Resume
Left black backpack at Hesse Hall
Pest Control Middletown NJ Termites Carpenter Ants Crickets Bed Bugs
College of Natural Resources Question
Need help understanding EECS/CS timeline.
Rip half of dead week
Amount of neurobiology in the psychology major?
Looking forward to seeing this view again after the smoke clears (Grizzly Peak)
Math courses for CS student?
Accessing Letters of Rec on Grad Application?
How is Ibser for Stat 20?
Is the amazon store open?
I left my window open last night. AQI was 170, will I have any short term or long term problems?
I left my window open last night. AQI was 170, will I have any short term or long term problems
Are big game student tickets still available?
Three years in, I love Berkeley so much, but I hate the broader Bay Area. Any Cal Bears have success getting SoCal jobs? Thanks!
Vents in berkeley?
Calling all berkeley premeds
Parents aren’t letting my go to Berkeley (too far). Can you guys convince me it’s a bad school so I won’t feel upset?
when are bio 1b midterms?
What happens to packages if they're delivered when the mail room is closed?
Question about the underground tunnels
Anybody driving down to LA for Thanksgiving break?
Baseball Shoes -
Hypothetical Question about Degree
I'm transferring out of Cal. Do I need to tell my new college about a non-reportable warning?
Did any of you UCB admits use sat score choice?
classes canceled Monday and Tuesday
JCC East Bay Berkeley canceling all classes through Wednesday.
When the poor AQI is bringing out the real fuck boys...
Advice about Pre-med at Cal?
Looking to transfer from UCSC to UCB for Premedicine
The Oldest Ship In The World
CS70 Professors
do flex dollars carry over to next semester?
skrt skrt
Beautiful Boy, a new film staring Steve Carrel &amp; Timothée Chalamet, is a great film involving Cal and I recommend giving it a watch.
While reading the University Health Services: Notice of Privacy Practices form that I was asked to sign on my eTang, I came across something that should be addressed.
Which rivalry is more intense? USC-UCLA or Stanford-Cal?
From one UC to another
NLP Training Online - Choose From 3 of Life Training Systems Advanced Online Trainings
A proposal I witnessed at Lawrence Hall a little while ago. Thought you all might enjoy.
Berkeley before &amp; after the wildfires ...
UCB Alumni Douglas Engelbart introduces the Internet (1:34)
Are Moffitt &amp; Stacks open over this weekend?
I guess we need his intermural team on our football team
The Stanford subreddit is so dead
Stay safe Berkeley squirrels! owo
Checking Out "Fun" Books
Piano classes? Lessons?
Anyone know if classes are cancelled Monday?
My filter caught this much gunk in my dorm room..
Ann Coulter SLAMS The UK’s ‘Pathetic’ Knife Ban
Big Came is rescheduled to 12/1
Sources: Pac-12 to cancel the 'Big Game' between Stanford and Cal
Pollution in locally harvested foods?
Op-Ed | Berkeley needs affordable housing: Not here for the views
With classes canceled, what are you going to do today? Residents, how’s your weekend looking?
How do I know if I'll get into small classes?
Shoutout to the ASUC for supplying thousands of respirators for free tonight.
Waitlist Chances for CEE Courses
Am I being paranoid about the air situation? I’m home and have not went outside at all, but I’m worried it’s coming in through the cracks of my windows
Can UCEAP actually put a hold on my account?
Is this all it takes to appease you guys?
Another Air Quality Post!!!
Air at RSF
Extra HEPA Filters At Martinez
Classes cancelled on Friday, Nov 16 due to worsening air quality
ASUC is handing out more free respirators on Lower Sproul at 7:30 tonight!
MASKS
"Christian" Cult on Campus (Reconnect)
Classes Canceled Friday
More Masks!
THANK CHRIST
Where and what kind of gas mask should I get?
I don't have any class on Friday
Fuck you, my lungs already got damaged today
Classes Cancelled for Tomorrow
CLASSES R CANCELLED
Chancellor Christ cancels classes tomorrow
Classes Cancelled
Worsening air quality forces cancellation of classes
FYI, there's a news van in Hearst Mining Circle (Stanley Hall) if you want to voice your opinion about air quality on campus
FYI, There's a aews van outside Stanley Hall if you want to voice your opinion about the air quality on campus
EECS Department Cancels Classes. Carol Christ does nothing.
BE3 / MACSME programs
How do you pronounce christ
How to help a GSI?
The only two colleges in Bay Area that I know of that are not Cancelled tomorrow: Stanford, Berkeley
How are the squirrels doing?
How to help a GSI?
Carol Christ asserting "significant improvement"...
Why are classes NOT cancelled??
All these students trying to get masks. Close School chancellor!!
Protest in front of Sproul?
How hard is it to get into Civil Engineering grad school?
New email from King Christ
You guys are so fucking naive
The Bay Area Air Quality Management District (Carol’s reference for AQI) now reads at 215. Class MUST be cancelled at this point.
Air update: Oakland schools closed tomorrow.
[Megathread] Air Quality Megathread. Complain about the AQI in here.
Do NP grades count towards 120 L&amp;S requirement?
You realize you don’t HAVE to breathe the air, right?
I Hate Evans Hall
Students: we have to walk 10k steps uphill just to get to our classes. The AQI sensors here are reporting numbers over 200. Many Bay Area colleges with lower AQIs have gotten their classes cancelled... Cal: here, take a golf cart ride to your class then
Any masks on Amazon that will actually ship today or tomorrow?
Anyone have any spare masks?
I hope this website is very wrong for AQI
Berkeley Community College closed until further notice due to Air Particulate Index.
UCPD "Policing in the shadows"
Stop being a bunch of babies
Official hourly Air Quality Index table for all Bay Area Air Quality Management District sensors - see Berkeley Aquatic Park sensor
Back when Stanfurd’s big game week celebrations weren’t lame ... (Pisa, 1960)
We are approaching hazardous conditions according to actual sensors surrounding Berkeley campus. Classes need to be canceled.
We’re upset about the air quality. Our school is known for its protests... do the math
Anyone selling big game tickets?
CS61B Online Material
Nobody is forcing you to go to class
Let’s vent about ATHLETES dealing with this air quality
Wildfire Air Quality and PPE Infothread
Wildfire Air Quality and PPE (Mega)thread
Double Rant/PSA about face masks
Where is everyone checking Berkeley's AQI?
university of cops lacking aptitude
My thoughts on how Berkeley is handling things
My thoughts on how Berkeley is handling this air conditions
Why I believe that class should be canceled.
Air Quality Rant
Campus does not cancel classes although Air Quality Index remains below 200
Chancellor Christ said that the AQI should be at least 200 for classes to be cancelled. The AQI is 199 right now.
Thursday classes not to be cancelled -- Message from the chancellor on air quality
Yeet skeet we’re elite #beatstanford #thisisn’ttwitter
Burned out, advice
Custom banners
Need help with my options.
137A Study Group
Physics 137A Study Group
For comparison, here's the shitty state of Stanford's main library. Can't even hold a candle to Cal 😂👌👌
N-95 Masks?
AQI
Great. Berkeley makes national news again.
Stanford Co-op people looking to meet Berkeley co-op people!
Scheduling Dead Week?
Big game tickets?
Petition • Closing Campus due to PoorAir Quality-UC Berkeley
UC extends application deadline, waives fee for students affected by wildfires
Why is Berkeley building extravagant parking lots when the city is in a housing crisis? [Editorial]
UC Financial Aid Survey
Student Group STOLE MY IDEA
Big Game Tickets
What experience/knowledge should I have to get into a consulting club at Berkeley?
Easy Breadth Classes?
THIS IS BEAR TERRITORY
Quick World of Warcraft Survey
UC Berkeley Law will move to strip the name of Boalt Hall because of its racist taint
Basketball
How can I join acappella?
Taking Summer Breadths
fuck tree
Cal is ranked ahead of Stanford going into Big Game Week!!!
Is the tang center still giving out facemasks or have they run out?
50 Years Later, Former UC Berkeley Students Celebrate the Asian-American Movement They Began
Davis just canceled classes today due to air quality. The AQI here (156) is worse than there (126). What did we do to deserve this?
Can I talk to someone?
Essential CS upper divs for SWE?
They've finally discovered Stanfurdium
[Esports] UC Berkeley will be playing against UC Santa Cruz in Dota 2 and Ryerson University for League of Legends at 7 PM PST!
Will there be a bonfire at the Big Game Rally this year?
Anyone have issues with chalk dust?
Medical Withdrawal Process?
Saturday's Big Game Set For 4:30 PM Start - California Golden Bears
Fire erupts in front of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity in Berkeley
How to make friends at Berkeley as a sophomore?
So how bad is grade deflation here?
Study places during veterans day?
What’s left from the RV fire outside of Fiji (Source: DailyCal)
A Bago just exploded/caught fire outside of Fiji
Is Fiji on fire...?
A few transfer questions from an Arizona boy.
[BARBER] Edge vs La Petite?
anyone tryna play basketballl today?
YOUR CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE USC TROJANS, 15 - 14
[Football]Breaking the 14 year losing streak, your California Golden Bears have defeated the USC Trojans 15-14. Go Bears!
Uncultured Asian guy in need of haircut please help
The National Weather Service Has Issued a Red Flag Warning from Tonight at 10PM through 4PM Tomorrow
UC Berkeley engineering program waives fee for current students
What your favorite UC Berkeley library says about you
Who designed RSF?
Software Development and Programming Certificate
clothing storess
PSA: if you want to protect yourself from the smoke, you’ll need a particulate respirator and not just a surgical mask
Recent conservative report found that 46 percent of people worldwide, 3.4 billion people, struggle to meet basic needs.
Anyone know how to make music/beats?
Need help urgently on testing CS61B project Amazons - willing to pay(50$)
So it appears that we send our Mball to China to be humiliated by Yale??
Off Campus Housing, Piss from Ceiling
Much Needed Advice
UC Berkeley campus senator abstains from a vote. Now students want her out - SFChronicle.com
Sunset yesterday from the lab
A solution...
Please don't walk outside without a mask! The AQI has dropped from 231 to 345 in the past hour, and is only getting worse.
Band Maid VIP Ticket Available for The Chapel SF 11/10
Smoke filled air
This is what the sun looks like right now due to the smoke pollution. There is no editing or filter on this picture.
I noticed the room I was studying in Evans had turned slightly red; I went over to the window and took this pic.
The smoke over the campus right now is incredible
Reflections on my first semester at cal
WARNING The AQI is at 165 which is considered unhealthy. Get yourself a mask.
No nut November?!
Is campus open/safe?
Envision Haas
Need $20k fast
Advice for passing my physics class
Where to report cheating?
Advice for passing my physics class
UGBA 10, Math 1B, CS 61A, and EA Lang R1B in one semester?
How does the free/permanent edu email access work?
does any kind soul have the ucb specific math 54 textbook?
ICYMI: Mueller Protection Rapid Response today - Mayor Jesse Arreguín and State Senator Nancy Skinner speak at rally
Thoughts on recent ASUC Events
What should I do if I think there's mold in my apartment?
How to internship?
Video Games, Anime, and Film OSTs will be performed live by UC Berkeley students near campus. Come forth ye gamers, weebs, and geeks!
Public Health Major
Twenty One Pilots Concert
Leaked documentary shows AIPAC interference in UC Berkley student senate election with a smear campaign against Sumayya Din
Ticket for Band Maid at the Chapel in SF available for 11/10
Am I screwed?
Quick Question about grading at Berkeley
Berkeley Fire Department responding to fires in Oakland, Butte County
UC Berkeley Masters of Engineering programs waive fee for current students, alumni
UC Berkeley student dies after motorcycle accident in San Francisco
Is that smoke from the Chico fire?
Any experience with disciplinary probation?
Psych 24 uses madcap improvisational theater to teach about the science of the human mind. It just wrapped up its sixth semester and, fingers crossed, the course will be back in the spring – if a campus space for it can be found.
Consulting Clubs on Campus + CS Classes?
Condemning against people with different opinions makes us look terrible
EECS daddy
Unit 2 Double for Sale ($300 dollar discount UNIT 2- FIRST COME FIRST SERVE)
EECS DADDY
Will pay someone to help me with CS61B Amazons
Unit 2 Double for Sale ($300 dollar discount UNIT 2- FIRST COME FIRST SERVE)
Unit 2 Double for Sale ($300 dollar discount UNIT 2- FIRST COME FIRST SERVE)
Mueller Protection Rapid Response Protests - Thurs 11/08 at 5 PM
Will pay someone to help me with 61B Amazons
EECS Daddy
Best summer class in Berkeley?
Pol Sci 179 Final Study Guide
Is it possible to access the "extra" video lectures for CS61a? I do not have a piazza account.
Cheap and amazing monitors for sale: Dell U2415B 24"
Anyone here attending TAVtech?
Great Non-CS Upper Division Courses
Today I Learned that Tom Brady almost came to Cal. Former Browns coach said he tried to get him to come to Cal and thought he was successful.
Direct response to OP, a girl asking about how to get a FWB.
Berkeley Local Elections Results
How do we pursue science, health, arts, inclusivity, and sustainability as a systemic goal?
Science, arts, health, inclusuvity and sustainability are needed goals but how do we pursue them as students?
Physics 8A
Any "cool looking" people want to shoot photos for a lookbook?
Why are there only 2 lectures on the same days, only 1 minute apart, for Biology 1A &amp; Math 1A?
sadness
Testing Security in 53
Berkeley Global Internships v. UCEAP Global Internships
IEOR 160 Midterm 2
Diyas for Diwali
Has anyone every had Joseph Kellner for a class?
Data science for COE students
Humanities major here — what are some courses or activities I can take to understand programming / data science?
Anybody have an extra box of accutane
Anybody have an extra Box of Accutane?
When do 2019 classes start???
Don't Let A Massacre Like In Pittsburgh Happen Here! Remove Local Nazi Leader Patrick Little!
Does anyone learn better by reading the notes than listening to the lecture?
The Ultimate Guide To Food Based On Your Berkeley Polling Place -- VOTE TODAY!
Econ 138 or Econ 140?
Chances of getting in?
CS community college transfers
When you realize that your dream actually wasn’t what you wanted
is this grounds to go to HR?
asuc_irl
Pee leaking from ceiling
Hey bears! There's an election tomorrow! Here's how you can vote.
Midterm banter
Don't know how to vote? Answer these questions to find out what you support for elections tomorrow!
Haas OOS acceptance rate?
Vote tomorrow.
First round google SWE interview?
Santa Cruz Tickets
Looking to make animated music video
Queer Alliance Resource Center calls for resignation of ASUC Senator Isabella Chow
How the fuck am I supposed to change a discussion section/lab for a class I'm waitlisted for on CalCentral?
Simultaneous major changes?
Anyone down to hoop
Clubs/orgs to look for next semester?
The free stuff chat on campus.
Food near Campus [vegetarian]
anywhere on campus sells postage stamps?
Spring transfer, haven't heard from housing yet should I PANIC now or later?
Just submitted my app for junior transfer into engineering. Wish me luck!
My pregnant mom at gunpoint trying to get home - May 1969 Berkeley
Official ballot dropbox on campus, N of Sproul Hall (free if you’re voting in Alameda)
5 Reasons to Love Vitamins3
Does anyone really care eating organic and believing eating organic make you healthier?
Best way to get in touch with the CARE office?
Trying to find name of Gamestore that used to be near telegraph
Any election watching parties?
Does upper-div MCB get better?
Is there beer die at Berkeley?
Please don't personally attack Brandon McIlwain...
Cal fans when they see Brandon McIlwain sub in
[Football] Cal falls to Washington State 19-13. Darn it.
Spread this to help support #blacklivesmatter in the lead up to the midterms
Would jumping off the tenth floor of Evans Hall be enough to kill me?
How do I get a tutor?
Lots of ML classes
Importing the UCB Events calendar to personal BCal?
Should I retake SAT?
Mark Brilliant Opinions?
Freshman year I tried making an infographic on the buildings on campus at Berkeley. Hope you guys find it interesting!
When will it rain?
Almost 2000 more female undergrads than men at Cal. Is admissions doing anything to address this?
CS70 Curve to get an A (not A-)
CS70 Curve?
Anyone take a CS grad class as an undergrad?
I used Lightroom's auto perpective tool and created a huge, deformed (but perfectly vertical) campanile
Lost Cat - Southside Near Unit 1
Questions about CS 184
Can we visit CalHacks if we're not participating in it?
Is PE-1 Taekwondo worth it?
I-House and Co-Ops
Preview: Cal faces tough test vs. #8 Wazzu
Housing Questions
When do they announce the start time for the Big Game?
Do official UC Berkeley Transcripts include transferrable credits and classes taken at other institutions?
co-op parties!!
Sunset between the Golden Gate Bridge
Does anyone have that copypasta that has a bunch of references to Berkeley/college culture?
Accuweather shows record November Temp Berkeley 86F
Is it possible to get an A- in CS70 after getting average on both the midterms
Student Action announces disaffiliation with Senator Isabella Chow over anti-LGBTQ+ rhetoric
Berkeley inaugurates Division of Data Science and Information
Signing up for grad courses as undergrad?
Who to talk to regarding bad R1A instructor
Who are your favorite iconic figures around UC Berkeley?
Are DeCals available during the summer?
David Card, econ professor from Cal, in sworn testimony in the Harvard trial: "My assessment is that white students are stronger than Asian-American students on the observable factors" [ that inform those personal ratings.]
A possibly dumb question, but I wanted to know what ppl's experience with this Online Data science course has been.
Biochemistry
Taking Engineering 7, EE 16A, and Physics 7A?
Loli Police! Open up!
Loli Police! Open up!
A useless burning question
Poli Sci 179
Transfer Question: Best Way to get into UCB
Undergraduate Research: Do you like it?
I'm a Poli Sci grad. How do I get a tech job?
Berkeley Unified flooded with angry calls, threats over Felarca, records show
The best way to get organized for coursework
UC Berkeley Hackathon: Brave &amp; BAT Sponsor Cal Hacks 5.0, the World’s Largest Collegiate Hackathon (with prizes!)
Do seminars have finals?
PSA for EECS Majors that are geared towards CS!!!!
“We Need a New Economy That Works for the Many” An interview with Jovanka Beckles
Best place for video interview?
Anyone interested in selling hummus at the farmers' market on weekends?
Math 110 or EECS 127 or CS 189?
Took my first L today. How about you?
Which clubs here party?
Winter Break Programs?
I hate 2 step
What do people mean when they say "you can't do Cal alone?"
Any advice/knowledge about international students participating in a summer exchange at Berkeley?
How is Music 27 with Professor Mary Ann Smart?
How is Music 27 with Professor Mary Ann Smart
Anyone hear from the Mildred Jordan Sharp scholarship?
UC Berkeley once again ranked world’s No. 1 public, fourth-best overall university by US News
UC Berkeley once again ranked world’s No. 1 public, fourth-best overall university by US News
Great summary of the AD15 race from the Intercept
Whoever left your phone in Main Stacks Level C restroom stall.
What’s up with CogSci 1 enrollment?
High school eop
Stat w21 or 20?
chem 3a curved?
Incoming junior transfer for L&amp;S CS question about first semester workload.
grades and fin aid?
ASUC Circle Jerk
FBI: Florida Mail-Bomber may have considered Berkeley a target (advisory in comments)
#6 on waitlist for theater r1b. will I get in?
Switch to EECS but waitlisted for 61B
Enrolled late in a class. Would this affect my grade in attendance?
Am i going to get into CS61B
Existential Crisis 101
First Year with Sophomore Standing, and Enrollment
Will I get off the waitlist for Chem3AL?
Stat C8 open but not letting me enroll?
Why do classes have the numbers they have? like cs61A
Is MATH 53 worth taking?
What to do on Halloween? Appropriate Places to dress up?
Should I go to Grad School for Math?
How hard is it for a transfer student in Computer Science to get research experience ?
Anyone here currently taking Math 116? How do you like it?
R&amp;C A
EECS transfer questions
Help a lost intended cs kid :(
GWS100AC?
Shoutout to our favorite Juul boi Oski
Freshman Fall Semester
I’m on position 63 in the waitlist for econ 2. Do i still have a good chance to get in?
Lego Museum
Paid studies other than xlabs?
In Solidarity with Pittsburgh
Is Rhetoric R1B a heavy workload class?
Why is Cal central allowing me to enroll in more than 13.5 units in phase 1?
Halloween and nerf guns
Philz to close Shattuck location in North Berkeley Jan 13, 2019
Process for late dropping?
Engineering 7 with Raja Sengupta
where mcrib
Masters of social welfare program
Is there such a thing as double minors?
What Halloween event are you most excited about going to in Berkeley on the 31st?
How are you making this a great semester?
Professor Martha Olney sent out this email to her students today
football student section tickets to the big game are sold out
Building options?
EE130 - prerequisites necessary?
View from Memorial Stadium yesterday at the Game
Econ Transfer Question (Econ 100A/B)
Transfer
Classes that help you learn more about how to read people/behaviors?
Questions About AFX
Cal alumni, what major/majors did you graduate with and what are you doing now?
CS61B, EE16B, (Physics 7b or CS70) plus H/SS
Cal alumni, are you still virgins?
Alumni, are you still virgins?
City Council candidate Aidan Hill arrested on suspicion of disturbing the peace during a UC Berkeley class
What are ways to fulfill UC schools 2 semester art requirements. I have 1 semester. Is there anyway for me to take art classes online or during summer next year? I’m a hs senior.
How hard is it for a transfer student in Computer Science to get into research lab ?
HELP ME!
physics 7a midterm 2
Is the stereotype that people with perfect Gpa’s and high Sat’s get destroyed at Berkeley true?
California defeats #15 Washington; 10-12 - Game Recap
Looking for a calhacks team
[Football] Cal defeats #15 UW 12-10! GMFB
We beat Washington!
Hug vs Hilfinger
Live Music Spots?
Help me with my Linguistics project by filling out a two minute survey
Quick Survey about College Students' Mental and Physical Health
Anybody want super cheap tickets to Drake on Monday night?
How do you all cope with the competitiveness and general intensity of Berkeley?
English R1B with Kroener?
Least time-consuming way of filling a unit
Going from Math 16A to Math 1B?
Need a DJ in Berkeley 10/28?
Cal advice
Has anyone audited a class before?
How many genius gods do you know about at berkeley?
Whats a UC student gotta do to get to UC Berkeley's Math PHD program.
Negotiate work study job pay?
New research clinic opened in Los Altos, CA focused on integrating technology into clinical practice
Can Soph/Freshman still take Haas classes?
Songs about Berkeley / UC Berkeley?
Berkeley World of Tanks clan
Looking for recommendations (food)
Pick up street hockey
A flock of wild turkeys on campus today
CS61A is my only programming experience and I wanna apply for internship.
C.S. Lewis Onstage: The Most Reluctant Convert
Why are freshman discouraged from upper divs?
Graduate while under academic probation
I'm a spring admit. Can I appeal my housing assignment?
I wanna take EE16B, CS61B, CS70 and MUSC 52A next semester. Am I killing myself here?
Can I take genetics, biochemistry, and a/p classes as a EECS major?
Easy no-effort breadths like ESPM 6?
Wrestling partners? Cal Berkeley?
Anyone else in Econ C102? Anyone else think it's kind of a shitshow?
Anybody else?
Looking for a tenant laywer for Berkeley
Robbery at knifepoint in Oakland/Berkeley - missing gray backpack
Should I PNP my breadth class?
Is this a wise choice for a student seeking to declare as CS?
How helpful is Berkeley's name?
Math 53 or 54 over summer
Am I going to fail CS170?
CS 170 grades.. WILL I be okay?? :(
What to take with CS 70?
ESPM 50AC vs. ANTHRO 2AC?
Looking for a sociology tutor!
Looking for a sociology tutor!
tennis instructional videos
Sunset from the Big C Trail taken earlier today
Looking for a sociology tutor!!!
Suggestions about minor in cs as a cog sci major?
Who wants FREE stuff?
Who wants for FREE stuff?
Anyone have info on MCB 130 and MCB c114?
Laptop recommendations for CS?
Ranking of CS Upper Divs in terms of Difficulty
Then &amp; Now - Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from 1943 to 2018
Whomst’ve done this?
Recommendation; Men's barber/salon for long hair don't care
How do they handle waitlist in music 29?
Halloween events?
Waitlist and Phase 2
Superb Productions Podcast: Halloween Special
PSA: Please! Cover! Your! Mouth! When! You! Cough!
󤐼
Any psychologist that specializes in treating OCD?
The last few weeks and projects - go bears
EECS Course Advice
How am I supposed to find a CS job? I don't seem qualified for anything
How can I appreciate Crossroads food
As a CS major, can I use cs 70 to fulfill physical science breadth?
thank you! to the uc workers!
Can I P/NP Math1B and take it at a community college this summer instead?
cs schedule questions
Should I phase 1 Physics 8a?
Slut forever, by Rizza Estacio
Housing Cancellation Spring 2019 - HELP!
Housing Contract Cancellation - Spring 2019 HELP!
100A and 100B at the same time?
A Rare shoutout to the Daily Cal
Service orgs that recruit throughout the semester?
Dmitry Vaintrob for Math 113 in the spring
Anyone have experience buying condoms from the Tang Center?
Testing out of math 1a/1b for data science major prereqs?
Opinion: New homes in District 8 can fund affordable housing and bring in more tax revenue [cross posted on r/yimby]
If you want me to support your strike, don't ruin my morning
If you want me to support your strike, don't ruin my morning
Music 20A or 29?
Advice for stuff to do/ classes to take for my last semester ?
Tricky Situation With Letters of Rec
math 10a :(
Thoughts About Graduating Early (in 3 Years)
My classmate has gone missing. Please keep an eye out!
If you have a spare minute, please consider filling out my survey :)
Has anyone taken music 29? How was it?
Thoughts on Graduating in three years
If you have a spare minute, please consider filling out my survey :)
What is Gracepoint Church?
Lost Drivers License
Late-dropping Financial Aid
philosophy 12a
Any classes to late add? (1 unit)
3 UC Berkeley professors elected to National Academy of Medicine
small appreciation post for the people who helped me when i fell
Nathan Adrian announced as UC Berkeley’s 2018 winter commencement speaker
Psych Class
Eecs transfer: should I take 16b fall 2019 to avoid Sahai?
Will Prereqs be enforced for Math 1B?
Class Load as an Econ Transfer?
Question about Econ 101A
Electrical Engineers stand against the President, write to radical senator [1917]
4 year course path for VR interest?
What classes should I add on as an economics transfer
Taking too many classes P/NP per semester?
Easiests International Studies Breadth (either grade or P/NP)
Context behind DKE and goat memes???
University exercise behavior survey +gift card raffle
Why do art classes have a lot of hours every week?
Course recommendations for art breadth
If you lost $20 near Cesar Chavez today...
Me studying for midterms vs Question 1
difference between wealth and poverty c103 and L&amp;S 180U
Is Physics 7B webcast?
Classes involving applications to get into them
CS169: Is 61C actually needed to do well in this class?
Major Question
How is taking IEOR 165?
Cognitive Science Major Question
Uh, how do I get a transcript?
2nd Semester Schedule Manageable?
Which 2 upper div maths should I take?
EE126 Labs
[Football] Cal Defeats OSU 49-7! Go Bears!
French 1 difficulty
[GAME THREAD] California @ Oregon State
In bit of an enrollment dilemma
Where are the parties on Friday nights?
Where are the parties on Friday nights?
CS70, CS61B, and EE16B in spring 2019
UC Berkeley student dies after motorcycle accident on campus
IS IT JUST ME
Waitlisting a Discussion Section
Consequences of Pass/No Passing Humanities for CS/EECS, particularly for CS grad school?
Any issues to be aware of when not passing a class?
Prof Anant Sahai on Enrollment Frustrations
Berkeley art classes as a non-art major?
Hello, a prospective student here. Has anybody taken the course on Memes that was supposed to start this year? And who exactly is this Professor Meme Lord?
Any club, besides frats, that play beer die?
Bombed Chem Midterm— don’t know what to do next
Then and now: the UC Botanical Garden (1913)
People majoring in Applied Mathematics, what is it like to declare a cluster with your major?
Best places on campus during nighttime?
Smart idea to phase 2 classes I have priority in?
Webcasts for Solids with Prof. Amero?
Are prerequisites enforced for lower div math classes?
CS8 Enrollment
Dog lost on trails behind UC Berkeley, $5k reward
Late Dropping Class Help
Pass/No Pass Unit Limit?
Minimum amount of units/time spent here for readmission?
Astron C10 Labs
Join the Osu@Berkeley Discord! CLICK THE CIRCLES!!!
I want to get a primer on CS, ideally python. What classes should I look to if I can't get into Data 8?
New illustrated nature almanac series for the Bay Area! Here's the fall edition...
Failing Major Requirement in Last Semester
Do you guys study right after finishing an exam?
Transfer students, what do you think most contributed to your acceptance at UC Berkeley?
CS 47
Come Impact the earth and space at the NASA Hackathon in San Francisco
Looking for fellow Osu! players!
can i use ur library/wifi?
I hate AFX
Feeling kind of lost career wise
Corporative living?
Is it feasible to declare a Public Health and Psychology double major while taking various science lower-divs?
Things to do between now and application deadline? (Nov 30)
Cheapest grocery store for baking supplies? (Berkeley bowl, T Joe’s, or Safeway)
Going to fail a class. Should I NP or F?
How do you find qualified tutors?
Why are decals so bad
1st Semester at Cal; Advice on Late Dropping?
Anyone know what's up with CS/Physics 191?
Scream and sirens!?
When will prereqs for data 100 be enforced?
Taking Data 8 with Conflict?
Where can I look for Off-Campus housing?
History 137ac
Coding screen example
Why do libraries open so late¿?
power through 15 units or apply for reduced course load?? details below
Why do people take courses from the CS 9 series?
CS Course Load question
a short survey about intern
Connor McGregor v Cupcakke (ASUC Superb Podcast S02)
Time-Management Techniques
Best Break Up Restaurants
do math quiz grades matter
who did this
ESPM 177A?
CS Appeal Letter of Rec
Anyone in History 124A?
Does anyone want to go see "The Obligation" with me on 10/25?
Has anyone taken any of the CS 9 classes?
Best EE Upper Divs To take
When did math become fun for you?
CS 61B workload compared to CS 61A
Long shot, but just got my bike stolen
Lost my wallet, any food places on or near campus that take venmo?
CS C100 without taking Data 8?
Robert Rhew, Berkeley Faculty - I’m an Asian-American Harvard Alumnus. Affirmative Action Works.
View from Blackwell Hall study lounge. Go Bears 🐻
Are you fluent in Mandarin and English? 你会说中文吗？
UC Berkeley's Greek community perpetuates sexual violence
Is there anybody here using a Moped as their main form of transportation and living more than a mile from campus? I'm considering it but I have a few questions....
Can someone please give me advice on whether I should go ahead the breadth class or not? (details inside)
Has anyone on here actually gotten into LS CS under the GPA requirement using the personal statement?
will i be put on enrollment hold?
Enrolling in Upper Divs without being in the major
Residence Hall Room Inspection this week?
Berkeley Engineering Worth it?
Applied Math Major interested in Physics 137A
Applied Math Major interested in taking Physics 137a
How is social life and culture at Berkeley?
Parking at Gilman street?
Emotional Service Animals on Campus
Any tips for a first-time Cal-Hacks participant?
Cs course planning.
Kip's Trivia tomorrow at 8!
Non - Cal follower of UCBMFET here, what is with these DKE goat posts?
What does it mean when a class description says "Consent of department required for enrollment"
Grade Option Change Issue
Any fellow Celtics fans down to get some sliver and catch the game tomorrow at 5?
Is it just me or are Co-ops a complete ripoff?
So a girl in my polisci lecture heard us talking about the office
Best History and best philosophy professors at Cal
Any Berkeley esk8ers wanna get together for a joy ride sometime?
CS170, CS188, and CS162 Spring 2018
Do i have to phase 1 anthro 2ac?
Stat w21?
Suggestions on an easy upper division course
Fastest upload speed on campus?
Class reserved for Econ major?
Essay vs. GPA for sophomore transfers
CalCentral is hiring a ux design assistant
Civil Engineering Career Fair
Has anyone experienced hair loss while shampooing in the dorms?
Transfer
Applying for graduate school civil engineering
applying for graduate school for civil engineering
When to start looking for housing for fall 2019?
Chem130B vs. Physics 177
Cal Fiji mocking victims of sexual assault as they protest in front of their frat.
CS61 A and Math 54 Combo over the Summer
The best way to get organized for coursework
Berkeley fog time lapse video?
Am I the only one annoyed that these were thrown all over the floor in front of my door
Anyone taken CYPLAN 119?
Good place to film with access to piano?
how much easier is it to get into top UCs like UCB and UCLA from community college than from high school. is it unfair?
Community College Transfer
Where is the best place to take a shower on campus.
Cal’s bowl chances look slim after 37-7 loss to UCLA
Psychology Major Switch?
should i take cs 70
Inside The Red Pyramid of King Snefreu in Dahshur
Room transfer?
If you were the "I" in the group of people with "Beat the Bruins" written on their chests, I want to marry you.
Is Data 8 and CS 70 in the same semester too much??
The student section was on fire today. Go bears!
Cal falls to UCLA. 37-7.
looking for bio related calhack team
Challenge Labs (IEOR 185)?
Game Live Thread---UCLA vs Cal
Subsidized Loan Processing
Has anyone ever actually managed to get Kiwi to deliver?
Econ 100 A and B vs. UGBA 101 A and B. Which one is better?
MCB/IB Schedule Planning + Withdrawing
Im just curious. Can ur instructors see who posted as ‘anonymous to classmates’?
How are Data 8 exams graded?
Question About Math 104
Playing Maplestory 2 and suddenly...
What's the Girth of the Campanile?
Advice for application for 5th year masters
Cheating - how common is it?
Need help w 61B project (will pay)
Room to practice singing in
CalCentral is Hiring a UX Design Assistant
Help this desperate kid with EE16 electric circuits
late drop?
Berkeley BART plaza set to reopen October 18th– months late
The politics of sex and image in ASUC elections
From UC Berkeley to Burning Man: Meet Alireza Lahijanian, the engineering graduate behind the giant sculptures
CalCentral Hiring a UX Design Assistant
Chem 3A/AL spring or fall?
How hard is math 110 compared to ee16b or other cs lower divs
Does anyone here volunteer at Alta Bates medical center? If so, do they drug test?
Late dropping a class as a non-graduating senior under the unit cap
CS 160 during Spring or Fall?
Debating between Linear Algebra classes: Math 54 or Stat 89A?
Korean 1A workload?
Will I die if I take Math 104 without 53?
Bears who were granted an extra semester after petitioning, what was your reason/excuse?
dear Bears who were granted an extra semester after petitioning, what was your reason/excuse?
Which Math 53 professor for spring 2019?
Does Berkeley lab enforce can't take classes while doing Workforce development program?
Filmmaking Clubs/Decals?
On entering a classroom before the last one exits
Looking for Cal students to help stop student-teacher relationships
Does calhacks have workshops during the event?
CS61A: how sensitive is the plagiarism software?
Moving to town: safety of south berkeley/ashby bart
To the three idiots who graffiti'ed on a YMCA poster in Dwinelle.
Transfer from private uni to Cal?
What’s the deal with Gordo,s in Telegraph
THANK YOU everyone for such a wonderful AMA!!! You were all amazing as so were your questions. Chancellor Christ is going to try and come back tomorrow to answer the remaining questions!
Museum of Ship of King Khufu at Giza Plateau.
psych 167ac tips!
Chancellor Christ is online RIGHT NOW and answering questions. Click this link to go to the AMA.
UCPD receives report of indecent exposure
Spring Transfer Housing
Does anyone know why Chick ‘N Rice opened then closed?
Easy tech electives?
Conflicted on EE16A
From Los Angeles but registered to vote in Alameda County; where do I get informed about local politics?
How can anyone focus on academia with hundred year storms occurring bimonthly.
The Chancellor is answering questions TODAY at 3pm! Make your way to the sticky AMA thread and get your questions in!
The Chancellor is answering questions TODAY at 3pm! Make your make to the sticky AMA thread and get your questions in!
Has anyone taken Polsci 126A: International Political Economy in the past?
How much do you study?
Please help me out with a super quick survey!
PhysEd for S19
Any amazing breadths?
Any old bears that went to do an masters/phd outside the U.S.
Recommended CS Courses?
Math 1B + CS 61A + Math 55?
Math 1B + CS 61A + Math 55
Bio 1AL Curve
The Unearthed Pieces of Massive Statue of King Psamtik I in The Last Year
CS61B or CS70 next semester?
Berkeley Whole Foods store obtains restraining order against vegan activists
Tuition breakdown
How is ee16b compared to ee16a?
if you’ve ever seen the DxE people on campus, you’ll know this is good news...
Berkeley police non-emergency line switches to automated routing system
Any one in Bio 1A and Bio 1AL
Anyone has an experience of taking ee16a, cs 61b, cs70, and a breadth in the same semester?
BERKELEY FRATERNITY RANKINGS 2018
Why is the I School not offering any classes next semester?
People who withdrew/transferred, do you regret it? Do you think you're in a better spot now?
Is Data 8 offered in the Spring?
Former Professor Paul Romer, winner of the 2018 Nobel Prize in Economics, wants to know if he can finally use Berkeley’s Nobel Laureate parking spaces.
I'm a student at a coding bootcamp and Berkeley alumni. Can I go to career fairs seeking a software eng internship?
fuck sproul
has anyone taken slavic 100? would / wouldn't you recommend it?
got caught smoking on the fire escape
Berkeley Whole Foods store obtains restraining order against vegan activists
Former Berkeley professor Paul Romer wins Nobel Prize in Economics
Hackathon question
Graduate Student Solves Quantum Verification Problem. [Urmila Mahadev, UC Berkeley PhD student in theoretical computer science]
food delivery in Berkeley
food delivery in Berkeley
I am Carol Christ, chancellor of UC Berkeley. Ask me anything!
Chancellor Carol Christ's AMA is coming up in 2 days. Here are the rules and guidelines I'm enacting in order to ensure a successful AMA.
Transferring to UC school without 60 units?
Best napping spots on campus?
SpaceX Falcon 9 launch from Northside
Anyone have any experience with LiveRamp?
Всяк кюре за свой приход молится.
Бедность не порок
Nightclubs London | Vip table booking &amp; guestlist in London
What's with the Indians?
Changing what breadth requirement a class is used for?
How essential is CS 70 for Info 159?
We are a team working on a more useful and streamlined application for UC Berkeley resources. We'd appreciate feedback on what features you'd like to see included!
What’s CalHacks acceptance rate? Is it easy to get into?
what was that in the sky just now ??
Parking Situation With an S Permit on Campus
How is Data 8 already closed for enrollment on CalCentral?
Does anyone know bad withdrawing for an entire semester would look to graduate/professional schools?
Pro-life groups on campus?
Career fairs worth skipping class for?
Feeling lost, seeking advice/resources
How much do you spend on food expenses?
Prospective junior transfer in engineering hoping for some perspective
EE16A Grading: I'm Confused
GPA covnersion? Letters &amp; Sciences: 91%
Was binge watching The Man in the High Castle and Noticed This.
How is the psychology major at Berkeley?
[Football] Cal loses to Arizona 24-17.
Cal football has made me lose the will to live
What are stored that donate to student orgs?
First CS upperdivs?
Anyone know where I can watch the McGregor Khabib fight tonight?
Free $25 Amazon gift card!
Free $25 Amazon gift card!
Canary Mission, a pro-Israel blacklist, received donation from charity headed by UC Berkeley Board of Visitors member
40 Berkeley Law professors sign letter to Senate opposing Kavanaugh’s confirmation
What are your plans after graduation?
A prospective transfer CS student wondering what the transition is like?
Math 54 to EE16B
Has anyone else seen these behind Memorial Stadium? What species is this?
Any place near campus or around Berkeley where I can run uphill outdoors?
Econ 1 Grading?
Can an average student in CS 61A still get into tech as a programmer?
Summer Housing and Beyond
Oct. 1st, 1964: Police arrest a student while he was tabling for a political cause on Sproul, inciting a protest around the patrol car. Mario Savio stands atop it to speak, sparking the Free Speech Movement.
Stat w21 ... how bad is it?
Minoring in physics
Will I get kicked out of a class' Piazza page if I drop the class?
What’s with these kids at Cal?
Anyone want to fill out a very quick for for a decal project?
*PHOTOS* KAVANAUGH DKE PROTEST AT UC BERKELEY 10/4/18
I hope this isn't spammy
Will I pass 61B?
Any electric sk8ers wanna ride this weekend?
Does anybody want to help me with market research for a decal?
When people ask which UC I go to:
Is there really a Pokémon class in Berkeley?
Is there really a Pokémon class in Berkeley?
Carol Christ, Chancellor of UC Berkeley, is doing an AMA this coming Wednesday on October 10th, 3:00 PM. Mark it down on your calendars and make sure you show up to ask her anything!
Spammy Wild App
Math 1A and then Math 16B?
Any Bears headed to Japan soon?
Alumni Networking and Mentorship
Anyone want to lead or provide general guidance for an iOS app? Chancellor Carol Christ loves our project and we're sorely lacking iOS experience!
Berkeley police investigate death at Shattuck Avenue and Dwight Way
UC Berkeley researchers disprove idea that dark matter is mostly black holes
Former Colombian presidential candidate Sergio Fajardo speaks at UC Berkeley
"I soon realized that totally assimilating meant apologizing for and rejecting my un-American past. It was challenging just to exist in this new reality — so many cultural, political and social norms that I held close were novel and unsettling for my American peers."
Biplane doing loopety-loops over Berkeley for the last half hour... or spraying?
Are review sessions hosted by SLC (Student Learning Center) any good?
Question about L&amp;S Late Drop
Easy 4 Unit Electives (Spring 2019)
Survey for class!
How an industry helps Chinese students cheat their way into and through U.S. colleges
Berkeley High students say ‘Stop Kavanaugh’ in somber video
Anthro 3AC Midterm Study Group
Chemistry 120A Help and Midterm Results
How do I become a peer advisor?
Physics 137A/B without prereqs
Physics 5a cheat sheet
Does anyone know why there is always a weird smell near Unit 3 Spens-Black?
To engineering majors that found a girlfriend: how?
Berkeley alum Dr. Frances Arnold wins 2018 Nobel Prize in Chemistry!
Withdrawing Experiences
Are review sessions hosted by the Student Learning Center (SLC) worth it?
Former Top Dog employee arrested for allegedly beating people at the August 2017 Charlottesville Virginia riot
History 103D
Fraternity Rankings at UC Berkeley
psych 167ac midterm
Where/how can I learn to manage time?
Any late add classes this late in the semester?
Explain the late drop system to me
What do I do right now in terms of summer recruiting as a computer science major? (about to declare)
Looking for a CS61B tutor
Withdrawal Aftermath
Two Improv Shows This Friday
CS61B + EE16B + CS189 + Psych C61?
Work begins (really!) at Haste, Telegraph for UC Berkeley grad student dorm
The architect behind The Campanile originally considered having apartments inside the tower (John Howard, 1903)
Math 103 &amp; 170
23 Female looking for either a shared room or entire room near downtown Berkeley
How to be less hard on myself
Student football tickets
Good History Breadth Courses
wealth and poverty as a freshman phase 1?
how do phase 1 and 2 work?
Math 104, Math 128A, and CS 61C
Advice on taking COGSCI C126?
Update: Judge certifies class status for homeless people in suit against Berkeley
Feeling pretty down about the CS professors I'm on track to have (Garcia for 61A, Hilfinger for 61B..)
In deep, maybe drowning
Has anyone taken Math 136 here?
Does getting a B+ in all CS61A, CS61B, and CS70 translate into a 3.3 GPA for L&amp;S CS declaration?
TIL that Berkeley is the 2nd university in the world to produce Academy Award winners!
Does a getting a B+ in all CS61A, CS61B, and CS70 translate into a 3.3 GPA for L&amp;S CS declaration?
Does getting a B+ in all CS61A, CS61B, and CS70 translate into a 3.3 GPA for declaring L&amp;S?
Getting Through Slumps
Comp bio advising?
CoC t-shirt?
How bad would it be to NP a decal?
Math 54 vs. EE 16A for EE 16B
Why are dining hall meal plans so expensive?
Former Berkeley Professor Wins Nobel Prize for Research Conducted at Berkeley
Looking to meet new people
Looking to meet people on campus
What time did everybody get for their class enrollment?
Experiences with Art 8?
IB Diploma?
Biology 1B + Academic Performance Overall
What are good ways to make friends with people from your major?
anyone taken pubpol c103 (wealth and poverty) with robert reich?
I still need to meet the Entry Level Writing Requirement? Who are the easier or more manageable professors for College Writing R1A?
Can i enroll in cs170 if I'm about to declare at the end of this semester?
Can I take Math 1B at a CC over the summer as a Bioengineering major?
How much are summer subleases at Berkeley?
What should I consider before withdrawing from the semester?
Has anyone taken art 13? How was it?
For Spring 2019 graduates, are we allowed to take more class during summer and Fall 2019?
do graduate courses grades affect my undergrad gpa? anyone who did this?
Engineering Transer
Good enrollment time for registering for next semesters classes
Any good place to get a massage?
Kavanaugh Hearings, Sexual Assault, Frats, and Parties
Justin and Ross at the Cal Game today!(Justin is behind the first blonde haired guy and Ross is behind Justin in the baseball cap)
Cal loses to Oregon 42-24
Chem 3A Review Session
Enrollment times are up and class schedule is coming tomorrow!
To what extent does Berkeley consider Gpa upward trend.
How to self-study on Math 54??
Sethian 53 spread
MS vs PhD in EECS
I'm looking at Measure O and P
Xfinity on Campus and HBO
Where can I buy a pull up bar for my dorm (other than online via Amazon)?
Why is the undergraduate curriculum approach between EE and ME so different?
Is PUBPOL C103 Wealth &amp; Poverty Still Being Offered?
Have any of you created your own philosophy of life?
How to get a fake diploma for display?
Forbes 30 under 30 Millionaire Chris Kelsey claims "Earth Began August 21, 2001"
Anyone else hear gunshots just now around Ashby Bart? 11:25am
Anyone else overwhelmed by senior recruiting season?
I have zero idea how to study for the IEOR 160 midterm
Had the chance to tour Berkeley as a high school senior today; I love this campus!
In honor of tomorrow's game, here's a throwback to one of the best gameday shirts ever
Cal Bears football game ticket quick question
I’m a senior in high school that had the chance to tour Berkeley today; it’s an absolutely gorgeous campus!
ATTENTION ALL DANCERS &amp; K-POP ENTHUSIASTS!
Cal Hacks 5.0 Applications + Q&amp;A Thread
how to use music rooms? want to record a song
"I have a rule that I only send nudes over Snapchat. The fact that the photos disappear — and that you’re notified when the receiver takes a screenshot — makes Snapchat the ideal medium. It offers a thin layer of safety, but safety nonetheless."
UCPD arrests suspect near North Gate Hall for multiple outstanding warrants
UCPD arrests suspect near North Gate Hall for multiple outstanding warrants
TIL: Bill &amp; Hillary Clinton lived in Southside Berkeley in the summer of 1971.
Lost jacket in Leconte
AFSCME, the UC's largest employee union, is voting on whether or not to strike for the second time this year. The strike, should they vote yes, will occur Oct. 9-10.
What are some of your favorite sounds on campus?
Spotify, meet your competition: UC Berkeley student Juliette Mekikian and TREBEL Music
"On one screen, a group of refugees landed on the Greek coast under a gray sky...On another, smaller screen, I opened Snapchat and took a photo of my penis."
UCPD arrests suspect near North Gate Hall for multiple outstanding warrants
"When I came across Ford’s name, I immediately called my parents. After all, this couldn’t be the same Christine Blasey who we had gotten dinner with just months prior. Simply known as Christine to me, she was the mother of my brother’s close friend and basketball teammate."
Studying and Practice for Data 8?
I failed my Math 53 midterm. What do I do to make sure I don't fail a midterm again?
What’s a “small thing” that you absolutely love about Berkeley?
Roll forward clock on bCourses to see locked documents?
106a Exam
Data 8 and 61B in the same semester?
Roll the clock forward in bCourses to access locked documents?
Is there a unit limit to declare Poli Econ?
Parking Ticket in Berkeley
I WILL WRITE YOUR ESSAYS OR DO YOUR MATH HOMEWORK
Neighbors rally against planned beach volleyball courts on UC Berkeley’s Clark Kerr campus
EE16A Discord Server
Anyway to reserve Haas study rooms w/o being a Haas student?
Taking a gap decade
UC Berkeley releases sexual harassment and violence survey results
Public Health or Microbial Biology
Using Proctor U for Midterm
16A discord group
In need of a native Spanish speaker to interview
3 UC Berkeley graduate students named finalists in inventors competition
Study abroad as a math or CS major
Lying about medical history to get into xlab study?
Parking ticket not posted on City of Berkeley website
Of this year’s 96 international Siebel Scholars, 8 of them are graduate students at Berkeley.
[Request] Fan-art of Oskiette - Oski bear wearing Princess Peach's crown.
OW with some fellow Golden Bears!
What is ignacio chapela's email and who are the GSIs for ESPM 6
Failed CS 70 Midterm 1
Recreational Sports Facility universal, gender-inclusive, locker room opens to the public
"I found myself in a rather unconventional place — the Berkeley College Republicans, or BCR, election viewing party."
Oakland and Berkeley Homeless Sweeps May be Unconstitutional
How important is succeeding in CS 70 in terms of doing well in CS 170?
Where can I find the arts community here?
Where exactly are these elusive nap pods??
The discovery of a huge archaeological building in Egypt
Why do lights get brighter in Moffitt around 2 am?
15 Dark And Disturbing Pictures From Inside An American Frat House NSFW
Best elective to take along with MCB 104
UC Berkeley Summer Courses + Summer Internship in Santa Clara - Palo Alto
The Daily Cal needs to stop letting such hateful people write articles on their website. It is purely toxic rhetoric that only serves to polarize our community and students.
Save money on food! A new app that helps students find dozens of food &amp; drink deals around Berkeley!
Berkeley Law Dean Erwin Chemerinsky is conducting an AMA at 5:30 PT
When are the rsf basketball courts least crowded?
5th year masters program if graduating early?
3 on AP Lang - Potential Transfer Student
Whole Foods Takes Legal Action Against Berkeley Animal Rights Group
$300/month to sleep on your dorm room/apartment floor
$300/month to sleep on your dorm room/apartment floor or spare room.
Stupid Question... As a senior can we still take easy-A classes before we hit 120 units?
When are rsf basketball courts not crowded?
PSA Don't use cable locks on Bicycles. Always get a quality U lock.
Temporary homeless shelter to close Sunday, no permanent location decided yet
Former ASUC AAVP candidate Rizza Estacio is the Daily Cal's newest 'Sex on Tuesday' columnist
Cal Dining employee claims substance in Crossroads' salad bar vents was not mold
UC Berkeley student and former ICE detainee Luis Mora receives US work authorization
Anyone want to buy Childish Gambino tickets?
Is work-study considered working for government/ government agency?
Getting Into Upper Div Psych Courses
MATH10A Midterm :(
Moving to Berkeley
Radical Vegans hit w/ Restraining Order By Whole Foods in Berkeley
Lead sorting &amp;#8211; a lead qualification process &amp;#8211; Assets Make You Money&amp;#8230; And Save You
How to Obtain Adderall?
AM I CLASS OF 2021 OR 2022
Last Semester Senior Minimum Units
Best electric skateboard routes to get across campus?
Visiting and craving dumplings: where is the best spot in Berkeley?
Hey transfers: pick up a copy of today’s Daily Cal!
Does Tang Center do more specialized blood test?
'Rejection is kind of the norm:' ASUC aims to combat lack of transfer student representation
'A stronger person': 1st-generation students make up nearly 50 percent of transfer class of 2020
Has anyone transferred from CCC??
Does anybody really understand CS70
Any cafe recommendations for studying?
Cecilia Vicuña at BAMPFA
Is it really all that unsafe to use Adderall, and how precisely does it help you academically?
Closest parking to Greek Theater tomorrow?
Free printing on campus?
Does anyone have any protips for living in Moffitt?
Survey Help needed
Boba and Midterm Coping Suggestions
Pick Up Soccer
besides cooking, which restarant is the most efficient in terms of # food per dollar?
Campanile Way no longer local landmark, Berkeley City Council decides
The Golden Bears Make an Apperance in the Top 25 Ap Polls @ #24
$300/month to sleep on your dorm/apartment floor
Memorial Stadium Gym
You should turn out for the football game this week against Oregon
Want to talk to any current Math majors/recent grads
Hhh
Pick up soccer
How's the pick up basketball scene at Berkeley?
Mexican restaurant Sol y Luna Taqueria on Shattuck Avenue closes for business
How's the pick up basketball scene at UC Berkeley?
Since midterm season started...
Lost wallet in RSF
Any Rams fan wanna watch the game tomorrow?
Prospective transfer student here. Honestly, how difficult is it to get a 3.9-4.0 at Berkeley in political science? Law School is my goal (Harvard, SLS).
Looking for interview prep buddies
places to buy liquor around unit 2?
Lost/Found Puma
Joining a frat as an exchange student?
PSA: Mountain Lion Sighting Near Cal Stadium
California Memorial Stadium, Berkeley, United States of America | Sports venue
Where can I get unprescribed Adderall and is it worth?
Graduated
Scared shitless because missed deadline to declare for Economics
Where do you get coins for laundry?
Is Berkeley really a terrible school to learn soft skills? Are Cal students really that socially inept?
NorCal Rapist suspect is a 58-year-old safety specialist at UC Berkeley
Doe Library being constructed during the “Hearst Plan” (1909)
UC Berkeley employee arrested on suspicion of being 'NorCal Rapist'
where can I buy a physical copy of the San Francisco Chronicle?
What’s your dream job?
Reserved rooms in main stacks
Major in Economics or Environmental Economics and Policy?
MCB upper division courses as a UCEAP reciprocal exchange student?
I’d like to transfer to Berkeley from a CC for Business. Anyone here done this?
How to study for 61B with Hilfinger?
chem midterm results
Does anyone know a cheap place to print notes/assignments
Engineering Math &amp; Statistics
Engineering Math &amp; Statistics
Math 53 Study Guide/ Midterms
Where to purchase Candy Buttons?
Is Berkeley A Safe Place For Black Students?
Progressive Student Association releases endorsements for City Council
STAT 20 Midterm Topics/Resources?
Not sure if I should drop a class or be part of a club
Double major in Econ and EEP?
math 10a stankova midterm
Photos of some guy stealing my bike tires. Welcome to Berkeley :|
CS 70 tips?
How competitive is Berkeley business?
Need 2 units
Keeping class from another UC off my transcript?
Deaf doctoral candidate files complaint against UC Berkeley, citing discrimination
UC Berkeley law student Brian Lewinstein dies at 23, remembered for dedication to social justice
Cafe Milano's new sign...
The stupid scooters have arrived
Hey, My Handsome King. I'm Your queen. I'm Nata. Let's Go to The wonderful kingdom of SEX.
Cal 1 Card RFID reading
Emails reveal Berkeley Police doxxed antifascists and celebrated retweets
Cal Alumni, how much are you making now?
Cheap Haircut
How well do Berkeley's CS classes prepare one for a job or internship in the industry?
Hi! I'm casting for some Bay Area theorists, investigators and scientists for a new TV show. Know anybody who might be a fit?
Recommendation letters from professors
Changing Majors as a Transfer?
any ucb students working as bike messengers?
Anyone really good with photoshop + has experience designing posters? DM me. Will pay $150 - $250 for gig.
How’s midterm season going for y’all?
chem 1a midterm
Berkeley more like Berk-lit-y am I right
What do you use to keep track of the amount of time you spend on things?
Placing out of/Skipping lower division requirements for a double major?
Gordo Taqueria closes Telegraph Avenue location Saturday
When does the spring class schedule usually come out?
Spring 2019 Schedule of Classes
Best Place for a Haircut
Berkeley 6th of all universities to have alumni receive startup funding (TechCrunch)
Graduating a semester early. Any cool things I should do in that extra semester?
So I found out I can graduate a semester early.
When does the spring class schedule usually come out?
Did you attend signatory orientation? I have questions
Freaking out about CS61B
If I find someone who wants to take my on-campus apartment (CB), would my cancellation form be likely to be approved?
UC Berkeley professor retires, threatens to file lawsuit against university, over sex harassment allegations
LMi Phiber release?
Help this desperate EE16A kid
What should I do if I fear that being severely depressed will start to affect my academic/midterm performance?
UC Berkeley professor suspended for sex harassment decides to retire
Guitar teachers in Berkeley?
Who is funding the Buffy Wicks campaign? (It isn't pretty)
Who is funding the Buffy Wicks campaign? (It isn't pretty)
“If we’re not supposed to dance, why all this music?” — Telegraph, 1960s
Whats the easiest way to mail a letter from campus?
UC Berkeley Defeats $23M Yiannopoulos Riot Suit
Best ramen in Berkeley // the Bay Area?
Cooking Tips?
Antidepressants and Counseling
Grading in Data 8
What're some of the LGBT student orgs on campus?
Am I the only one who’s actually really annoyed and depressed because of Berkeley’s social media and meme culture?
Bio classes
BSCF - Unleashing the Invincible You in Tech 'n Entrepreneurship (Promo code inside!)
Legit opportunity for all CS, Engineering, or Music Theory students
BSCF forum----Come Round！
Readings necessary for ne stud 18?
best physics study abroad program
Good places to do partner projects on campus?
UC Berkeley law student’s body found at bottom of Oregon waterfall
Canadian Students interning in the area looking for any socials, clubs and events to join!
What are those bomb like noises near memorial stadium right now? Just heard two in the past 5 min
For those of you who've met your SO at Cal, where and when did you meet them?
Did anyone hear that loud drone like noise last night around midnight?
Darren Rovell Calls us out
[Football] Cal defeats Idaho State 45-23 to advance to 3-0. Go Bears!
Question about getting tickets for the Big Game
Can someone help me with my plan
Impact of minimum wage increase to work study
Shot at Berkeley?
Question For Transfer Students
Beautiful skies
My floormates got caught drinking under the age of 21 in their dorms- it's their first time being written up by the RA. what usually happens afterwards?
Dining hall hacks?
TIL that a UCPD officer complained about not being able to use the bathrooms in MLK during last year's 'Free Speech Week'
What happened with the SLC science programs?
Willard Park found needles, pills
Berkeley police posted activists' mugshots on Twitter and celebrated retweets, emails reveal. City has an explicit policy of targeting protesters with mugshot tweets to ‘help create a counter-narrative’.
Inside look into Gameday | Cal vs. UNC
Should I switch lab sections?
Help with Cal Grant Aid
170 Answers from Spring 2018
Anyone know where I can watch the canelo vs. ggg boxing fight tomorrow?
Getting on campus interviews
Dan Patrick is wearing a Cal shirt on his show today. You can watch live on Comcast channel 723 NBCSN until 9am.
The oldest ruler in the world
I hate applying to clubs at berkeley... so I need an alternative
Smelly garbage bins downtown 24/7
Smelly garbage bins downtown 24/7
Volunteer at the Golden Village Family Conference!
Are there any southeast asian studies Transfers here ?
Shoutout to SUPERB for all the dope events so far this semester!
Biology 1B Midterms
Places to study in Cory Hall?
Best hair salons for curly hair?
Running Partner
Becoming a TA/uGSI for Data 8
Barracks Road, Charlottesville, VA
Experience with Early Childhood Education Program?
Things to do in Richmond?
Asian advocacy group blasts UC Berkeley’s plan for Hispanic ‘racial quotas’
Visiting from out of town, what is there to eat in Berkeley?
Work Piling Up, Feeling Lost and Hopeless
When you find out Cal is now the #2 Public University
Does anyone play spike ball on campus?
Absolute latest to pay tuition?
Haas Undergraduate Program ties for #2 in US News
Confused about the 61a midterm 1 "curves"
TIL that one of the four men who stopped the hijacking of Flight 93 on 9/11 was a Berkeley grad.
Fell asleep right before turning in a paper, need some advice on how to proceed
Looking for a CS61B tutor, anybody have suggestions?
Student struck by UC Berkeley shuttle on Hearst Avenue
Man struck by UC Berkeley lab shuttle on Hearst Avenue
Just failed CS61A first midterm....
Cs61a
CS61A Advice
CS 61A midterm
Anyone need a member for their intermural team?
Waitlist
FRIENDSHIP ENDED
Just got rejected from my main major-related club. Any relaxed clubs you guys know about.
Just got rejected from my main major-related club. Anyone know any good clubs?
Physics Study Abroad
How to get video lectures for CS70?
How much do you pay for wifi? I feel like comcast is ripping me off
Difficult time focusing with Constitutional crisis, severe climate events...
September 17, 2001 - 12,000 Berkeley students, faculty, and staff gather to honor the victims of September 11th. We’ll never forget.
Committee recommends removal of Boalt name from campus building
I want all the stickers...?
What one unit class can I add right now before the drop/add deadline tomorrow?
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be
Muslim student said she felt 'burdened and invalidated' in UC Berkeley religions course
Resigning from URAP project after signing contract
UCLA beats out Cal in latest U.S. News &amp; World rankings :/
Lost Cal 1 Card
Add Fee for getting added from the waitlist?
How to become a communist?
UCLA #1, Cal #2. Liberals, are you happy NOW?
Is Jonathan Haidt calling out Jordan Peterson
Why I love Berkeley, and why I’m happy for California’s public universities
People who live in University Village (West Apartments), how bad was the train noise?
Good CS courses for non-majors with no experience?
How can I study for CS70 Midterm 1?
U.S. appeals court upholds MIT, Harvard patents on CRISPR gene editing
where can i buy a magsafe 2 charger ?
Logistically, how difficult would it be to have sex in main stacks?
What's would be a efficient cost way to travel/explore Berkeley? A different method to travel?
Illegal racing on the Bay Bridge. Maybe a tech savy person can help make out the plate numbers for the proper authorities? Please help report these people, these are not safe conditions for any road or bridge! Save it for the track!
Effects of not being #1 Public University
Clubs for people who like cats?
How long does it take to switch rooms in freshman dorms?
Fuck UCLA
Berkeley is ranked #22 in US NEWS while UCLA is #19. We are not the #1 public university in the world anymore
Fruits and vegetables
UC Berkeley ranked #2 Public University by US News and World Report 2019. (UCLA #1 RIP)
Egg donor wanted, $50,000 and up compensation
The Problem with White People
Club rejection
Stress - Need Advice On Where To Seek Help
Access to Computers for Visitors
Club recruitment absolutely blows
Hey Berkeley! What Time Is It? :P
Fuck this stupid-ass unit cap increase bullshit
cal v stanford tickets
Your local pretty girls want to get fuck !-----rd6ETWtf
Your local pretty girls want to get fuck !-----XnxeIr2r
The California Golden Bears defeat Brigham Young (University) 21-18!
[Football] Cal defeats BYU 21-18. Go Bears!
I’m eating burgers on bagels. Want to have me fuck me and cumm in you cunt or asshole?
PSA: chicken pox
Does anyone know these dudes? Been thinking about them since I took their pics @ Gilman, 26 years ago.
Rejected from most of the clubs I applied to
Does anybody know of any good skate spots near campus?
PSA: Career Center releases reported salaries of graduating seniors (helpful for salary negotiations)
Frustration with clubs
Join r/MachinesLearn!
Environmental/Civil Engineering
Good place to get ears pierced?
Do I have a chance at Berkeley when I apply next year?
Grad classes as an undergrad
Grading question at UC Berkeley
MCB 110 and 140 Study Advice?
Research woes
View from the Fire Trails 😍
Biology 1B Lab Quizzes and Exams
Channing-Bowditch Apartments
How long does it take to hear back from companies after career fair?
Any GSE students here?
any printers on campus where you can insert your own paper?
Smash Bros anyone?
From Berkeley’s Twitter - the rivalry has reached Capitol Hill ...
Need 5 min on drillpress (SW Berkeley)
Would anyone be down to split a chegg account?
Five years after graduation, I don't feel Berkeley gave me that much of an advantage in life. Thoughts?
How’s ULAB?
How tf do I stop getting sick here and at the beginning of every semester?
Econ Advising Signups Impossible? Is anyone else having this, or are the advisers actually just booked for the entire semester?
ASTRONC10 Questions
What qualities should a mod of overheard have?
Do work study jobs drug test?
Looking for Stat 135 Study Group
CogSci transfer not sure whether to enroll in CS 61B or audit it for next semester.
Quick Scholarship Application - Takes like 10 Minutes
What’s the difference between Launchpad and ML@B?
ULAB?
The sun is out! Where can I study outside?
How do I get around paying the outrageous parking costs?
Computerland of Berkeley and Laptop Issues
Got no plans this weekend? Join us for Comedian Rory Scovel and/or Avengers: Infinity War screening on the GLADE! (all for free)
So how exactly does recruiting work? (2nd year cs intended)
Rethinking America’s 20th-Century Highway Institutions [11/16/18]
late webwork
Rejected from all my clubs! Any advice?
Course Hero Plan
tinder but for boba
Best date ideas around campus without a car?
Anyone want to make a band?
Berkeley Hills tonight
whose going to see BTS next wednesday?
Anyone want to join a band?
Is the internet down for anyone else?
Anyone want to make a band?
Domino's no longer delivers to North Side Berkeley after location change.
Anyone ride an electric skateboard on campus?
UC Berkeley ranks #3 of public universities in WSJ/Times Higher Education new ranking. (UCLA #1 :/)
Berkeley ranked #4 public university in the US (UCLA #1 :/)
Career fair feels
Not sure if this is the right place to ask but anyone have the Math 1A Solution Manual and is willing to share?
Alumnus visiting after 3 years - what are the best places to eat?
Laws Punishing Homeless People for Sleeping in Public Are Cruel and Unusual, Court Rules
Is it worth it to go to career fairs vs. just applying online?
The Most Useless Staircase In The World....
Anyone have any insight on the business club “Ascend”?
I love you all and go Bears !!
For those students wanting extra motivation studying, join us!
EECS Career fair with lackluster resume?
Resources for Math 53??
Where's my diploma
Any full-pay or full-aid students turn down UChicago for Berkeley?
Anyone have trouble connecting to Airbears2 on iPad?
Anyone full-pay or full-aid turn down UChicago for Berkeley? Why?
Failing URAP?
Late night?
2 Charging Stations on the campus of UCB? Really?
Don’t you wish people still had as much school spirit as they used to?
Looking for current berkeley students' opinions.
Any good biology-related (not pre-med) fraternities on campus?
How hard is CS 9H
Resources for Math 54?
Do I have a chance?
NST 10 BERKELEY
Has anyone taken the Build the Future DeCal?
Missed the EECS resume critique--anyone mind reading over my resume?
Has anyone ever been kicked out of a language class for already knowing the language?
Best barber in Berkeley
Looking to trade dorms
A Haas boi in action
Does chem 3A use sapling?
Daily Cal comments
Heads up! URAP deadline was extended until tomorrow (9/5) at noon!
Alumnus question: where can I find breakfast burritos like the old Cafe Intermezzo?
Linear Algebra / Math 54 recommendations from CC's?
How common is Tophat?
Tips on landing a job out-of-state?
What are you willing to trade me for this small plastic box?
Studying Spots
Anyone taking IND ENG 185 003 or 191?
To new students
Need Advice
Offering maid services + Drake ticket giveaways to Berkeley students...
Did I just mess up?
1-2 unit classes still open?
Can I join IM soccer in the Spring?
Need clarification for Berkeley 2-hr. parking zones..
Lowest-effort way to hook up at Berkeley?
What is a Coffee Chat?
not prepared for 170?
Just learned about the wholesome meaning behind Patrick Laird’s (Cal RB) touchdown celebration
are readings supplemental or necessary for certain classes?
looking for a supplemental textbook for cs70
Weird sound in main stacks?
Seen this morning
Public Health Major Advice
halloween
EE16A discord server
pre med fraternity
Steve Kerr casually waiting in line for Henry’s on Durant ...
Has anyone had any luck getting SHIP to cover an expense they didn't pre-approve?
Did anyone else see Steve Kerr walking on Piedmont ave after the game???
anyone feel any tremors?
CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA TAR HEELS 24-17
[Football] Cal defeats UNC 24-17 to open the season. Go Bears!
Wheres my diploma
Stanfurd tryna come at us
How are the showers at RSF?
Cal- UNC Game Stream
Hmmm
CS61A Discord Server
Pros and cons of berkeley?
California lawmakers bump gun age to 21, ban gun show, enact long arm rationing
Is it bad if I have a huge, same-sex/platonic crush on a professor?
Very lazy senior here, need literally 1 unit. Suggestions appreciated!
happy first gameday
How competitive is Berkeley for Econ/business?
When you don't use an adblocker on the Daily Cal's website. 🍌reacts only.
Selling ticket for football game Cal vs UNC!
On-Campus Housing Now Offers IPTV Streaming With Xfinity
Requesting student loans to buy stocks
life drawing of the stairs behind Pimental
Can Alumni access Main Stacks with an Alumni Association ID?
Why are frats and business/consulting clubs promoting themselves way more intensely than all the other clubs?
Dermatologist for Students with Ship?
Taking MCB 102 while taking Bio 1A?
Bill to provide on-campus abortion access heads to Gov. Brown's desk
Off the Beat | A politicized Jewish identity
Easiest to get into engineering major at Berkeley?
Wheres my diploma
&lt;get head&gt;
Free Waze Carpools for Berkeley students through Halloween!
Parking for the day that has in and out privileges.
Anyone here have a good setup for watching sunday red zone?
anyone know why there is a band outside unit 3
Berkeley 3rd-best US city to live in, Niche ranking says
Any suggestions for social clubs?
Female player needed for co-ed indoor soccer and softball team
Berkeley MSF (Doctors Without Borders) Facebook Page
Selling LoL Final 2 Day Tickets at Oracle Stadium
Anyone want to play factorio?
Co-ed indoor soccer and/or co-ed softball team looking for female player
Long shot - Trying to contact Chinese History Prof. Alexander Cook for a letter of rec. He last taught at Cal 2017.
I visited 924 Gilman as a young punk back in 1991. Thought r/Berkeley would appreciate the pictures.
Upper Division Transfer Units
Looking for a Capable Front End/UI Designer
Pre-contest infosession: modern solutions to student debts
Does this semester's CS189 have webcasts?
Hey British curriculum students - are my GCSEs good enough for Berkeley?
61A students: anyone down to prep for the upcoming midterm?
chem 1a - lectures vs. readings and professor geissler
What courses should I study for CS 1st and 2nd semesters as an outsider?
Double rainbow with the Campanile (took this pic 4 years ago)
Deadline for undergrad research?
UCB - Y’all Are Wild
‘A sorely missed colleague’: Berkeley Law fellowship honors former chief campus counsel Christopher Patti
Why did UCPD detain a random bystander during today's 'gunman' incident?
CE 60 Book?
Sharing girlfriends? Fetlife at Berkeley?
Cal Boxing Tryouts?
What happened to the cats at Pegasus Books?
Reserving Study Rooms for 2 Hours Straight
If you could help me out in anyway that would we awesome! Thank you!
urap question
How do we sign up for those safety text alert things?
Hiring UC Berkeley graduates
Berkeley Party Scene
UC Berkeley ranked the No. 9 Public University in the Country by Washington Monthly
Mychal Kendricks (Former Cal FB player) Committed Charged with Insider Trading
Where to find Intramural Sports (dodgeball, basketball, soccer, table tennis, etc)
classics r44 is killing me
Do I have a shot at Berkeley?
Do I have a shot at getting into Berkeley?
Report of a sighting of a subject with a gun, area of MLK and Cesar Chavez Buildings. Please avoid ... from University of California Police Department, Berkeley : Nixle
How does one delete Course icons on bcourses?
Jacobs Hall Makerspace Open House this Friday 4-7pm
How to open Unidays account with Cal1 card?
Does the Academic Progress Report not include the requirement that you can have at most 1/3 of your units at Berkeley be P/NP?
mlk and Berkeley: a satirical adaptation of Rupi Kaur's "Milk and Honey" written for UC Berkeley
Campus-led movement she(256) launches mentorship program for women in blockchain
UC Berkeley graduate escapes Lyft after driver veers into woods
UC system considers replacing SAT, ACT scores in admissions decisions
I WANT BOBA
Sites like Ninacourses?
I'm A Double Major; Which Major Should I Apply With?
bcourses down?
2-3 Unit Open Class
Getting into Moffitt/the stacks as a visitor?
Can anyone confirm ‘Department of Meme Studies’ is real? Couldn’t find it on Berkeley’s website...
NYTimes Wants To Quote YOU!
Any freshman not using their football tickets?
Machine Shop doesn't allow Mechanical Engineering Students shop access...
Getting into Masters of Engineering in EECS
IBM opens a coding/hack challenge for students with a final trip to Watson Health Center
The best photo I've ever taken of the Campanile
Blood Drive at Sutter Health- All donors will get a limited edition Oakland A's T-Shirt
I’m super curious what you opinions are on this radical leftist concept
What are those little cars with flags roaming around Berkeley ?
Construction begins for Downtown Berkeley apartment complex 5 years after approval
what clubs should i join??
math 10a tips (professor stankova)
Bear’s Lair is back as Bear’s Lair Tavern!
CoC or L&amp;S for Prospective Chemistry Major?
Free physical therapy on campus?
$25,000 Cash Prize Data Science Competition at Berkeley
To all the people who try and enter a classroom while the previous class is still leaving:
Junior/Senior Enrollment Times
How to get units for research?
Berkeley's AirBears been killing me lately
Are there any public-access paper shredders on campus
Everyone should go out and see Blindspotting
Senior needing a 1 unit graded class to graduate. Help dearly needed.
2 factor auth
Ranking consulting clubs at Berkeley?
Wasn't that interested in academics in undergrad, but now I'm interested in law school.
Has anyone taken the Strength Training course at the RSF?
Berkeley apparel, second-hand/cheap?
[cross-x-post /r/wAllstReeTbets] The first Time that anyone got useful information Out of a company info-session.
[OC] I drew Berkeley's Waifu to welcome y'all back
How does UC funding work?
tHow does UC funding work?
Great meetup, everyone! Thank you for showing up! Next meetup will be about 1 month from now, so keep a lookout. Join the official Discord for other, smaller meetups.
Quantitative Consulting
what do you call the pressbox/ sky deck/ office/ thing they built above memorial stadium?
I'm at Memorial Glade wearing a bright pink beanie. I've got tons of food, frisbees, and a board game. Come by!
Cello instructor recommendations
Where's the study abroad information for engineering majors?
URAP Application GPA
CS Concurrent enrollment
Lifestyle Advice
BJJ club
Are there any CS clubs that will accept people fresh out of 61A?
Why are so many bike lane designations in Berkeley painted like this?
Why are so many bike lane designations in Berkeley painted like this?
Getting Credit for Research, Non-URAP
open gym volleyball at rsf
Cycling at Cal
Stat 135 exam Prep
Is it practical to work in Banking with a pure math/philosophy double major?
Berkeley Police Association endorses 'anyone but Kate Harrison'
UC Berkeley says they switched meal plans to be 'more aligned' with other UC campuses
Cal Dining replaces meal points with meal swipes
cs 188 or ee 127?
Anyone get a CA driver's license and know how the process works?
Internships as a beginning CS student
Are Career Fairs useful?
Has anyone taken J160?
ucsf research - freshman
want to take CS61A but have no expereince in coding
Add deadline for decal classes?
#12 on MEC 191k waitlist---likelihood of getting in?
Several evacuated under threat of 'destabilized' trees on University Avenue
Spanish 25 or BioE 100
Accepted to UC Berkeley but rejected from SJSU for CS - has this really happened to anyone you know?
Meetup THIS Sunday on Memorial Glade! 1pm-3pm
Is it just me or is the campus ugly?
In need of Albuterol Inhaler due to bad air. ASAP
Recommended Classes
How to choose classes after withdrawing/reapplying?
Paris "Chef Boy " Austin for the Cal Golden Bears
Paris "Chef Boy " Austin for the Cal Golden Bears
Berkeley councilman to cop who pulled him over: 'You know, we’re voting on your contract right now'
SAP appeal?
Dining hall hours are a joke.
How to find research as a freshman
AC Transit cards not working?
Cal Dining is ripping me off
Is something up with the air quality in Berkeley this semester?
How do I get the alumni association to stop calling me for donations?
CalCentral used to have a function to import class schedule into the bCalendar. Does anyone know how to do this with current CalCentral (or third party software)?
BioE 100?
Parking at Ellsworth?
When can we sign up for decals?
What does it mean when Haas students are called snakes?
What does it mean when Haas students are called snakes?
advice
What exactly is consulting and should I join them?
Is it harder to join a professional frat or a club?
I had mild social anxiety, but this SA has got much worse since school started.
Why is the CalCentral GPA Calculator still down
Anyone have notes for Anthro 3AC that they'd be willing to share?
Looking for current UC Berkeley grad students for a research project in Emeryville on Monday 8/28
Why are there so many bees on campus?
Business/consulting groups evenings only
History 12 or Spanish 25?
Brunch places with reservations?
Sethian Math 53
how hard is it to be an RA
Anyone in Classics R44 know if there are discussion sections this week?
Fee Deadlines. Last day to drop without fee?
19 Units
Meals and SLC Programs
Will Math 53 (Sethian's section) be webcast?
financial aid for textbooks?
SIAM issues
Vising girlfriend at Berkeley - suggestions?
When do meal plan swipes refresh every week?
How to Access Nature Article with Berkeley Email
who took away true blue from the asuc basement
UCPD and Nixle can now predict the future, up to a month in advance.
Can you be part of two professional frats?
vegan boba ?
Card access and student deals
Anyone taken INFO 159 (Nat. Language Processing)?
Looking for a specific tank-top!
Am a recent Cal graduate. Welcome to Berkeley, new bears! AMA
Berkeley again shines as top U.S. public university, this time in Forbes rankings
Good resources for Physics 8A?
Is this too tiring of a schedule for first semester?
Is Wodzicki really that bad for math classes?
How is AirBears2 usually? Should I invest in enough data to run a hotspot?
Help finding a Western Union in Berkeley?
Quick question!
Math 53 (8 am Tataru)
Best places to masturbate on campus?
Have a wonderful first day of school, Bears!
Anybody lose some books on BART earlier?
UC system reaching an existential ‘tipping point,’ new paper concludes
Math 10A Stankova Syllabus Quiz
Open reg?
Anybody leave a stack of books on BART?
How Silicon Valley Became a Den of Spies
stat 140 lectures
Anyone down to spot each other on bench press/squats or generally train together?
Does anybody knows about the essex hottub? My husband and I are trying to find someone who knows how to get in.
To those of you who have taken ESPM 6, what’s microcosm?
Parking Pass Permit question
Question about bio class
Questions about the Physics Major
Accidentally missed the due date of homework worth 5% of your grade? Try syllabuddy.com. Upload your syllabus &amp; Instantly get organized!
Confused about Berkeley time
Entrepreneurship resources
Does anyone have a pdf of the Math 53 textbook?
Class schedule too difficult?
Has anyone transferred from California community colleges?
Parking Permit (S Permit) Problems
I have serious issues with a professor I had over summer with regards to grading. Does anyone have any experience with filing a complaint or other options in this situation? This was a visiting professor over the summer.
Does UC Berkeley have a compilation of common Textbook PDFs like UCLA?
'He brought us all together': UC Berkeley professor, forestry economist Peter Berck dies at 68
Athletics, men dominate highest-paid UC positions, according to report
UC Berkeley suspends architecture professor for sexually harassing graduate student
Practicing Martial Arts By Myself
Join the official berkeley subreddit discord for meetups, school discussions, and other stuff
Shoutout to Berkeley Greek Life! (from UCSB)
CHEM SAPLING ACCESS CODE
ESPM 50AC Reader PDF
SHIP money?
Cal Alumni Leadership Award decisions just came out
Thoughts on the new UC Berkeley Chancellor's Racial Statement?
Club recommendations for a lost freshman? I would highly appreciate your input.
Buildings/Attractions to see while on Campus
Happy Week 1!
Do you need straight A’s to stay in UCB?
Got here 5 minutes ago, dump your thoughts
Hiring cleaners in Berkeley, $30/hr, flexible hours
Explorations in Bioprinting DeCal?
Where are good places to nap on campus?
Anyone know any good/famous artists originating from Berkeley?
Caltopia~
Has anyone here done DSP?
Best 5-6 CS Upper Divs?
Research in Freshman Year
Can't access AirBears2 on mobile?
Medical Scribing Opportunities
Unit 2 ethernet?
Acceptance rate for L&amp;S CS?
Best 5 CS upper-divs to take from this list?
Too late to waive SHIP?
BPD: Man, 25, in critical condition after shooting; innocent bystanders are stable — Berkeleyside
What to major in for Haas?
Financial Aid (grants and scholarships). Confused :/
Mail???
Moving carts for apartment move-in
How competitive is admission to Haas?
Shipping packages question
Question about shipping packages
CogSci transfer taking CS61A with zero CS background. How to pass the course?
CS 186 without having taken 61C
Anyone living in Unit 2 down to skate to Berkeley Skatepark tomorrow morning?
Does anyone know what the coverage for Family Mobile is like in Berkeley? Or does anyone know what phone company has the best coverage in Berkeley that is also inexpensive? Thanks!
Pushed back on waitlist?
CompSci for Computational Materials Science &amp; Physics?
Science lab requirement?
I still use the datascience module from Data 8 outside of the class. Should I switch over to pandas?
How Silicon Valley Became a Den of Spies
NUSCTX 110 or PLANTBI 135
How has someone at Berkeley Theatre, Dance and Performing Arts Studies not realized that they linked a porn site on their site by mistake under BareStage?
The original Hearst Plan for the design of the UC Berkeley campus, circa 1899.
Hate wrong bus times? Me too! Get the Transit app!
Cal headbands?
Buildings open early on weekends?
Looking for a specific Golden Bears tank-top!
Looking for a specific GSB tank-top for a gift!
How did CoE see this 28 percent increase in female students admitted for 2018-19 in a span of just one year?
For anyone living in the Coop apartments: do you get internet?
Disbursements
What is the best way for prospective students to best experience UC Berkeley on a single visit?
The Campanile and the former Bacon Library, 1914
Anyone taken Physics 111B before?
TIL that, in the event of an earthquake, the Campanile is built to collapse directly onto Campanile Way to prevent damage other buildings (1914)
Did Pappys get Liquor License back?
Did your time at Cal get better as it went on, academically, socially, and just in terms of adjusting to college?
This gets asked every year but pros/cons of joining SAP (Sigma Alpha Pi) aka National Society of Leadership and Success?
What are some good temporary housing options? New student dealing with housing insecurity right now
How do I get off of a waitlist during the first few days/weeks of class?
DPR LIVE Concert 10/14
french 102
Martial arts in Berkeley?
class schedule changed and now the times intersect
Payment Deadline for Fall 2018?
Fall 18 Schedule Advice
We have our priorities straight
math 113 or math 126?
UC Berkeley reports 7 percent increase in women admitted to College of Engineering
Someone told me Ethernet doesn’t work all around campus
South Campus entrance (now Sather Gate), 1880
Advice On Which Course to Drop--Just In Case?
Any good last minute R1B/AC/Philosophy and Values/International Studies classes with spots or short WL?
Healthy food in Berkeley?
American history and institutions requirement?
My brother is selling two season tickets (amazing seats) and is willing to give any Cal students/alums a pretty significant discount
Question about American history and American institutions requirement?
where can I get condoms in Southside right now?!??
The Freshman Class of 2018 marks the Sesquicentennial of the University at Memorial Stadium
Is it abnormal to not have friends yet?
math 10A textbook - stankova
Ucb time override for classes?
American cultures for L&amp;S breadth?
Introduction to Climate Change
I really think i will never fix my gpa. I can’t face the next year knowing this.
The city of Berkeley has a sense of humor apparently
I’m aspiring to get accepted into Berkeley as a transfer student. What should I do to maximize my chances of acceptance?
UX Design courses at UCB Extension
No experience with CS - will basic CS classes be difficult?
free printing
Adding a major in COE while in L&amp;S
Berkeley’s iconic Brennan’s restaurant closing after 60 years
When will Birds/Lime scooters come to Berkeley?
Problems with CalCentral/Financial Aid
UC Berkeley startup accelerator gets a boost from venture fund
Question about switching majors as a transfer student
Official /r/berkeley meetup for Sunday, August 26th, at Memorial Glade. From 1pm-3pm. See you there!
Berkeley police met with outrage after releasing 'antifa' activists' personal information
What would happen if my roommate withdraws from the school?
Applied Math major and CS Classes
Anyone else been miserable these past 2 days?
Good smoke spots on/near campus?
Masters in Education
Has anyone lived at the Metropolitan? What did you think of it?
Transfer from CoC to CoE?
Half of the Top 10 U.S. Colleges Are in the Same State — and Four Are Public Schools. Here's Why They Rule
UGBA 133? I want to take this next spring but is there any way to get the notes for it to get a sense for the class?
2nd Hand Clothes Shopping
How to appeal for L&amp;S CS???
Possible to leave dorm?
Cal Graduate Salary vs Non-Unemployment by Major
Cal Graduate Salary vs Non-Unemployment
Questions about EFT
Financial aid issues (that time of the year again!)
Cal football players try to get peers to go to Memorial Stadium
Going home during golden bear orientation?
UC Berkeley Hiring Timeline?
summer session grade
UC Berkeley ranked No. 1 public university in the world by ShanghaiRanking Consultancy
EECS and CS
New evidence from the University of California Berkeley shows that sleep deprivation spurs a vicious, self-sustaining cycle of loneliness.
My parents are scared of Berkeley now &amp; honestly so am I lmao
My parents feel unsafe with me staying here &amp; want me to go home with them
When would the EFT deposits hit our banks?
Robberies, grand theft, auto burglary kept Berkeley police busy Monday evening
Stay rested bears!
What are things first-time science UGSI's should know?
Ucb orientation?
Schedule Questions
Financial Aid Not Disbursed?
question about eecs memes.
are the memes true?
How do I stay safe out here?
Has anyone been rollerblading on the Berkeley Marina?
Gyms in Northside?
Questions about the Oscar Wilde co-op
Worried about minisuite
What happened to Shane who used to teach HIIT?
Is a bike allowed inside the Tang Center?
Prospective Student Q's
Residence floor
How crowded does Spieker Pool get at the beginning of the semester?
Does going to Berkeley really mean you have the "whole world in your hands?"
Are the advisors still available ?
If I pay my tuition now and I'm found eligible for a scholarship, will I get reimbursed?
Let's give our fellow bear some love
CS 61b Waitlist
Financial Aid Disbursement
How to remove RPP sticker?
3 Lessons I Learned after Attending UC Berkeley | No Limits from Cal Mic Man
Should I bring a bike?
Which bank should I use?
Anthro 3AC
Berkeley named #7 best college in the U.S.
Getting into CS 168
MCS will not disburse?
Scholarship Disbursement
Food...
[#18] Welcome to Berkeley, Class of 2022! Don't have enough karma to make a thread? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
[#18] Welcome back to Heck. Have a simple question that needs answering? Don't have enough karma to make a thread? Ask here!
What renter's insurance do you have?
berkeleytime no longer updates grades?
I really REALLY wanna get into Berkley
Swapping
To the Cal student that stopped by a homeless woman and offered to buy her dinner yesterday
If you had one piece of advice for new students, what would it be? (EOM)
How to renew Adobe Cloud?
Hoe to renew Adobe Cloud?
Freshman Packing Nightmare
When do I get textbooks?
Good readings for econ majors?
Do UC Berkeley clubs check your official gpa?
Does UC Berkeley clubs check your official gpa?
Me irl
Bringing a bike
Want to transfer into Berkeley Sophomore year.. was already admitted freshman year
How many choices do we get on the UC application?
Process of getting into engineering courses
Do work-study jobs drug test?
Do work-study jobs drug test?
Where to play basketball
3 BREADTHs + CS61A?
Double Major Econ/MCB
Does anyone know what a semi-private bathroom means? My housing assignment this year is a triple suite in Clark Kerr.
CS61B with hilfinger or hug?
Not a Berkeley student but taking Josh Hugs Spring 2018 CS61b class. Am I allowed to upload Project 2 on Github since the semester is over?
Yo I’m so hype for this semester
Wifi in Unit 1 Mini Suite
Wifi in Unit 1 dorm
NBC: Berkeley Students Turn Grief Into Tech Startup After France Attack
Should I join/take classes at UC Martial Arts?
Engineering or Anthropology?
Graduate residency - is the 6 week limit super strict?
Looking to move to the area for work...but rent is SO expensive.
How to not get stuck in the RSF queue?
How to make the most of this semester?
EFT
Shipping stuff to cal?
Berkeley Morning Sign Out Organization
What class have you repeatedly tried to get into but continuously failed?
The sun sets on another summer; welcome to all the new Bears!
CA Residency Question(s)
CS 70 Final
In terms of STEM and entrepreneurship, are there resources that Berkeley doesn't have that schools like MIT and Stanford do?
Testing out of Math 53?
Public opinion of Berkeley is interesting
Alternatives to CS 189
How to enjoy Berkeley again?
Are there any good spots (bars, lounges, clubs other) in Berkeley or the proximal areas (Walnut Creek, SF, etc.) for a single guy to meet ladies? I am brand new here after graduating from business school in the East Coast and trying to figure out how to meet people.
Is there an aggregated research position list / website?
Are prerequistes enforced during the summer session at Berkeley for non Berkeley students?
Can I get a wholesome "Go Bears!"?
Applying
Online Math 1b course at a CC? Any recommendations?
The Results Are In: Berkeley has had 12 reported robberies in 2018!
Payment question
chem lab textbooks
What resume-building activities/clubs can a rising Junior participate in?
UCSF Labs/Research
What resume-building clubs/activities can a rising Junior participate in?
UCSF Labs
Incoming freshman schedule
Confusion Regarding Major Applications
coop boarding?
Is there a way to switch discussion/lab?
Coop Boarding
88 Rising music festival
iClickers (+ versus original)
It's not just about housing: Developments, wage disparities advance gentrification in Berkeley
TIL that Malia Obama toured Berkeley and had it on her list of favorite schools
Transferring to Berkeley from Ucla?
English Major wishing to become a full-stack web developer. Any advice?
Cog-Sci major wishing to become a full-stack web developer. Any advice?
Incoming cog-sci transfer wishing to become a full-stack web developer. Any advice?
I’ll pay you to let me park in your vacant parking spot for 2 nights (tonight and tomorrow night)
Bike sharing services
Berkeley bike lock attacker gets just 3 years probation and no jail time for violently assaulting 7 people in the head with a bike lock
Where do you guys get your hair cut?
When will we know if we're accepted into a class from a Wait-list? Before classes start or after?
Cog Sci 1 Waitlist
How to get off waitlist for CS 70?
Looking to buy Classics R44 books
Coming in move-in day + GBO
Anybody going to the 88 Rising music festival?
Post your budgets / actual cost of attendance
Question about textbook orders
Hi, I’m a social entrepreneur helping the Berkeley community. I’m building a solution to solve student debts. If you know any business development people ( retired is great too) please let me know.
is the taco bell on durant good?
Do they take attendance in Math 10A?
Data 8 Waitlist
Getting credit for a course taken at another UC
When to take r1a and r1b
Incoming transfer moving to Northside this weekend - any advice?
Anyone taking Art 8 in fall?
Nimby robot prepares to save Berkeley
HAASholes: What student-org/professional frat do you recommend?
Phase 2 during Final exam
L&amp;S Data Science
What makes people happy at Berkeley despite the cons of this place?
Research Opportunities
Is Anthro 3AC a class that's likely to fill up by my adjustment period?
Getting off of CS 170 waitlist?
Class time conflicts
English Class Recommendation
Where to take a shower on campus after working out?
Do seminars have finals?
Christian Fellowships at Berkeley
If Berkeley gets so much less endowment than schools like Harvard, MIT, and Stanford; how does it manage to rival them?
Tentative /r/berkeley meetup for Sunday, August 26th, at Memorial Glade. From 1pm-3pm.
Preparing for Italian Language Placement Test
Master of Engineering CS program
Berkeley’s official twitter giving our sub a shoutout!
What’s your favorite memory at Berkeley?
Waitlisted in 189
When are Fall decals announced and which ones would you recommend?
Major requirements for MCB
Waitlisted in CS70 and EE16A
Possible to take CS 61A as a visiting undergrad?
Are you sick and tired of expensive housing? Want more housing in Southside? Here's how you can help!
Applied Math-CS Cluster
Adjustment Period
Are you sick and tired of expensive housing? Want more housing in Southside? Here's how you can help!
3 Lessons I Learned after Attending UC Berkeley
What makes an essay stand out for Cal administrators???
Under M.E.T program, when I am dropped from M.E.T to normal engineering, do I get same priority as the other students who originally applied for engineering?
I think I’m going to love it here :)
I think I’m going to love it here :)
Anyone taken Astro W12 and have practice finals?
Where can I get a cheap hair cut?
Anyone took Math W53 with Hutchings and have past finals?
Refund for Campus Fee?
Clark Kerr Double Suite OPEN
Has anyone taken Env Des 4a?
Job Interview Help?
Move in day quickly approaching. Any tips or tricks?
FAR LEFT MOBS RIOT In 3 Major US Cities -- NOT ONE Mainstream Outlet Reports on the Widespread Leftist Violence
New Sequoia- thoughts?
Berkeley police under fire for publishing anti-fascist activists' names and photos
CS vs EECS
What are my chances of getting accepted into UC Berkeley, and what can I do to increase these chances?
CS 70 non-EECS Waitlist
Why is the LS phone tree so long?
Is there any point in trying to get out of a housing contract?
Antifa members in Berkeley smash windows of US Marine Corps recruiting office during protest
Easy Arts &amp; Lit Breadth @ Cal
URAP Application Tips?
How is Cals freshman retention rate so high?
Research and emailing professors
From California community College to Cal College of Chemistry as a Chemistry major
Is there any way to get in Math 53 at this point?
Question about MEB requirements
Mechanic reccomendations? SW Berkeley
CHRISTIAN MAN DIED, SPENT 90 MINUTES IN HEAVEN, AND CAME BACK TO LIFE! AMAZING TRUE STORY!
Trying to drop class
City of Berkeley vehicles vandalized by Antifa
scholarship laptop
Irrefutable evidence that Berkeley &gt; Stanfurd
The Purge - Berkeley Edition
microsoft office help
can’t install microsoft office
How do introverts survive in this school of 40,000 students? Any advice?
Friendly reminder that there is a protest gearing up in South and Downtown Berkeley and that the police are making arrests
Waitlist for CS 161
Tang Center and Counseling
Can i get a fridge once I move into my room and decide that I need one?
B.S. or B.A. for Computer Science?
Does math 53 have a wait list? Or is the wait list currently full?
Taking a summer class will it affect chances of admission?
P/NP Prerequisties
How are you guys feeling here at Cal and how can we all help?
Is EECS worth it at UCB with an out-of-state tuition as an incoming transfer?
Help! Cal Essay Tips!
Has anyone ever thought of transferring from Berkeley?
It's time we build housing on People's Park.
Qs about UC Berkeley Symphony Orchestra?
How to get ML/CS research as a sophomore at Berkeley?
Update: Ahead of slated Sunday rally, Berkeley issues rules on masks, weapons
ZINE party TODAY 3pm @IVY ROOM
Weekend Jobs?
Research Dilemma
What do I need to do in order to get a TB test at the Tang Center?
Engineering/CS Transfer Server
When and how will I find out when my cs61a discussion/lab is?
How do I not get dead?
When to take ME 132
How would taking time off from Berkeley help with depression/anxiety/general hopelessness?
Fixing incomplete by retaking class?
Work-Study Questions
If you have recently studied a MOOC on any MOOC platforms (e.g. Coursera, edX, FutureLearn), could you please fill out this survey? Thank you!
Recommendations for Private Counseling?
breakdancing
Experiences with Martial Arts at RSF?
How does waitlist for lecture/section work?
school supplies (freshman)?
Campaign to Make Berkeley Gay Again (MBGA)
How to get rid of change?
How do I not get mugged?
Transfer Student from CC to EECS?
How do I not get mugged?
Advice on how to contest towing fee?
Help with DeCals
How accurate is berkeleytime.com?
Are people of white complexion allowed on campus sidewalks?
I agree with Obama!
Berkeley and the Real World/Jobs
Biology 1B Field Lab Course
Waiving SHIP after the deadline
Experiences with PE Classes/RSF Swimming Pools?
Take a look at Haas' new and beautiful Chou Hall!
Tukar Cermin Kereta Wind Autoglass Supplies
Work-Study Jobs
Does anyone have any good runs near campus that they would recommend?
ECON 105 vs POLECON 100
Internship/Entry-Level Job Opportunities
What's the hardest class you've taken at Berkeley?
4th and University. I say it's a fire and health hazard. The City of Berkeley says it's a quasi-sanctioned encampment and refuses to touch it.
4th and University. I say it's a fire and health hazard. City of Berkeley says it's a sanctioned encampment and refuses to touch it.
Quick analysis of Berkeley's yield rate!
Enrollment Time
What does workload tend to look like for a graded seminar course?
What's the max amount of semesters a transfer can spend at Cal?
Best campus on gym
Are there ways to get involved with business consulting on campus?
Is it too late to get units for an internship?
Completion of Berkeley BART Plaza now delayed until September
Is PH 116 worth it?
UC Berkeley fall 2018 admit profile (ranges for GPA, test scores)
What skills (and grades) do I need to show to get into UCB M&amp;T?
Class cancellation for lack of students?
Textbooks in class?
An Interesting Read: The Pencilsword On a Plate
Phone Appointment with Advisor?
What is a normal class load for a Junior/Senior?
EE 126 Book pdf ?
Berkeley Connect Location?
Should I buy the books for Classics R44 now?
Withdrawing from Summer Session
Opinion on the area around Blake and Grant st
Bmail on iPhone?
What is a good enough amount for work-study?
Take CS 61B and Math 1B concurrently or separately?
Guy Faux Day in Berkeley
Applying to haas as an incoming second year transfer
Data 8 Manageable With This Schedule?
Why is Suitcase Clinic so popular with premeds?
I didn’t know that financial aid only covered 7 units of tuition over the summer and ended up taking 3 classes, one which I don’t need. Is there anything I can do at this point/does anyone else have experience in this?
Any Tips for a sophomore in High School?
Curve for CS70 over the summer?
My Company Wants to Recruit at Berkeley
Berkeley zoning board says latest 2701 Shattuck proposal is ‘still excessive’
Forgetting SHIP
Work-Study Jobs
Stats GPA cap?
Anyone interested in last minute campus housing for the upcoming semester?
Where are Haas students doing interships/working?
China’s Long Arm Reaches Into American Campuses - Beijing is stepping up efforts to inject party ideology into student life. Some Chinese students are crying foul.
Arts requirement for Admission?
Where to get Proof of Paid Tuition (as California Resident)
A first look inside Blackwell Hall, Berkeley’s newest freshman dorm
Where to get Proof of Paid Tuition (as California Resident)
Man to press charges after white woman tells group in Berkeley, 'you don't belong here'
Clark Kerr triples bunked beds?
Car for Driving Practice
UCB Fantasy Football 4-6 Spots Open
I've chosen my classes for Fall '18, but how do I find the books required for the classes?
Calling all bi-/multicultural folks to help a fellow student out!
Intramural Crew
EIS minor questions
More Media Coverage of Jainism Will Show RELIGION Can Be NON-THEISTIC | Keithiest/The Keith Network
Martial Arts
Storage
What are the best EE courses to take as a CS major here?
Sad over a lack of friends
Anybody here have recommendations for local CSAs?
LA people: Favorite Berkeley eateries?
Is my freshman schedule manageable?
Deadline to Switch Class from Graded to Pass/No Pass
Electric scooter invasion
Which Stats/Math Classes are important for data science and don't have similar corresponding classes in the EECS Department?
Which Stats/Math Classes are important for data science and don't have similar corresponding classes in the EECS Department?
Anybody take Econ 139 before?
LGBT crowd?
UGSI Interviewing Tips
CS61b + CS70 Webcasted?
How hard is it to exceed the unit cap / take conflicting classes?
Do No-Pass (NP) courses count toward the P/NP limit for Letters and Science?
Why does it seem like everyone, or almost everyone I know, took Chem 3B over the summer?
Trying to find a quality Japanese place in the area that won’t kill the bank
Trying to find a quality Japanese place in the area that won’t kill the bank
Math 16a vs. Math 16b
How much probability should I already know before taking EE126?
Graduated in May, degree in Econ, 3.5 GPA, started recruiting early, have internship experience, still unemployed. Advice?
Horrible GSI
Ideas for interesting/useful decals or seminars about Comp Sci, Econ, or Finance.
What are your thoughts on this video about Why You Shouldn't Go To UC Berkeley?
Looking for a Fall Semester Sublease
Coupon wanted
Red Alert for Bay Area and Berkeley Teens!
Weekend Parking Options
Are math 104 and 185 worth it for EECS?
UC Berkeley Extension Online Classes
is this a real reason to swap?
Can I swap roommates for this reason?
Help me decide between Cal and UCLA!
Has anyone taken ESPM 173?
EE 127, Stat 135, Stat 133 - Schedule Feedback
How to dispute a housing charge?
Need help deciding what class to drop. [Incoming Transfer]
How hard is it to complete a double major in mechE and Econ?
Media Studies + Transfer + International Student
Linguistics 55AC or Sociology 3AC
UC Berkeley Chinese Proficiency Exam
work study (sos!)
International exchange student seeking suggestions on course selection
Is Math 53 important for CS majors?
chem 3b curve during summer?
Incoming Transfer Schedule
Berkeley on a budget [NYT]
Late dropping a summer session class?
Best DeCals for someone interested in health?
New Mental Health Clinic in Los Altos!
How long before nonpayment cancel?
What are the best "secret spots" on campus?
Why is Math 1B supposedly the most failed freshman class at Berkeley?
CS70 Instead of Math 55 as Non-CS Major
Incoming FPF freshman intended CS with no STEM courses. Advice?
FPF freshman intended CS but no STEM classes for fall semester. Advice?
Financial aid for ship insurance?
Missed the financial aid deadline :/
Econ 1 and CS61B
How long does it usually take work-study jobs to get back to people?
iclicker
Honors program EECS
MMA clubs?
To Bring or Not to Bring...That is the Question
To Bring or Not to Bring. That is the question...
Dorm Shopping Qs
Gap year?
How do I go about joining a club(mostly business) at Berkeley?
Any recomendable MCAT courses in the Bay Area?
Easiest 4-Unit Classes for a Freshman
Black Wednesday
Struggling in Data 8?
Does anyone else ever get frustrated with the competitiveness/intensity of Berkeley, and if so, how do you deal with it?
What you NEED to Know About Berkeley Before Attending!
Pros/cons of withdrawing for a semester?
Slavic R5B with Nesbet?
Classes to learn how to play an instrument?
microwave/fridge
What is the best/cheapest parking lot for guests?
Anyone down to role play?
How difficult would it be to apply to L&amp;S and switch majors to Comp Sci?
Easiest 1 credit courses?
will only having 12 units for now be a problem?
Trying to understand life. Please help by giving me your opinion
EECS 126 or CS 170
What should a new student bring for their dorm?
What courses do I have to complete to declare CS other than 61a, 61b, and 70?
Does IB credit count to your GPA?
SHIP on Cost of attendance?
What are your favorite things about UC Berkeley?
Semester Break for Internship?
What exactly is a "campus fee" and a "student services fee"?
Work Study Question
Chances of being accepted into UC Berkeley engineering?
How to do good in cs61a and/or ee16a?
Anyone mind taking this 4 minute survey for my class?
SHIP is so frustrating
room number?
Sending in SAT Subject test for American Institutions/History Requirement
How Horror Can Use DEAF Characters To Make Fantastic Films
How to find out the hall you're staying at in one of the Units?
Should I take math or history ?
How can I tell which Hall I’ll be living in for the Units?
Newbie Question: Financial Aid (Re-)Packaging?
Getting into EE 16B
purchasing tickets for greek theatre
Why is L&amp;S CS so popular now compared to the past?
Studying the Bible??
Why am I not Getting off of the Wait list?
Why has the DailyCal failed to report the beating of the old white man by a group of youngsters!?
On waitlist for CS170. Am I likely to get off the waitlist if I'm #226?
Testing for the Public for GRE prep
Red vs Blue - A Contrast Of Resiliency and Outcomes CA vs MS
Couple Questions about enrollment/waitlist (Freshman)
EE 16B/ CS 70 DIS??
Reservations - Vaticano Cucina
How should we split our space?
Double stabbing at MacArthur BART
Experiences with the Certificate in Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology?
Is renters insurance worth?
Has anyone taken Africam 27ac?
Statistics or Data Science Major?
cs61b midterm 1
applying
For CS and Math double majors, does Math 55 count to 3.3 GPA cutoff instead of CS 70?
Hi guys, I’m a freshman and still dont know how the waitlist system works. Like this picture for example, Why don’t people from the waitlist fill the open seats?
When do club sign-ups begin???
Wodzicki's complete set of lecture notes for Math 53M, Fall 2003?
Proposition to split California into 3 states removed from November ballot
Possible to declare a different major as a transfer student?
E7 vs CS61a
Has anyone done the Human Rights Interdisciplinary Minor?
Waitlist but no Position Number?
Scholarships for transfer students?
Questions and concerns about taking classes
Most competitive CS courses to get into
Is anyone getting this email even though they have submitted everything???
How to enroll for Adjuncts?
Should I get a loan for Summer classes
Dad of Freshman Asking— Taking classes w/o prereq’s?
Cafe Durant loses liquor license - permanently!
CoC Research Honors
Parking pass confusion
What restaurant around campus do you hate the most?
Are 8ams really that bad?
Summer study spots after 5pm?
Police: Fight over Fat Slice pizza sparked Southside Berkeley shooting
Psych 1 or NEAR EAST STDS 10?? CS major maybe prehaas lmk
Chance me for Computer Science
Cal in 21 Jump Street - the trials and tribulations of applying to Berkeley
Should I take Data 8 as a senior or jump into DS 100 without having taken Data 8
How strict are discussion sections at being on time for attendance??
Undergraduate International Students who’ve enrolled in the fee payment plan.
What is going on tonight at Northside?
Can I P/NP an AC class if I'm in CoE?
Transferring credits?
Haircuts near campus?
Cal ID says summer session?
User Research Survey - Help a UX designer!
How competitive are work-study jobs?
1 Year MS in Computer Science
CS 88 or CS 10
Berkeley police need your help finding suspects accused of beating 72-year-old man
Does EE16B tend to open more lab times in Phase 2?
Oh hey look we're on the frontpage! Wait a second...
This year, fundraising for Berkeley reached record highs with half a billion dollars being donated to the university
Teddy Roosevelt on his way to give Berkeley's 1903 Commencement Address (May 1903)
Group of teens beats up 72-year-old man in Berkeley
UGBA c5 / L&amp;S c5
Prove that if N = 1 mod 16 then N is a 4th power mod 2^k for all k.
Possible to Add EECS MS or MEng while pursuing PhD in another discipline?
American cultures requirement
EE 16A Waitlist
Industrial Eng 197 - entrepreneurship
Does Kent Lightfoot still teach Anthro 2AC?
Fulfilling CoE H/SS requirements with foreign language
Is my schedule really that bad? lol...
Chance of getting off waitlist for German R5A? Should I just sign up for something else?
Can We Start an Enrollment Megathread?
Waitlist number question
Slavic 133
College of Chemistry Requirements
One unit class recommendations?
Chance of getting into CS61A from waitlist?
stat 20 with no stat experience in highschool
Do teachers let you change discussion sections typically?
How do you sign up for adjunct classes?
Course recommendationd
Chances of getting off a waitlist if my waitlist number is 3 for Music R1B?
LMi (ISP) Experiences
Chances of getting of waitlist
Poli Sci major but want to try math courses for fun
Does anyone know what EPN grading is? (screenshot inside)
Enrolled in EE16A without Math 1B credit, will I be dropped?
enrollment was brutal... rip
Has anyone taken ESPM C22AC Fire? Wanted to get your thoughts on the class
is my schedule ok?
Question about canceling swap
This is my third post today but class enrollment is all messed up
How hard is it to finish all CS requirements?
Math 1B
Math 1B Discussion classes all filled before my enrollment opened, but 1B is a prereq for my other classes?
Any freshman still waiting on deferral notice?
UC Berkeley, tight on money, to spend $30 million on women’s sports facilities
Website Down
Question about requirements
Signed up for Math 53 at 8 AM...did I mess up?
Math 1B discussion closed
Waitlist for FIRE: PAST, PRESENT
Waitlisted.
What’s the difference between phase 1 and phase 2 enrollment?
ENROLLMENT
Quick Question about Final Exams
Wait listed on a class with space?
Enrollment Message
Why do some Cal people talk so much about Stanford so much?
Enrolling is going bad
Bio 1B, Physics 8B, MCB C100A-- doable?
Question about Art 23AC
EE16a discussion?
My adviser says I have too many classes, which do you recommend I drop?
UC Berkeley fires six campus police officers caught hanging out in library
requesting different final exam day
When do Decal classes get posted?
Which math should I take?
Getting into Berkeley as transfer with research?
Has anyone taken Japan 160?
Should I plan to graduate in 3 years?
are classes first come first serve?
SHIP waiver not working?...
Indian Flavors Express closes; location to be made into student housing
Need clarification on class enrollment process!
Showerthought: Since you can't change your major from LS to EECS
Easy upper div h/ss class?
How are spring classes almost filled?
Incoming freshman don't have phase 2?
Taking Math 1B at CC?
Experience Berkeley Transfer Workshops
SHIP For independent students?
Has anyone petitioned for a reduced course load before?
Need Help on Freshman Course Load!
Tough Freshman Workload?
When do I sign up for Decals?
Good upper division AC course?
Why does depression seem, or is, so prevalent at Berkeley?
Freshman schedule help please!
International Students waiving SHIP
Satisfies Part B of the Reading and Composition Requirement
Classes that are similar to CFA material?
People who have graduated from Berkeley and/or seniors who already know what they're going to after graduation, what are your career or school plans?
Extension cords?
Easy 4 unit class?
SF Symphony Student Discount
"A few minutes to talk about a 'personal project'?"
Berkeley police arrest man who grabbed, dragged, chased woman near UC campus
Hirability with Data Science Major
What happens if I miss Golden Bear Orientation week?
@ CS people
What advice would you have for a fellow Cal student returning in the fall who had a really rough time last semester?
lighting design class
SHIP Waiver extended deadline upvote party
Discord for upcoming engineering/CS transfer
Graduated in May and no access to Berkeley Career site?
Unit Cap for Phase I?
What happens if you are rejected from Haas as a junior?
I’m in high school, and I’m becoming frustrated with how laypeople see Berkeley
Great view of Berkeley marina facing San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge
YO FUCK THE SHIP WAIVER. ANYONE ABLE TO GET PAST THIS MESSAGE AND REACH THE QUESTIONS?
schedule help - econ major with plans to major/minor in data science
What kind of social apps do young ppl like
People at Berkeley studying something in humanities, why and what do you plan to do career-wise with your degree?
Trying to submit SHIP waiver but I keep getting this error message. What should I do?
What are late evening labs like?
To know the East Bay is to know San Pablo Avenue.
Is CS61A worth it for me? Any advice to help me orient myself in undergrad generally?
CS186 vs CS188
Any opinions on CS major/Philosophy minor schedule for Fall?
Any transfer students here who also had success getting accepted to UCLA / other UCs?
CS61A, EE16A Lab and Discussion Sections
Anyone down to form a band
Freshman enrollment question
Course selection trouble
Breadth Recommendations
Petitioning Out Of Math 53
Help from returning students pls
Question about lighting at Berkeley
Places to learn an instrument?
Anyone seen the new Ant-Man?
Where is the best single's nightlife scene in Berkeley for the graduate student and above aged crowd?
Consequences of a No Pass?
Cal WR and five-star recruit Demetris Robertson transfers to UGA
Cal WR, five-star recruit Demetris Robertson transfers to UGA
Anyone looking for a fantasy basketball league?
No more stupid Berkeley signs!
Where to buy wood boards/canvases?
IEOR 160 vs EECS127
Is the July 16th P1 Class Enrollment Date for L&amp;S transfers the same for Haas transfers?
What does Berkeley look for first in admissions?
help me pick a schedule!
Things for my lonely friend to do during summer?
Anybody wanna kick it tonight and do anything
Gotta love this Cal alum!
Does anyone have Language, Culture, and Society with Prof. Brian this summer?
What are some of your happiest memories or moments you've had at Berkeley?
Order of the Golden Bear: Legit or School Publicity Stunt?
Does anyone know when the financial aid checks are disbursed?
What's the best beach within an hour drive of Berkeley where I can just go ready where there is a lot of people just out and reading and hanging out?
Transfers forced to take cs61A 999 for discussion and lab?
EE16A vs EECS 47D?
Need advice on courses!!!
DeCal course to meet 12 unit minimum?
Best place to get a beer/glass of wine &amp; do work?
Has anyone ever withdrawn from Berkeley for a semester or year, and if so, was it beneficial?
Healthy restaurants to eat in Berkeley?
when ppl ask where will you travel this summer...
Changing classes before Phase II begins
INTERNATIONAL BOOK EXCHANGE
People who have changed majors or career paths during their time at Berkeley, how did that go and why the switch?
school supplies?
Question about where to live (safety concerns)
I miss the old Berkeley...
Data Science Major
1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Apartment available!
minisuite
How do I get on the roof of any building on campus?
Does John Denero take autographs?
If Berkeley is such a dangerous city, what can you do to be safer? What can we do to change that? Interested in perspectives of people who are familiar with the area.
I'm sick of people complaining about people complaining about the city of Berkeley
How to get acquainted with Berkeley's resources as a transfer?
Cyber Security in CS?
For all those complaining about this school, city, and the problems within
Anyone Intrested in Fantasy Football
Registering for Classes
UC Freshman Co22 Discord server
I’m sick of people complaining about the city of Berkeley
Non-traditional age undergrad students
Any students here in MEng program for EECS?
lightning and thunder?
Careers Question
Does anyone else think the city of Berkeley is a negative force on the university?
foreigner interested in berkeley
French Bar I can watch the world cup at?
World Cup Final on the big outdoor screen at BAMPFA Sunday morning
Am i misunderstanding something? Can I minor without taking any lower div classes?
Changing majors as a transfer?
Getting acquainted with Cal's engineering/entrepreneurial resources?
Are the academic centers in the Units open over the summer?
What is your favorite boba shop in Berkeley, and what drinks would you recommend from that place?
If I want a research position in the fall, either through URAP or cold-emailing, when’s the best time to apply?
UC Berkeley admits 13,582 freshman for Fall 2018, for an acceptance rate of 15.2%
Interested in old books?
Easy/interesting upper division h/ss for engineering transfers?
Has anyone taken the Japanese placement test?
Least time intensive R&amp;C course
where to buy portable fan in berkeley
Looking for CS61a one to one tutor
You can help take down Heartland ECSI (UC system loan servicer)
You can help take down Heartland ECSI (UC system loan servicer)
EE16A versus Math54 freshman year?
UniversityofCali? Not anymore.
Is it hard to switch from College of Chemistry to L&amp;S?
Discord server for incoming engineer/cs transfers
Berkeley Marina RV dwellers forced to move
Discord invite for incoming engineering/cs transfers
Email or notification that Conditions of Admission have been satisfied?
World Cup Final to be broadcast on the big outdoor screen at BAMPHA 8am Sunday
[Serious] How do legacy admits work at Cal?
Anyone know anything about the Google Student Innovators Program?
Anyone else get an interview for the Google Student Innovator Program? (CS)
Official University of California Subreddit
How hands on are MechE classes?
The UC Berkeley Solar Car Team is currently racing in Nebraska! We are running a livestream.
Should I take Math 98 (adjunct) while taking Math 1B?
UC Minecraft Server
Fire on Walnut &amp; Univ. Avenue was getting big. Everyone OK??
Class of ‘09, just found this sub and wanted to say what’s up. Trying to steer my son the right way. Enjoy summer!
EE 16B after barely understanding Math 54
UC Minceraft server unofficial - help us
Intro Chinese Classes?
Any engineering/ee/cs transfers?
Entering Frosh Haas Hopeful
Where to get an old-school ice cream sundae, outside of Fenton's?
Should I email my advisor?
Telegraph Commons experience?
Telegraph Commons experiences?
Has anyone been to the Tang Center for counseling?
Finding a third class for Freshman first semester(EECS)
Raf Simons x UC Berkeley (?)
Is Math 1A/B and Stat 20 enough to be prepared for Stat 134?
When will T-Prep applicants know if they've been accepted?
What is it like being a GSI at Cal?
Part time job while in school
japan 1a
When does SHIP Waiver show on CalCentral?
ClickFunnels vs LeadPages (Why I Finally Switched) - Got Funnels?
Free birthday stuff!?
EE16A as substitute for Math 53 Prerequisite?
Registering for Decals
Graduating early from cal
GIG Car Share: A Nightmare
Berkeley now has the 6th highest rent in world, study says with SF number one.
Clarification about the week of August the 13th
Math 54 or EE16A (L &amp; S intended-comp sci freshman)
What does 50 and 60 mean in music classes on berkeleytime??
Waiving SHIP 2018-19
HONK SOUND
Major specific graduation date (2019)
Has anyone ever worked in an ASUC senator's office?
Berkeley in Popular Culture?
MCB W61 grades
Question for Transfer students who are in Computer Science
English class recommendations
How/When did you know CS was the right major for you?
Does the UC Berkeley transfer application look at high school ACT scores?
Dropping Classes during the Summer.
Haven't been receiving responses from recruiters like before
If you pay a power bill to PG&amp;E, then you can earn cash for being green! Hoping to spread the OhmConnect program here to you all
Absolutely desperate for help
Quiet places on/near campus to take a meeting call over the summer?
AP Credit?
Average Food Cost per Day
Suggestions needed: Philosophy 25A or Classic R44?
Are any of the original BSD guys still on the faculty?
Professor Bill Foster is teaching my Quantum Physics class. Should I drop it?
Professor Bill Foster is teaching my quantum physics class. Should I drop out?
I wrote a meme book about Berkeley!
help with choosing fpf courses
Should I skip Math 1A&amp;B to go straight into Math 53 as a freshman (civil engineering major)?
Graduated in May, but nothing to indicate that?
Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is heading to BERKELEY, CA on August 2 to host a recruitment information session!
Home for the summer? Like free food? Wanna meet Bears in your area? Then come to one of the Summer Welcome Parties!
Applied Math CS Cluster Scheduling
Getting credit for R&amp;C Parts A and B
failed an IB course.
Anybody have any stories about experience with PSI health insurance?
Ant-Man 2 has a pretty sweet nod to Cal
longboard trails (?)
Meal Plans
Counselors at the Tang Center + Homesickness
Caught On Camera: Berkeley Laptop Theft
we will wake you up and give you a free banana
Transfer Living and Learning Center
What are some fun/easy 1 or 2 unit courses for a first-semester transfer student
IB acceptance scores
quick survey on college tutoring resources
About nice places to eat on campus?
New meals plans for 2018-19
Work for in state tuition
Meal planning for off campus student
4th of July fireworks behind Skates restaurant, from Berkeley marina Sailboat O Dock .
4th of July 2018 at Berkeley marina
Physics major transfer questions
Summer Sesson: Econ 100A and Stat 134
ESPM 15
when do people get internships here?
I'm so glad Berkeley doesn't do affirmative action.
I'm so glad Berkeley doesn't do affirmative action.
Incoming freshman,Is ASTRONC10 too rigorous for my schedule? (Haas Hopeful) I will take Math 16A ESPM50AC ASTRONC10 and a decal first semester. Also could someone explain the weekly labs for ASTRONC10, are they done in class or as hw?
Cal Student Central not sending confirmation?
Freelance jobs as a CS major?
Nothing to do on 4th of July. Go to the city or solo hike to see the fireworks?
Plans for Majoring/Minoring; Worth?
UC Berkeley settles conservative students’ free-speech lawsuit
Tips for double majoring?
Learning Languages Without Signing Up for Language Classes
How hard is it to get into M.E.T?
How do you personally cope and destress with academic and personal stress at Berkeley, and what are things about the school and city/Bay Area that make you happy?
Do frats host parties over the summer like the ones during the semester?
CS 61B and CS 70 same semester?
BIO ENG 105 Engineering Devices 1
What just happened in downtown (Shattuck &amp; University)?
RD Philson - Laurens, South Carolina | about.me
RSF Group Exercise Class?
Class questions as a freshman
How long does it take for the CG G-8 Certification to process? Also how long does it take for the final high school transcript to be processed?
Renewed Cal Grant not showing up on my financial aid package?
Do people go to SFO often during the school year for internships, jobs etc
transfer switching majors phil to comp sci
Waiving SHIP
Is there a way to view AP scores through calcentral?
Isn't this too much?
Best GRE class in Berkeley
Surveillance Video Helps Catch Brazen Laptop Thief In Berkeley
Football season pass sale?
What is it like living 2+ miles from campus?
Download free Berkeley mobile stickers: iOS
Download free Berkeley mobile stickers: Android
Gov. Jerry Brown signs 2018-19 budget; UC receives $346.9M funding increase
WHEN PPL ASK U WHERE WILL U TRAVEL DIZ SUMMER.......
Any Transfer Econ Students?
Cs61a and 61b in the same semester?
Sup dweebs ... custom apparel here!
easy/fun breadth courses for L&amp;S incoming freshman
Which extracurriculars/decals to join to learn more about investing?
Is ASTRONC10 too rigorous for my schedule? (Haas Hopeful) I will take Math 16A ESPM50AC ASTRONC10 and a decal first semester. Also could someone explain the weekly labs for ASTRONC10, are they done in class or as hw?
IB vs. MCB
Has anyone taken ColWrit 130 (intro to creative fiction)?
Useful classes for CS majors
Does anyone have Math 110 solution pdf? I know there is slader, but official solutions manual is sometimes reassuring when checking answers... thanks guys!
Has anyone taken Theatre 118AC?
CS 61A bending me ova baddd
CS 61A bending me ova baddd
CS 61A bending me ova baddd
CS 61A bending me ova
MATH 1B over summer or fall? or Math 10A series?
Make sure to subscribe to the UC subreddit
Do you get more financial aid money in the form of checks if you waive SHIP?
Statistics vs Data Science vs Computer Science?
EECS
White dust falling today?
How is Stark's Reproducible Stats class?
Would you say that your time at Berkeley got better as time went on?
ship no longer included in net cost of attendance?
Will taking Philos r1b be too much for EECS freshman schedule?
What is the worst, or one of the hardest moments you've faced at Berkeley, and how did it make you stronger?
Do cal students really care about not wearing red at all?
how to replace lost clipper card
Heartland ECSI - Berkeley loan servicer - horrible experience.
Everytime I say “Go Bears” to someone they don’t say it back
New sub for Barbara Lee, Progressive Congresswoman from the California 13th District, current Whip and former Co-Chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and only member of Congress to vote against the authorization of use of force following 9/11
ESPM 169 Breadth
What kind of a mascot is a tree anyway?
Has anyone ever feared that they wouldn't "make it" at Berkeley in terms of their future career pursuits/declaring a major/graduating, even?
Am I fucked for getting into CS Scholars?
Have you changed your major late in the game?
Does anyone else feel like SHIP is a massive scam?
Was the police presence this massive when this conservative speaker came to campus? He claims 600 officers had to accompany him.
Study Abroad
A couple questions from a transfer student.
What is the party scene like over the summer?
What are your favorite boba drinks to get from the boba shops at Berkeley?
At what point is it best to start looking for work-study jobs/when is it too late to do so?
Any recent Cog Sci or Compsci grads open to a software engineer job in Socal?
Why does Berkeley have so many WMAF relationships?
Why does Berkeley have so many WMAF couples?
Thoughts on this? Idk it just cracks me up and makes me cri every time. Credits go to whomever posted this on our fuego memes page on FB.
Meal Points
Decent/Cheap Food on Southside?
Godammit HSBC.
ESPM 169 Breadth Advice
Current CS undergrad looking at Haas MFE
Cal sophomore Andrew Vaughn is named nation’s top college baseball player
Renting in Berkeley: What will $2,000 get you?
Participate in a research study incorporating technology into therapy!
Where can I find online records of cashed refund checks?
What was the happiest moment you had at Berkeley?
Make organizations working on diversity to compete to win a prize each year and publish a ranking. Is this going to help improve diversity? Or hurt ?
5th Year MS in CS?
Creating a "Home" at Berkeley
Is Hilfinger's 61B that much worse than Hug's
For emergency short-term housing situations, students can go to SafeTimehost.org
Policy Debate Partner Needed
Cal 1 Card photo
Current transfer students: what's something you wish you did differently in your first semester at Berkeley?
Best Internet Provider in Berkeley?
L&amp;S Computer Science Freshman Fall Semester Schedule
Anyone taken Film 180A(Introduction to Screenwriting)?
UCLA Gym?
Apple student discount
absolute unit
Is there anything about having lots of P/NP units?
In Memoriam: Fr. George Fitzgerald, C.S.P. 1932 – 2018 (Father George Served UC Berkeley Students at Newman Hall Since 1980- Passed Away Last Week).
What to do for fun up at Cal during the summer?
videotaping in bathroom
What do "Credit Restrictions" mean?
What is CogSci 1 like?
Trivia in Berkeley! Show us how smart you are at quiz - Mon/Tues/Weds nights
Could you guys suggest a good costume shop nearby with a good selection of Hats, Wigs, And Other fancy accouterments?
Suitcase Clinic and Party Safe @ Cal
All you can eat sushi in Berkeley
Berkeley in Summer
Summer Study Spaces
UC Berkeley alum fatally shot while camping with daughters. RIP Tristan Beaudette(PhD, Chemistry 2010)
RIP /u/notkmbabua
Computer Science Transfer Advice
There is now an /r/berkeley chat room. All normal rules apply in there. No spamming and no politics. If you get banned from the chat room, you will be banned from the subreddit.
Transferring to another community college only for a semester from a cc
Should I retake the class with F during summer or fall if I'm applying this fall?
Do I have a decent chance on getting back into Berkeley if I have to take Spring 2019 off for financial reasons?
Schedule Advice
Experienced premeds of Berkeley/former premeds who are now medical students or even practicing doctors, what advice would you give to younger premeds here?
Why does Berkeley admit students who will inevitably struggle?
All the Mexican workers at Starbucks on telegraph/Bancroft were replaced
Am I ready for EE126?
How Social-Media Trolls Turned U.C. Berkeley Into a Free-Speech Circus
How Social-Media Trolls Turned U.C. Berkeley Into a Free-Speech Circus
CogSci Major pursuing premed
UC Berkeley Golden Bear Orientation
Most Rewarding/Enlightening Classes You’ve Taken at Cal (Not Easiest)
Tech Innovation Ideas Contest - $1,000 in Startup Prizes!
Unable to waive SHIP for 2018-2019, website gives a cache not loaded error
I think I need therapy. How do I get it at Berkeley?
Anyone down for tennis?
looking for friends to skate with
Thoughts on EE 127?
housing medical form
Math 10A vs. 16A
What is it like being a GSI at Berkeley?
Has anyone ever taken the equivalent of an R1B/R5B course at a CC, and how does it compare with Cal's R1A courses?
Best/Most Enlightening Classes (Not easiest) You’ve Taken at Berkeley
UC Berkeley student in critical condition after DUI driver struck her
Course Question (warning: it's a simple answer but I need help)
What is it like being a GSI at Berkeley?
Has anyone ever seen Frenkel or Stankova together/in the same room/close-ish proximity wise on campus?
Has anyone ever seen Stankova and Frenkel together/in the same room/relatively close proximity wise on campus?
Housing Experiences
What english class do I take if I'm an incoming freshman in FPF that didn't pass the Analytical Writing Placement Examination?
What english class do I take if I'm an incoming freshman in FPF that didn't pass the Analytical Writing Placement Examination?
Recommended Breadth Courses
Easiest R1B Course?
Preparing for Courses at Berkeley
Uber vs Lyft: Which is Better in Berkeley?
Where to escape the heat?
Would things *actually* be better at UCLA?
Freshman in Upper Division?
Yoyoyo another class schedule question
San Francisco, Berkeley on AARP list of Top Ten “Livable Cities”
Take CS61A and CS C8 at the same time?
Class scheduling help
Advice on first semester frosh schedule?
Best Berkeley Student Discounts/ Deals?
Should I take CS61A or Data 8?
Places to study on campus during Summer session C
Really need advice on my schedule, conflicting classes that I need
Freshman Schedule and Final Exam ?
Does anyone hear a group of males running around, yelling, and breaking shit?
Learning/practicing mandarin
Housing Experiences
Cancelling Fall 18 Housing Contract
Good Schedule for Civil Engineering Student?
Failed to notify admission office about summer course.
We've got 30 people here at Pappy's in the back outside patio! We have strippers and live music. Show up!
Easy R&amp;C B courses?
Is anyone else getting exit loan counseling emails after completing the requirement?
Golden Bear Advising?
Best fraternities?
Have you ever been depressed at Berkeley, and if so, why and what did you do to resolve it?
Housing
Stats C8/88 vs Stats 20
/r/berkeley meetup TODAY! 5pm-7pm at Pappy's
Prefrosh Statistics Major- Question about Clusters
/r/berkeley Meetup TODAY! June 22, 5-7pm @ Pappy's
Yo prefrosh help schedule here plz :)
What is a good CS class for someone with no experience?
Pre - Haas English R&amp;C requirement question.
Is anyone actually happy with their living situation (off-campus)?
Manageable Freshman Year 1st sem schedule?
Tuition Fee?
D. Rob leaving Cal
ESPM 6 vs. NST 10 (BIO BREADTH)
What are some Drink special places around here on Thurs and Fri?
Global Studies 10B
View Major/Upper Division/Technical GPA?
Cal Grant not in portal?
Is 3.3X too low for resume?
Any recommendations of easy r&amp;c courses?
looking for cs61bl tutor
Restaurant/Other Promos
Coming back to Cal after over 10 years of absence.
The way that this film course is titled just speaks to me.
Math 53 vs Math 54 for first year CE student
Anyone need apparel for their club, Greek organization, sports team, etc?
Should I take Math 54 instead of EE16A?
You can take a take a UC Berkeley English class on Frank Ocean
Selling Clothes
EE 16AB before Math 1B?
Counselor recommended taking CS C8 first semester instead of CS 61A. What do you guys think?
Tea1 in Cory?
Incoming FPF freshman intended CS major, needing help with fall schedule!
Looking for advice on a reusable Boba cup/straw
Chat Groups Incoming Students
Should I take Math 1A before Math 1B if I get a 3 or higher on AP Calculus AB?
incoming freshman w/ a few questions
High School Job Shadowing
Bands at Cal
Decal
High School Student Shadowing
Should I take CS61A or CS10?
Doudna-Charpentier Team Awarded U.S. Patent for CRISPR-Cas9
Does Chem 1AL have a final?
IEOR 192- Berkeley Method for Entrepreneurship Bootcamp Housing
Is this reasonable for a first semester junior L&amp;S CS transfer? 61A, 14A, 47B, and HISTORY C157!
Classics Department Berkeley
Are econ advisors available over the summer?
Is Econ advisors available over the summer?
Internships for 1st year EECS students
Recommended Breadth Requirements for L&amp;S CS major?
Berkeley Landlord Accused Of Trying To Murder Tenant Over Unpaid Rent
What do you guys do in winter?
Any interdisciplinary studies majors?
Fun/Easy classes to fulfill Engineering H/SS requirement
Editorial | UC Berkeley financial aid advising needs improvement
Any veterans who transferred in Psychology degree?
Come up with a cool tech idea and help out this school study! $1,000 in prizes
EECS Minor
Come up with a cool tech idea and help out this school study! $1,000 in prizes
Berkeley Landlord Accused Of Trying To Murder Tenant Over Unpaid Rent
How I found affordable off-campus housing in Berkeley
L&amp;S Freshman Schedule advice (pls i tried everywhere)
just being a dumb incoming freshman and not knowing how class sign up works apparently
Unpaid rent causes landlord to plot and attempt to assassinate his tenant, IN BERKELEY
Berkeley Bowl
Confused about eTang
Don't just sit there Californians, urge the assembly and Jerry Brown to pass and sign SB 822
13 Fellow californians, net neutrality bill SB 822 is at risk of being rejected by the assembly and Governor Jerry Brown
Reduced Course Load Questions?
Transferring from CCC to Haas?
cs 70 before stat 140?
UC Village Family Housing Waitlist
Cal Berkeley repping at the World Cup!
CS 189/289 videos.
Freshman advice needed (please. pretty please)
online class first year? (psych)
Bad idea taking CS61A first semester freshman year?
L&amp;S Freshman schedule
How does RSF work? I'm here for the summer and haven't used it before.
Fractals in math class?
Fractals in math class?
Degree mill scandal at CAL admin
DSP and Testing
How to study for 61C efficiently
Best place for breakfast burritos??
Blackwell Hall Bourgeoisie
CS61A Spring 2018 Discussion Solutions
Any info on Nichi Ramen? It seems to be closed all the time.
What are my admission rates with these grades?
Math 10 or 1 series?
Does anyone here have a large whiteboard they don't need?
WWJD
CS 70 vs CS61BL Summer
When to complete the reqs
how to access 61a spring 2018 course materials?
Inconsistency on AP score due date?
Freshman AppMath and CS double major schedule
Is the City of Berkeley a good place to date?
When do I declare a double major / simultaneous degree?
Graduated?
Horrible enrollment time
Should I fulfill a Breadth req or do a freshman seminar?
Should I even take math 53?
How long is the Residential Parking Permit grace period at the end of the summer?
math 54 without math 1b?
What are some fun 1 unit courses?
Does anyone here have a large whiteboard they don't need?
Help a fellow Anteater! Tips on life in Berkeley
Can I take at class that ends at the same time another one starts?
How easy is CS10?
Fuck Carl Shapiro
Carpool from Vallejo to campus?
New (free) online course from UC Berkeley will make blockchain so clear ‘you can explain it to your grandma’
Fun places to chill at accessable by bart/bus?
Police worked with violent pro-Trump activist to prosecute leftwing group. Anti-fascist defendants in Berkeley case say police behavior shows ‘a pretty clear statement of choosing sides’.
L&amp;S C30T and S Asian 1A
Using medi-cal to waive SHIP
Using Medi-Cal to Waive UC SHIP
Pol Sci 1
Advice for Math 54
Cal ID scanners?
How do you guys respond to "How's Berkeley?"
Uc Transfer Credit?
How well can engineering science (mathematics and statistics) prep me for a master's degree?
How effective is Handshake?
How effective is Handshake for health-related opportunities?
Alexander Paulin or Richard Bamber for math 1A?
Alexander Pailin or Richard Bamber for math 1a?
I'm trying to organize a Beer, snacks, and board games night to meet friends.
Winter Move-Out
incoming freshman (psych majors help me out)
Describing Bay Area cities?
Big Design Hardware from 1995 : Scsi Drive 500 MB
Incoming first year wondering what classes to take
How Hard is Econ 1?
When did you guys start looking for your workstudy job?
Deciding between on-campus apartments for a transfer student.
A huge sigh of relief...
How hard is it to find a studio apartment/single near campus
Taking Math 54, no math 1B?
Question about Asian Americans and International Asians
Anyone taken L&amp;S W1 over the summer?
Math 54 without 1B
L&amp;S W1?
Looking for someone to hem towels (paid)
Public Health Major
CS 88?
Sharing from Berkeley Google Drive?
Taking Math 1B and Data 8 together over the summer
Berkeley law pre orientation experience? Worth it?
Returning to Berkeley Early
Outside of the homeless park and the rec center, are there any basketball courts around UC Berkeley?
Discussion section time listed as "TBA"
Taking chem 3a without lab
Adobe CC Redemption Code?
Which campus buildings are open over the summer?
Econ Transfers
20 yrs old and in need of a personally rented car!
Music describing my Berkeley Experience
Double majoring in Computer Science &amp; Applied Math workload
Microwaves on Campus
Sand Volleyball Play
International student early move in
BCC English Class Movement
Suitcase Clinic
Question about Golden Bear Advising. Thanks.
Move-In Time Slot???
Finding Parking
Is Applied Math/Data Science Double Major worth it?
From an incoming freshman: Go straight to Math 53 or "retake" Math 1B; and more...
Suitcase Clinic + Summer in Berkeley
P/NP CS 70 and did a few other weird things, still possible to declare CS / EECS Minor?
Do Community College Grades when Transferring Credits?
Can't find much on Political Economy, anyone here able to provide knowledge about it?
Cheap computer for you
Is this a good schedule for first semester Pre-Haas?
Undergraduate Physics at UC Berkeley or UCLA?!
4 stem courses
Phase 2 Enrollment
Better Teacher?
Light/fun courses to take with CS61A &amp; EE16B next semester
Serious Question: How do I get into Sugar Dating in the Bay Area as a male?
Any IB Majors?
Does class rigor matter for Haas admissions?
Taking 61A over the summer at Berkeley?
Most critical CS courses to take in your opinion?
Architecture 11A without Env Des 1?
Planning to transfer to UCB CS, advice?
Thoughts on L&amp;S W1?
Does Berkeley have a "tipped wage"?
AP scores
Class sizes for engineering science?
Two Quick Chem 1A/L Questions
Anyone use the UC Personal Travelers Insurance?
How late can I pay my summer session fee?
MUNCHIES &amp; Friends; Friends: Matty's Best BLT in Berkeley
CS 70 over the summer?
Econ Elective Question
Anyone one know Lisa Hirai Tsuchitani?
Can I take an R1B class fall sem?
Who to take for Math 53 Fall 2018?
Summer workload - R&amp;C, AC, Online
Why do all the departments disagree about linear algebra?
This is why I believe I was not accepted into UC Berkeley.. PLEASE. You are more than welcome to comment on the video explaining why or why not I was justified in my reasoning. (Keep In Mind: 4.67 GPA, 1510 SAT, etc.)
Commuting with the BART
This is why I believe I was not accepted into UC Berekely.. PLEASE. You are more than welcome to comment on the video and explain to me why or why not I was justified in my explanation. (Keep in mind: 1510 SAT, 4.67 Cumulative GPA, and more)
How to study at Berkeley?
Tips for making new friends at Berkeley as an incoming freshman?
STAT200 vs STAT201?
Advice for Prospective Public Health Students?
Is it safe to Phase 2 Biology 1B?
general questions regarding berkeley?
/r/berkeley meetup Friday, June 22nd. 5pm to 7pm at Pappy's.
Questions about choosing courses (Incoming Freshman)
Violated contract of admission: will my admission be cancelled?
Physics 89 with Analytis
Chem 96
Advice for a prospective CS major on how to prepare for CS 61A, CS 61B, and CS70?
Housing
do you get good internet connection with t mobile at berkeley?
Condition of admission
Is there a fire nearby?
The new cal central authentication is so annoying
Tips for CS 188?
Online summer classes financial aid
How do I maintain a relatively good GPA for premed??
Where does one go to get cheap beer?
Parties during Summer?
Best class for optimization?
What's Uc Berkeley's address?
Parking spots over summer?
English Classes at BCC
What is everyone's favorite lunch spot?
Physics 89 Syllabus
Advice for GRE Mathematics Subject Test
MacBook Pro for Computer Science Major???
Scheduling and Courses!
Applied math majors.
EOP people: what are the benefits of EOP?
Questions about living in the coops
Survey: What did you guys do during summer breaks in high school?
Reluctant About Coming Back
Which math? 10 or 16
Anyone else get endless hate and rude comments from people when they say they go to Berkeley?
XMCELLB 32 - James Smiley
Do people start looking again for a place more often in August
Reddit meetup day June 9th?
Has UCPD stopped including ethnicity in its reports?
Units for out of Berkeley research
Chemistry classes
Chat About NBA Finals
Graduated, how long can I use my AC Transit card for the bus?
If you find a dead bug on campus, do this...
How far is the commute from Hayward to campus?
Opinions on taking R5B over summer?
San Francisco bans sales of flavored tobacco products
University application with cancer background
Quick graduate housing question
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Bay Area voters OK higher bridge tolls to curb traffic
Can't drop class on Calcentral
[Aaron Persky recall] California judge in Brock Turner case removed from office
Cost of Summer Online Courses
Research Opportunities
Dumb idea?? changing majors
Dumb idea?? From econ/data science to neurobiology/data science?
How many Leadership Scholarship finalists actually get the award after all the interviews??
Major Prerequisites
When to start searching for housing off campus
Worth graduating 1 year early?
Math for Physics (Upper Division)
Congratulations to Cal's Tanner Dodson (Rays) and Aaron Shortridge (Pirates) for being selected in the 2018 MLB Draft
Official Summer /r/berkeley meetup! Tentatively on Friday or Saturday, June 22nd/23rd. Vote on your best day in the comments.
Just got harrassed by a (homeless?) woman.
is there an "official" major GPA?
Has anyone taken CS194-26?
Where in Berkeley to study during summer classes?
June 5 primary: What's on your ballot in Berkeley?
When did you figure out what you wanted to do?
Freshman Schedule
Can Data 8 be used to fulfill requirements for both Data Science and Business?
Men of Berkeley, how do you soften your beards?
how do you balance recruiting with grad school applications
Freshman schedule
What should a freshman do to have a good first year at Berkeley?
Will there be a website for summer CS70?
Econ 141
Research during the year?
Sup
Anyone willing to share their EECS 240 lecture notes ?
ESPM 6: Bio Breadth
Worth graduating a year early?
Should I graduate early?
Living by campus
UC Berkeley SJW Meltdown Over Exam 2017
Should I take SPAN 4 or SPAN 25?
Change Majors?
[Aaron Persky recall] Vandalism, threats, broken friendships: The heated campaign to recall judge in Brock Turner case
Should I skip Math 1A?
Skipping Math 1A/B?
Class schedule for Chem BS
Hack/Workshop Space?
What resources exist on/near campus for people to rent camping gear/kayaks/bikes etc?
If you don’t go to a California CC, is transferring to Berkeley pretty much impossible?
MATH 1B over the Summer
Anyone got a tech internship or even a job after only having taken CS61A &amp; 61B?
Which Neighborhood advice wanted
Can someone help a confused transfer student out?
Environmental Psychology Survey: Comparison between California and Australia
getting an internship now?
Going Back to Berkeley For Summer
How is living in the coops?
I need some advice (Fall transfer student)
What is a Course Number?
Grad students
u/Snowyknows Appreciation Post
Has anyone switched to webpass/Google Fiber?
Super Duper Burgers to open 1 block away from UC Berkeley campus
Anybody have answers to waive 2018 SHIP?
Down to the wire between Ucla and cal
An Argument for Pure Sex - As God Intended
An Argument for Pure Sex - As God Intended
Commute from Pleasant Hill to Berkeley
Shrooms or lsd connect
favorite place to get a drink?
What should the difference in financial aid be when changing from on-campus housing to off campus housing?
Majors
thoughts on bamman’s nlp class?
Roommate threw a frozen beer in the microwave and completely destroyed it.
Is anyone going up to Berkeley in SoCal by car?
Commuting to Daly City
Does Berkeley's VPN work for The Great Firewall of China?
Student housing may come to Telegraph lot after decadeslong vacancy
Undergraduate admissions office fax
Undergraduate admissions fax
About to be a junior and still haven’t made a single friend..
How much are you paying for housing, and what are you getting?
Will I get rescinded?
Cheese Board is celebrating its 50th anniversary on Sunday, during Sunday streets. Free food!!
A question about MET + EECS Program from high school student
Should I join a frat at Cal?
How can I figure out whether or not I would like computer science?
Ask Berkeley: Best Hip Hop &amp; Latino clubs, events, lounges to attend for first time visitor?
Volunteering in education + animal science
FPF people - Did the FPF tuition of $2050 get added to your cost of attendance yet?
Southwest Airlines apologizes to Cal coach after she says employee asked for proof biracial son was hers
close places to donate blood?
Will my dual credits transfer or count if I am out of state?
Alternatives to Berkeley's Letter Service?
Vote for the name's of the new peregrine falcons
My landlord is a snooper
IB code for submitting results to Berkeley?
4 teenagers detained for allegedly robbing woman at South Berkeley bus stop
Lawrence Hall of Science celebrates 50 years of science, math education
freshman class size?
Southwest pushes Cal coach traveling with biracial son for 'proof' she was his mother
lost junior :/
Lost Incoming Junior
Any Alumni here that majored in English? What have you gone on to do post-undergrad?
I was getting KFC...
My aunt's friend is a Tesla recruiter
Taking UC Berkeley Extension Genetics - Any way to study for the final well?
Dermatologists and places to do blood work?
Are you premed? Please do not fall for this scam
"The President of the Associated Student of the University California should just have a seat on the Berkeley City Council."
Anyone down to play tennis?
California debuts ‘digital’ license plates. Here’s what they’ll cost you.
Easy and/or fun 4-unit electives to take?
Thoughts on James Analytis?
Amber Cummings is hosting "No to Marxism in America 2" this August
CS without Linear Algebra
Hey Berkley - Our startup app needs your help! (offering $20)
Activities over the summer?
Who taught Math 104 with category theory sprinkled in it?
Summer Class Refund/Drop Policy
Adopting a dog- costs and logistics
Is Imperfect Produce worth it??
Transfer to Berkeley Inquiries
Is there a Machine Shoulder Press in RSF?
Are letter grades transferrable from other UC's?
Foreign student studying a course based on your cs61c. Need help.
Is there a way to find people at Berkeley that play an instrument/want to jam in summer?
POV of a Neurobiology Major?
Had a nightmare about 61A
Am I screwed for getting into EE16A?
What's the deal with summer session finals?
Groceries budget of $30/week/person?
Rockets Fans in Berkeley?
Difference between honors courses and non honors courses?
Cheapest groceries: Trader Joe’s vs Safeway?
Is there a skatepark on campus?
Berkeley Tap Water pH and water hardness
Does anyone have tips for incoming freshmen interested in applying to Haas?
Need 4 holes drilled on my new skateboard
When do transfers need to sign up for their classes?
Prerequisites for Math 1A?
What day and time do you guys have for phase 1?
Any math courses specifically helpful for CS?
Planetary Science Major
Can anyone offer a perspective on the proposed construction on the west Berkeley parking lot that may have been an Ohlone shellmound?
What's been your favorite class at Berkeley so far?
Classes
Is a double major in Data Science and CS too redundant?
Can I still SIR to Berkeley?
Berkeley hammered by six armed robberies in just three days
Anyone still looking for a marketing-related internship ? hit me up (pay is great, based in Redwood, boss is awesome)
Did your kid get placed on a college wait list? Don’t hold your breath
UC Board of Regents approves loosening of qualifications for in-state residency
Anyone almost get rescinded from Berkeley?
Montague's Sandwiches appreciation thread
Proposed amendment to state constitution limits UC autonomy
Do departments other than EECS hire undergraduate TAs?
I'm absolutely terrified of attending Cal in the fall.
Pappy's has liquor again!
CS61b vs CS47b for Transfer Student
What’s your favorite Berkeley restaurant for dinner?
Summer Waitlist Chances
Role is not eligible for Visa sponsorship, BUT I'm on OPT
Berkeley's rates of sexually transmitted infections reach record high
Can I still SIR?
Elon Musk rants on twitter; somehow involves and rips on Berkeley "rich kids"
Does anyone have a pdf version of the book "Optimizing Models" by Laurent El Ghaoui?
How did cs189 go?
Gomush &amp;#8211; Free the Music Inside You
Transfer from Berkeley
Trying to take CS 61c over the summer, flying from NY to SF. Possible?
Cal Grant hold question
Summer Session CS 61C Questions
Summer Parking Options
Why are Political Economy majors forced to enroll in 20 units of foreign language?
GPA for Law School
[Survey] Help! Need current STEM students for short survey, chance to win one of three $50 Amazon gcs.
Gold Residential Meal Plan
Sleep habit inquiry
Residence Hall or Apartment?
Summer course refund
Looking for the best quick breakfast/coffee open at 6:30
Looking for the best quick breakfast/coffee open at 6:30
Housing
Scheduling issue/question thing
Animal Liberation Conference : May 23-29th, 2018 - Berkeley, CA
Can you transfer credit from AP score to breadth requirements?
Roommate Search
I'm applying to Cal next year, and the more I learn about it, the more impressed I am with this university.
Favorite memories from Berkeley?
Clubs
Cant recieve email - Joining the Berkeley Facebook Group
Graduating Early
Where to access serger in Berkeley?
Berkeley financial aid health insurance question
6 UCPD officers facing possible termination for hanging out in Evans Hall
How is the Fall Program for Freshmen Experience
Tips for someone living in a Unit 1 triple next year?
Does anyone live in/know someone who lives in the Casa Bonita apartments?
SF mental health startup - looking for part-time intern starting in August
Bay Area Cornhole Tournament Supports ALS Research June 2, 2018
Students lobby in Sacramento for bill requiring access to abortion services on campus
Fire Nick Weaver post on 61C Piazza page
Question about L&amp;S?
Final grade was 94.5% but professor gave me an A- - what do I do?
Ok I just think of something really stupid but this is kinda funny
x Fall Program for Freshmen ain't all that (but it ain't all bad)
Comparing life at Clark Kerr with life at units
UCB or UCSD for Cog Sci
UCB vs UCSD Cog Sci
Does anyone have a spare "150 years" poster from general commencement or Cal Day?
Entertainment jobs with CS degree?
SHIP Waiver Answers
IEOR 162 in the Fall
What does "Honors To Date Dec 15 2017" mean, as listed on my Academic Summary?
Antifa Activists: California Anti-Fascist May Go on Trial
Residential Parking Permit
Is Berkeley UG Major Advising available over summer?
Berkeley disability rights group alleges mental health discrimination by Stanford University
What do you know about the Health Guardians of America?
Transfer Student: How likely is an admissions offer to be rescinded?
Anyone know anything about ASAMST W20AC or ASTRON W12?
Interning during fall/spring semesters?
Freshman course load for CS L&amp;S?
Sociology Major Experiences?
Does Berkeley consider Spring GPA for transfer applicants?
Does Berkeley consider Spring GPA for Transfer applicants?
How do you contact a FA officer?
Is a Double Suite in Clark Kerr worth the extra money over a triple?
Got off the waitlist but meeting my deadlines is impossible?
What are my chances of getting into CS?
Easy breadths?
need clever ucb puns
Just moved to Berkeley, where to make friends?
RSF access over the summer?
Transfer student: how to find out what classes I need to take and how to sign up for them?
Berkeley 5th semester?
As a rising senior, I wrote an article about Cal's 2018 graduation and my advice for when you're feeling lost or in doubt
I Need Academic Help
Freshman class enrollment help?
does Berkeley mail physical acceptance letters to waitlisted kids??
Guide to housing options in Berkeley
Heartwarming (at least to me). Thought I’d share. This is my Berkeley admission next to my one of my grandma’s assignments, dated back to 1947 when she was a student there. I love that I have this new connection to her. And I like to think she’s looking down, proud of me. 💕
Advice for public health major application essays?
LFG Quake Champions
About Unit 3
Mat Sci 45 or BioE 10?
Is there a fridge in martinez apartments???
Freshmen and transfers, please post your courseload and housing questions in the Megathread!
Confused on registering for classes...
Freshmen and transfers, please post your courseload questions in the Megathread!
Is a graphing calculator ever needed?
Parking for UC Theatre
Is this a realistic courseload for a pre-econ transfer student?
Advice for Mechanical Engineering courseload (freshman)
I'm coming in as a political science student and I'm a bit worried about the political climate at Berkeley.
Is Cognitive Science the right major to study HCI/UX Design?
Advice for Public Health major application essays?
Transfer student feeling regretful about my major, Political Economy. Can someone offer advice?
Freshman Advice - Engineering Courseload
Transfer Housing Chances?
Seminar units question
Transfer Edge — Workload?
Anyone taken Astro W12?
best format for calid?
How is Foothill Suite Double everyone?
Schedule/Course Questions
Would IAS 157AC count as three requirements for EECS majors?
Three peregrine falcon chicks banded on the Campanile, will fly in June
Makerfaire Tomorrow!!
Anyone have experience living in Unit 1 Minisuites
Summer Sublet Single
Anyone ever get their $300 housing offer waived?
Greek Blood Drives for 2018-2019 School Year
Former Cal Athletic department staff member accused of sexual assult and abuse
Any commuters here?
Anyone have any experience with getting $300 housing deposit waived?
Rhetoric department graduation @ 9am
GETH housing
Got a B in CS61A
Letter exposes 22 lab animal deaths at UC Berkeley from 2015 to 2017
How to Prepare your Child for College
unit 1 triple
Housing - Blackwell Hall !!!
Can we get a housing megathread?
How to transfer!
SHIP Questions
What's Clark Kerr like?
Interviews for The Achievement Award Program (TAAP) and/or the Kruttschnitt Aspire Scholarship Program (KASP)
What can I do if I can't afford the $300 housing payment?
SHIP Waiver Question
Incoming Freshman: Bowles Hall vs. Clark Kerr Triple
I DIDNT GET MY HOUSING OFFER YET???? WTF IS GOING ON
GETH Housing
So how's Unit 3?
CS 70
unit 3 triple
Do students admitted off the waitlist also get mailed acceptance packets?
Does anyone know how/when Cal Grant A awards are distributed?
Unit 2 Mini-Suite Triple Question
stern...
Programming Opportunity Over The Summer!
Math 53, 54 and 61C
Options for Math 54 after not passing?
Housinggg
Roommate just took off without paying rent.
How hard is it to declare Cognitive Science?
Do CS 61B Grade Bins shift?
Any commuters here?
Power outage caused by squirrel affects more than 5,800 customers in Berkeley
RSF access over the summer?
How to embezzle ASUC funds
Are there any SQL decals or courses?
am i screwed
Can't add class anymore?
Beware: Reasons why College Students Quit
Ok. How does one join The Order of the Golden Bear?
Are there any places to play pool on-campus?
The Berkeley Skull and Keys Society, 1899
What is the likelihood that I'll be able to transfer a class that is not included in the articulation agreement?
Summer courses at a different 4-year university
FPF kids, does the FPF fee show up on the cost of attendance of your financial aid package? Or does the school just cut the $2k from grants?
Looking for information on the Business school
World Cup Soccer Viewing
AP Comparative Gov and US Gov?
Deferring by dropping classes on the first day and applying for readmission?
Econ transfer Spring 2019
Would I have enough time to join the Cal band?
UCI vs UCB
trade job classes question
Berkeley EECS or UCSD ECE?
Crowded, crumbling classrooms—will one-time cash infusion be enough to fix the University of California?
Any (Male+Asian) students graduating and want to donate their Cal ID to a good cause?
What to do with parents/family after graduation?
[rant] STAT133
ME 108 with Komvopoulos
Is 16+ units too much for first semester of freshman year?
2 shootings occur in Berkeley over weekend
Hi Fidelity, Berkeley's newest marijuana dispensary, officially opened Saturday
UC Berkeley Drone Policy - Recreational use restricted to RSOs &amp; courses, $1M liability insurance and flight logs of incidents for UCPD
In regards to Chem BS
Do UC Application Changes Back in November Get Processed
What happens if you didn't pass a class meant for breadth?
L&amp;S CS Appeal Success Stories?
Taking Bio 1A without 1AL?
Boosted board around Berkeley
Scheduling advice for incoming CS-intended transfer
Any mold experts around here?
Scheduling advice for incoming CS-intended transfer?
Bowles Hall Freshman Acceptance/Waitlist?
FAFSA verification
Fall 2018 drop deadline is Wednesday, September 12
137A workload?
dafuq is LaTex
Random Roomates
Transfer Switching from Math to Physics
Declaring but not completing a second major?
How Hard is the CS Minor?
Got a C in Math 1b. Should I fail and retake it?
Hearst Museum opens digital portal to its entire collections
EECS transfer: Questions about summer classes
Would anyone be interested in a React.js meetup?
Campus buildings with fast internet? (exc. Soda)
Kinky merch
Lil B spoke at BAMPFA last night. Why couldn't he do commencement?
CHANGED CALNET ID BY ACCIDENT
Earthquake?
Thermodynamics and E7 over summer?
Graduated in December - no diploma yet; any December grads get theirs in the mail already?
Advice for acceptance
How does one forward their mail from the dorms to current address?
Is Cal Mail down? I'm an alumni and when I try to sign it I get "account has been disabled" messaging?
Indoor places to sit and eat if your own lunch?
How do summer webcasted classes work?
Taking R5a/R5b at the same time?
Families seen falling asleep during commencement ceremony
Looking for undergraduate chrome extension developer
Is premed as stressful as they say it is?
Forgot to return keys to Unit 2
CS70 Curve
Drop a class and add a new one?
some relatively easy L&amp;S Breadth classes?
How do you know if you should transfer out of Berkeley or stay?
2 departments' commencement speakers withdraw, citing union boycott
Is it possible to graduate Cal in 3 years?
Helicopter circling over campus
GRADES
How much do CS61A grading bins change?
What is Berkeley's Holy Hill?
Able to take Physics 105 concurrently with Physics 7C?
retake Engineering 7?
Keeping berkeley email account after graduation
Berkeley social aspects
Under what circumstances should someone transfer, like when it is more worth to stick with Berkeley and when is it not?
Did anyone take History 101 this semester?
Have a 3.3 GPA now, want to increase it to a 3.5 by the time I graduate, how do I do that?
RSF access for graduating seniors?
EECS Waitlist Admit, should I be terrified?
College of Engineering vs College of Chemistry
Looking to join a student sport
SAP Maximum Timeframe as a transfer
Under what circumstances should I transfer out of Berkeley?
Continue on probation?
Continue on Probation
Is it normal to feel super nervous before my first semester at Berkeley?
Should I be super nervous about CS61A?
[$25 Amazon Giftcard Giveaway] - Phone Loss Market Research
Who has the harder workload, the pre-meds, engineering students, or CS majors?
Anyone in the Demography minor?
Laptop or PC
Looking for someone (he is 7'2")
Question about conditions of admission
Housing Portal Only Gives Option For Summer?
Do graduates generally wear their leis to the ceremony itself? Or do parents just give it to them at the end?
New concept drawings hint at vision for People’s Park
How difficult is it to get research/internship opportunities?
No friends at general commencement
Children's book drive adventure for Bay Area Women's and Children's Center!
Waitlist admit financial aid
Test post
Former Cal men's basketball player speaks on dismissal from team
Math 55?
WiFi for alums/visitors?
Online dating is harder than ever
Is it hard to switch from College of L&amp;S to the BioE/MSE joint major in College of Engineering?
Curbside Pickup for Cooperative ReUSE
From high school degenerate to one of the best engineering programs in the world.
Anyone know what this thing they gave out in GBO is?
What were people's experiences with withdrawing?
Am I screwed
Probably getting a NP in a class - how screwed am I?
Has someone ever made an app/script/program/extension that notifies you when a grade gets posted on CalCentral?
Has anyone been rescinded for IB exam marks?
Unpopular Opinion: People spend way too much time complaining about grade deflation.
Experiences in Stat 133 and EN RES C100?
Summer Math 54?
Since it’s the end of the year... what’s the greatest thing one of your professors ever did?
What are your favorite memories from Berkeley?
Co-ops for summer Loth vs HiP?
Terrified incoming transfer
I just failed of 2 of 4 classes in my exchange semester, going back to Europe tomorrow. AMA!
Top 5 Must-Watch Tennis First Round NCAA Matchups; NC State vs Cal
Free rides to and from UC Berkeley, with Waze Carpool
majoring in econ with no highschool econ
UC Berkeley student startups address global terrorism after Nice attacks
The angriest emails the Daily Californian has ever received
Any suggestions for how to store some stuff?
Finance at Berkeley?
Are there any CA community colleges where I can take Physics 7a equivalent online?
Good first date restaurant in Berkeley/surrounding area?
Does anyone else think it kinda sucks that there's an empty lot right on Telegraph, across from Amoeba
The best time to be sick.
What's with the Tang Center? Where is Clinic 1?
CS 170 vs CS 188?
Did anyone get a cost of attendance much lower than the ~36k standard cost on their financial aid package?
Any one who has done the pre engineering program (Prep)?
Can I Get Into Cal
How likely is it that I can transfer into the CoE?
Finals at Berkeley
First time taking finals at Berkeley
Can someone dumb down the process of picking courses? All I see are numbers and letters.
What is the Lowest Possible GPA at Cal?
Changing Housing Selection
Grade distributions for CS70?
Which is a better college to enroll in: UC Davis or UC Berkeley?
How can I give the university a "screw you" for essentially scamming me out of $100?
What dining halls or Caldining options are available today?
Anybody in Berkeley want a free 24 hr pass for those Ford go bike ride shares? I’ve got a few I’m not using
Judge says no proof of "witch hunt" against BAMN's Yvette Felerca, facing felony charges
Taking classes at Berkeley City College
Why are most RSF lockers always locked?
Got in but received no financial aid
Housing help
When does Dwinelle open?
Extremely confused about the priority housing of freshman recently accepted off of the waitlist. Please help.
Feeling worried about upcoming 61b final
How likely is it that I can transfer into the CoE?
Question about AP credits as an incoming freshman
Incoming freshman, a little psyched out about the 3.3 GPA requirement to declare CS. Any good tips?
Strategy needed! Any way to get away with schedule conflict for summer classes?
Possible to transfer after 1 year from another university?
How much money should a first year undergrad be expecting to bring?
Renting a place without seeing it?
What are my prospects for a double major at Berkeley?
Freshman schedule?
Berkeley Summer Experience
UCSC or UCB for English?
Should I waive SHIP?
Time Management and Life Advice Help?
video marketing secrets exposed 2
Question as a veteran transfer ?
Longtime fighter graduates as a National boxing champion
Looking for an article
Berkeley keyboard sticker pack, also available for Android!
Is it possible to take E7 as an L&amp;S student?
UC Berkeley or UC San Diego?
Crossing San Pablo on Virginia with a bike.
Failing and Retaking a Class
Should I do premed at Berkeley?
How competitive are study abroad programs?
Favorite assigned reading/book you’ve read here at Berkeley?
Sentiments from a recent applicant
EECS Brand name
How legit is this Berkeley Haas Global Access email I received?
Green book for finals
If your professor gives you a problem set over RRR week, are you obligated to do it? Doesn’t this go against the whole point of RRR week?
How does FPF affect financial aid?
[SERIOUS] Transferring to Haas competition
double majoring
Brown's serving food during strike?
What are your thoughts on the naked run?
US Sen. Kamala Harris withdraws from delivering commencement speech
Commencement speaker Kamala Harris pulls out due to the labor strike
How does the Berkeley community feel about the balance between open personal data on the net, and privacy?
I got off the waitlist!!!!
Biking in Berkeley
Math 54 and Data 8 over summer?
How do we pickup cap n gown? Bought online
2018 University Medalist Freja Ekman
Has anyone done a Fall/Spring Term internship while living in Berkeley? How was your experience, and would you recommend it?
Thoughts on Simultaneous Degrees in L&amp;S CS and Haas Business? Is that even possible?
Unit ceiling problem for double major
Can we have [Serious] tags for posts?
Sleeping before exam
This protest
Please stop smoking on campus
What’s it really like to be an English major at Cal?
Sociology 1 with Sandra Smith
Physics PH.ds?
Math 10B with Talaska
Questions regarding CS jobs/internships
My Ex-Lover Is A Rapist
How is taking Stat 134, Math 110 and Math 104 together?
AP tests
Feel like I might not pass Data8. Will I still graduate?
Berkeley parolee arrested in rape of teen girl, and sexual assault at Cal dorm
What do people wear at berkeley?
EECS 5 year masters
Free: LSAT Trainer textbook
Questions about HKN and summner classes
Accepting offer of admission and then backing out?
From Cambodia’s killing fields to commencement at UC Berkeley
Need ideas for summer
What are some good snacks you can quietly eat during a final exam?
Looking for interns for a start up in the East Bay. Where should we post our info?
Will a data science major still get me the same jobs/internships as CS majors?
How competitive are applications to top phd programs for Cal students?
Thoughts on summer schedule for incoming transfer?
Is it too late to late-drop, and in what circumstances is it advisable to do so?
Transferring to Haas from CCC in a year instead of two?
People “rapping” behind unit2
english class recommendations?
How quickly do super easy summer classes fill up?
I'd consider it a step in the right direction
Recommended place for summer school students
Berkeley parolee arrested in rape of teen girl, and sexual assault at Cal dorm
Dead Week Just Ended!
Dead Week Ends Today!
How bad is it to NP a class
Pro-Gun Argument
To the alumni outside California(or students who have internships outside Cali): where y'all at? how much has Berkeley helped you get there?
Anyone see these (unsurprising) allegations against fraternities at Cal on Piedmont?
Naked run?
What are Haas undergrads like?
Mint Sim vs. Cricket Mobile
Books about Berkeley in the 1970s?
I'm super sad right now, can I talk to someone?
Incoming grad student... applied for Fafsa but on my CalCentral even though the financial aid page is up for 18-19 school year it still shows I was not offered loans. Does this info take a while to show up? When can I expect to be offered loans?
Jupyter computing platform, created by UC Berkeley professor, wins Software System Award
Start Yout Online tutoring for fellow student today
Switching from chem bio to chem eng
Intermediate Econ Theory Tips?
‘Do you value higher education?’: UC students lobby in Sacramento for more state funding
In Berkeley for one day, need a place to work out
Does anyone have experience taking classes as a "non-degree seeking student"?
[LA Times] On the grounds of People's Park, UC Berkeley proposes housing for students and the homeless
Housing for transfers
Berkeley City to Issue City Bonds on Blockchain in a Pilot Program
Wifi keeps connecting and disconnecting?
UC Berkeley or UC Santa Barbara for Physics undergrad?
How hard is it to transfer to Cal as a junior from an out of state 4-year university?
How screwed am I for Math 54 (Paulin)
UC Berkeley student government debates defunding College Republicans as punishment for Free Speech Week
Berkeley Food: Horrible?
What are your thoughts on Berkeley's lack of race-based affirmative action?
Club Recruitment for Incoming Transfer Students?
Berkeley police arrest man on suspicion of peeping, masturbating
Why does Cal handle housing and finances so poorly?
What makes people happy here?
New UC Berkeley plans for People’s Park call for student, homeless housing
Anthro 3AC
What are the most practical/applicable courses at Cal?
Laptop thief near Strada Cafe escapes despite bystander efforts
When are placement exams? help
Any astrophysics majors in the house?
MCB Track 1 scheduling question
easy math to take?
Cal worth it over state school for CS(not EECS)?
Northside Residents - Who's the Homeless Guy on Euclid?
Help me find the Naked Run
I was recently accepted as a transfer, but while looking at the schedule it seems most classes in my major (Poli Sci) are full already. Do they usually open more seats later in the summer? Just not sure what to expect.
Does anyone know anything about UGBA 96 (Data and Decisions)?
how do i renew my adobe subscription?
What is class registration time based on?
Should I take CS 61B if I have no intention of majoring?
Worth transferring from SLO to UCB (Statistics) ?
We all get to go to school in such a beautiful place
Report of the Chancellor's Commission on Free Speech
Got a housing offer for Unit 2, had a few questions...
Will Stat 88 open up more seats?
Summer exploring to-do list?
OPA UC Berkeley: Of Every 100 Students
Is it easier to be admitted into the college of engineering if you are female?
Why are E25, E26, and E27 2 units??
Can I take physics 8a and 8b at the same time?
Phase 1 EE16a?
Why does my physics 8a have the same time for lab and discussion?
Parking on Campus in Summer
Thoughts on the Arabic classes?
Recently got into Cal. Yesterday met this fella on a hike. It's a sign.
Berkeley Laptop Thieves Captured On Video Punching Good Samaritan
UC Berkeley plans to construct housing in People's Park
What were your best experiences as a freshman?
Does anyone know when the naked run is?
Freshman/Sophomore Schedule Input (Interested in Haas, CS, &amp; Political Science)
Does anyone have a doctoral cap+gown to lend/rent?
Summer Session Swap?
When is the naked run
Cuatro De Mayo lunch at Alta Bates hospital
Whats Civil Engineering like at Berkeley?
Question about Swap function and waitlist on Calcentral
After years of hands-off policy, UC plans to build housing on People’s Park
How do I bring a cat to college?
UC Berkeley Fall 2018 Bio 1A class
Man arrested in connection to 2 sexual batteries near UC Berkeley
Do diplomas arrive the same day for everybody?
Anyone have experience with online summer courses?
I added a class on accident in CalCentral and cancelled it within 5 minutes. I got charged $100 for a Summer Cancellation fee. Who should I contact to get this removed?
Pheels good to be Done!
IEOR 160/162 questions
Questions about Bowles Hall for Bowles Hall Residents
exceeding unit cap for fall 2018
ECON 100 series vs ECON 101 series
Sake near campus?
Transcript Issue
is it just me, or are the older white staff at safeway community markets always super rude?
Entrepreneurial engineering resources/opportunities at cal?
UC System Excels in Graduating Poor Students - The Atlantic
Spanish 25 vs. Anthropology 3AC
Conditions of Admission?
Bridges Transfer program.
Chem 3A Final with Vollhardt
Enrollment in 2 Hours! Need help deciding between Stat 20 or Stat 21
Looking to transfer to Berkeley for EECS
Stat/Prob 140
RSF group exercise classes over the summer - does the schedule change alot?
Stat/Prob 140
Get free Waze Carpool rides and help Berkeley climb the Carpool Madness Leaderboard
Will not passing my AP / IB exams get me rescinded?
Will not passing my AP/IB courses get me rescinded?
Entertainment at UC Berkeley?
So I got robbed...
Pre-med at Cal
How Likely am I to be Rescinded?
Are there any DeCals that prepare you for CS61A or CS in general?
Is Bcourses down right now?
Bcourses and Calcentral not working for others?
Internships for Berkeley students as math major?
The people of People's Park
UC Berkeley struggles to find sympathetic court in CRISPR patent appeal
Incoming freshman looking for Computer Science tips! pls help me
Stat 20 + Econ 100B?
L&amp;S CS GPA Cap Increase?
With my admission be rescinded due to a Cancellation of Planned Courses?
How to Send a Copy of Official Transcript
Unique prehaas situation (concurrent enrollment)
Philosophy Department
How does meeting with L&amp;S advisors work?
Schedule Advice
How's grade deflation at Berkeley Math and Physics?
PSYCH 117 or 137?
Is bCourses down for anyone else?
Ohlone Greenway partially closed for Albany homicide investigation
Does anyone have experience with petitioning to waive a requirement?
Question about AP credits.
How is Chem1A for a first-year with little to no experience in chemistry?
I'd like to file a complaint
Experiences with Adderall?
What is the easiest R&amp;C A class?
UCPD releases photo of suspect in early-morning Unit 1 armed robbery attempt
Housing Confusion
Questions on Global Edge
any marxists in town?
UC Berkeley conservatives allowed to proceed with free speech lawsuit against campus
Is it worth it to take classes at Berkeley over the summer
Tech entrepreneurship
Missing first week of class
Media studies major
Which courses should I take in the summer? Which courses should I save for fall?
Freshman Housing: Roommates
Commute Berkeley to Sausalito
Need Help Making an Extremely Important Decision Related to Berkeley Very Soon
EE 16A or Math 54?
MEETUP IS BACK ON. Indian Flavors Express is open!
[incoming freshman]: Is it possible to change your roommate after submitting the housing application?
What do I do if I really need two tickets to May 12 commencement?
[Meetup Canceled] Indian Flavors Express is closed today.
Opinions on first semester schedule needed
Does anyone know of any cheap, relatively clean/okay hotels in the area that will rent to an 18 year old, or any secluded places I could sleep at for the next 2 weeks or so?
Study Abroad
Housing options
What do you wish you had done before you graduated?
Are commencement tickets sold out?
Late Dropping after the Late Drop Deadline
Did anyone have a really good time at Berkeley?
[Official Berkeley Meetup] TOMORROW, April 29th, at Indian Flavors Express. 12pm-2pm.
Transfer students! Please submit your simple questions in the sticky Megathread. If you have a more complicated question, feel free to submit your own thread. Welcome to UC Berkeley!
Opinion on taking easy classes for breadth requirements?
Parking Situation?
Please help. Transfer student
Is there a Cal Day for transfer students?
Op-Ed | What UC Berkeley students should know about grade suppression
Transfer Student Declaring Major
Freshman Pathways
Summer Transfer Edge Program Q's
EECS 127 Before CS 189?
Is it worth choosing Berkeley despite cost of living?
Is the Daily Cal really that bad?
CalCentral Phase I Dates?
IEOR 172, CS 61B questions
Which classes should I take to be able to answer these questions?
Schedule help... Physics 7b, CS61C, CS70... Doable?
Chem 3B/L + Bio 1A/L + Physics 8A next fall?
Chances of Getting in as a Waitlist for College of Chemistry as a Transfer
How did you decide between UCLA and Cal? (Poli Sci transfer from LA)
Thoughts on the self incrimination scheme’s of CS classes?
Valuable Minor/Major to pick up alongside Econ major?
Got accepted as a transfer from another UC!! But question...
Will I be rejected for not completing this class?
Bored and Lonely
Just got accepted as a transfer, but no foreign language proof for College of Letters and Science... will my admission be rejected?
Research Publications
Will I be able to meet the 3.3 GPA cutoff for CS?
Waitlisted for transfer, any advice?
School of Chemisty vs. School of Letters of Sciences?
Experiences with the Tang Center?
Best way to get research positions for next year?
Non-Depressing, Unconventional Places to Study
How hard is it to transfer from LA to Berkeley for physics?
Freshman admitted to the College of Natural Resources: Tips?
Minor to pair with a major in Economics?
UC Santa Cruz vs Berkely CNR
I made an app that notifies Berkeley students when a class has an open seat
Open Mics/Places I can do comedy?
Applied Math: CS vs. Data Science Major
Petitioning major credit
Freshman Rooming as Regents
Advice for when all waitlists are full for major classes?
Daniel Acland Econ 100A or Raymond Hawkins Econ 100B?
I made an app that notifies Berkeley students when a class has an open seat
Questions regarding the Data Science major
CS research over summer for freshmen?
Questions about living in Martinez
Question about enrolling in CS170
Help help help need advice
Summer Workload - CS61A + CS61BL
The great Michio Kaku at UC Berkeley
EC Recommendations for Transfer Students
This survey will help people who drink coffee and the effects it has and it is for class. Thanks?
Best Place to watch the NFL draft?
The Virginia Bakery is closing down😭😭😭
housing form
UC Berkeley vs. Boston College
How do I stop being depressed as fuck at this school?
i am scared for summer
How hard would it be to double major in Data Science and Econ?
Can't get into DS 100? Who to talk to?
How hard would it be to double major in Data Science and Economics?
Why does the Daily Cal suck so much
Best LSAT prep course in Berkeley?
Introductory Environmental Science Course?
How is Towle Hall (Unit 2) Socially? And which housing has practice rooms for music?
Math 53, 54, and CS 61C in one semester?
College of Chemistry
Questions about Maximino Martinez Commons academic year rates
Social life and mini-suite dorms
How do people here find software internships?
late drop and financial aid
Recommendations on Engineering Courses
Strictness of Guest Policy
The Hive S01E05: Succ'ing it with Kanye West
Did any of you get rejected by UCLA before getting accepted by Berkely?
Did/do your HS grades matter for internships/clubs?
Breadth recommendations
Recommended Psychology and Education Classes
Getting into CS 168/188/189
How accurate are the AP Exam credit distribution on the Berkeley website?
Haas vs Economics
Practicing Piano
NUSCTX 10 Advice
calnet id
I am a brother in a "high profile" unaffiliated fraternity and am going inactive next semester. AMAA about that unaffiliated/frat life.
People who chose Berkeley over Cal Poly SLO (EECS vs CPE), what was the deciding factor in your decision?
I am a brother in a "high profile" unaffiliated fraternity and am going inactive next semester. AMAA about that unaffiliated/frat life.
Do you have to register/pay for summer courses if you're just getting units for an internship?
SLR MISTAKE! [HELP]
Does U.C. Berkeley offer online classes?
Ashton Whitty Alleges That Family And U.C. Berkeley Exiled Her For Being Conservatives. Is it true?
EC recommendations for Transfer Student
Tech infosessions
Anyone have a organic chemistry stick and ball model set I can borrow?
The Berkeley List [Please recommend more unconventional places I can add!]
Taking UGBA196 (Personal Finance) - how easy is it?
Living in Berkeley for Summer.
LA Times wrote a small piece on furry boi being elected to ASUC - "driving some people nuts"
How much emphasis is put on your past uni rank for grad school at Berkeley?
How much emphasis is put on your past uni rank for grad school at Berkeley?
Any recommendations for classes that teach implementation of note-taking/organization/task management/etc.?
I wrote an article on artist brand development for all the musicians out there! Hope it helps ❤️
Parking permit for non-residents subletting?
Need help picking a philosophy or sociology class. Help!!
Majoring in Cognitive Science
How many roommates can you request?
Podcast with Alex Filippenko!
How much does regents matter?
How much does regents matter?
What are the chances of transferring in as a Computer Science major?
Do online courses count for Cog Sci major requirements?
Petitioning E7 for IEOR
Berkeley transfer students
No phase 1 -- Office of Registrar goofed. What do?
Anyone take MCB W61 before?
Chem 1A UGSI
Safety/UCSF Children's Hospital
Waitlist for CS61B over summer?
Natural Science elective for EECS?
What do dual enrollment course grades from HS count for?
Do you need to take Berkeley Summer classes to use UC Berkeley Summer Housing?
Summer Edge Courses
Excessive Lockouts
Come out and support humanitarian efforts to help the current crisis in Venezuela, on Sproul Plaza, Wednesday at 12pm. Things to buy, see, and people to talk to.
any transfers i can pm?
Which Unit is best??
Chem 3AL
Question: freshman paying deposit
PS 179 Final Study Guide: Follow Up
Anyone transfer from cc after a year?
Chemical Engineering @ Berkeley?
Think I left my backpack on the glade this weekend. Which lost and found should I check out/who should I ask about it?
Questions about the MCB-Biochem Track
Anyone in an interracial relationship?
Spotted at Cal Day 👀
Cal Day 2018, go bears!
How often do bikes get stolen on campus?
What's life like after you graduate?
Sexual assault on residential Berkeley street
Is this a good selection for freshman dorms?
Dwinelle Navigator
Summer Classes and Research
getting a job in UX from Berkeley?
Anyway to prep for Chem 1A?
Another view of 4/20 Memorial Glade, this time from the Campanile!
CS61B at another college?
Questions about cs61c with Dan Garcia
Memorial Glade at 4:20pm yesterday
Chem 3AL Lab Final
Pls take my afx tix
Free Anime/VG/Movie Music Concert 2: Electric Boogaloo
7 units in one summer session?
Choosing between UC Berkeley and Caltech for Math
ECON 141 w/ James Powell Question!
I get to interview Professor Zvezdelina Stankova next week; do you guys have any questions you'd like me to ask her?
I get to interview Professor Zvezdelina Stankova next week--do you guys have any questions you'd like me to ask her (about math, Harry Potter, and everything in the universe in general)?
How hard is it to take above the maximum amount of units?
I am still waiting for my acceptance letter(transfer) but I received an email to apply for an Alumini scholarship. Am I allowed ot apply for this scholarship even if I did not receive the acceptance letter yet?
Safest Units
Berkeley Coops and having vistors
Do you regret going to Berkeley for premed?
Research Interviews/Summer Classes
How would I increase my chances of getting accepted as transfer from CCC?
Lecture attendance
Theme Programs
Elmwood Cafe owner explains why he chose to shut down the cafe - ...the business had made efforts to rectify the 2015 incident involving Bell, but “ultimately failed. And for that, we are deeply sorry.”
Best place to park on Cal Day?
How does one become a wearer of the Oski suit?
Overview of University of California, Berkeley
Schedule for Prospective CS Major at L&amp;S
I made a Berkeley + Oakland Live Music Map you should check out
New space for competitive video gaming comes to campus
Elmwood Cafe abruptly closed
CS 70 + CS 61C (w/ Dan Garcia)
Chemical Biology Major Experiences?
Physics Abroad
Chem 4A vs Chem 1A
Junior rushing a frat - Thoughts?
Sociology 1 (Swidler) vs. 3AC (Kelsey)?
Out of these Cog Sci classes, what would you recommend?
SURP and Research
Physics classes for next semester? (thinking of 137a but not sure if this is a good idea)
EE16b having only taken Math 54?
How do I gently tell the ee16a course staff that the webcasts are borderline unusable?
cal day apparel??
Do UCBerkeley-Extension grades show up on UCBerkeley Transcripts?
New Podcast for Civil Engineers/C.M./Architecture Students
Registering for Commencement
What do you normally call this university?
Chem Bio Premed?
How the hell are non-greek people getting around on Cal Day
RSF access over summer?
waitlisted: should i report 1st semester grades?
ps 179 link
ps179 link
There is something seriously wrong about UC Berkeley.
what class to take over the summer
Greek Theater security
Which entry way
Our Berkeley | Office of Planning and Analysis - See Average GPA by Major and more!
Why are there so many news vans on campus today?
Does Professor Pete Marsden webcast all his lectures?
New Sequoia Apartments
The SF Shock and NRG esports are incredibly proud and excited to announce a first of its kind partnership with the #1 Public University in the country.
Hundreds of UC Berkeley students refuse to leave fields of Coachella
Housing advice for readmitted transfer student
Is CS61A hard?
Thoughts on the Daily Cal's editorial today (4/17) about a squirrel being elected to ASUC Senate?
Change in senior schedule??
Premed at Cal
Cal Day?
Community College Transfer Stories
Nearly 70% of energy produced in the US each year is wasted as heat, and comes from things like computers. Engineers at UC, Berkeley, developed a thin-film system that can be applied to sources of waste heat to convert such heat from electronics into energy, as reported in Nature Materials.
Why Berkeley
Prepping for CS 61A
Where to smoke weed at night?
Has anyone heard of the course AFRICAM 134?
Fun, Easy Acting Opportunity for Gamer/Nerd-types, $25/role!
I get to interview Alex Filippenko tomorrow! Are there any questions you want me to ask him?
Do I need a community college 4.0 gpa to re-admit from a withdrawal?
Best bathroom on campus?
Can we get a master thread of free things/services at school?
CNR MEB —&gt; L&amp;S MCB
undergraduate update form
Data Science approved as an L&amp;S major!
Are residence halls remain open during summer break? Does the fee on the website include housing during summer break?
Forget tech’s bad bros: Stanford, Berkeley boost female computing grads
Interesting review of Cal Berkeley. Sounds pretty accurate
Whats it like taking 4 technicals?
Yo, please help me not fail
Fortnite event at cal - 4/28
PS 179
Easiest major for GPA at College of Chemistry
Fin Aid for Transfers
How is Berkeley's theater program
Blockchain Career Fair on April 18, 2018 @ International House, UC Berkeley
Summer Sublet
I Went to UC Berkeley and Apparently Saw More Black People Than Anybody Ever Has There.
CC Transfer: Thoughts on Political Economy?
Summer Sublet
Summer Sublet
Summer Sublet
Food
Switching math majors?
Curious about what your grade is before the end of the semester? Use this spreadsheet to calculate your grades!
CS70 or EE16A
especially for any girls on this sub - did you use facebook to find roommates?
CS 61A
Wanted: Summer Math/EE Courses Advice :/
How can I find some amateur/pickup soccer leagues?
Is it possible to graduate in 2 years after transferring from CCC with CS major?
Is it possible to test out of intro CS classes as EECS major?
Linear Algebra at CC credits will transfer over? Math 54 for EECS?
CS 61C with Dan Garcia?
CS 61C with Dan Garcia?
Storing stuff over the summer?
On-Campus Jobs
E7 Course Assistant Positions
Transferring from SMC to UC Berkeley as a junior transfer for computer science or computer engineering(or anyone for that matter who has transferred to UC Berkeley from SMC)
Where did you guys live during the orientation?
looking to apply after community college, not sure if i'm cut for it though
I/O Psychology Work Experience Survey
MET
How's your undergraduate experience been at Cal?
Incoming freshman :)
Thinking about a BioE minor
Does anyone else hear that siren/ringing noise?
Can anyone recommend an International Studies breadth?
Cal Day Bids
Has anyone taken Stat 159?
Policy on non-music major instrument storage?
CS 70 With Sinclair?
Transfer
Any rhetoric majors here? Any rhetoric classes you suggest?
Cal Day College of Chemistry question
Is Sproul Hall open on Sundays?
Working in Tech as Haas or Econ major
How does transfer credit work for international students?
Best Boba places near Cal?
How does dorming work?
Should I take CS 61A this summer if I already took MOOC "Introduction to CS and Programming using Python" on EdX?
Class of '22 Discord!
Incoming freshman :)
Summer EMT certification courses in the area?
Tips for an incoming freshman?
Anybody satisfy Stat 134 with a class at another university?
Schedule Advice
How should I go about deciding what I want to do?
IEOR Investment Survey for Amazon Gift Card
Intro to Piano Classes
Does anyone else relate?
Co-ops during the summer
Concert at Greek Theatre
Help a rising senior choose his last classes.
EECS Losing ABET
UC update form help. pass / fail classes.
IEOR schedule advice
fear of the unknown - nyc vs cal
Campus clubs/organizations active this summer?
H-hewwo I'm honored to be your new senator uwu
Transferring Experiences
Congratulations to Furry Boi for winning a spot in the ASUC Senate!
Should I submit statement of legal residence if I’m not califronia resident?
How to create a CalNet ID?
How dumb would I look if I were to ripstik across campus
Even an "easy" workload feels too hard for me...
Any Kings fans trying to watch the game tonight?
Who was the girl dancing through campus blindfolded while listening to music?
Cal ranks #2 Best Value - Best Value Colleges 2018: 300 Schools Worth The Investment
How does applied math compare to orms?
In my transcripts, should I report only grades indicated in my UC application or all grades (including PE, etc.) ?
Incoming law student looking for housing/roommate(s)
Restaurant in berkeley similar to Raising Canes?
Online Summer Classes
Getting my M.Arch Degree at Berkeley CED, what should I know and are there any tips you can share?
Did anyone attend the "senior weekend" as an prospective freshman?
Data Science: The other CS major
L&amp;S CS Freshman Schedule
Has anyone gotten a SURP interview?
Advice on neighborhood to live in - 27 y/o non-student?
Is there a fishing club on campus?
co-op parties this weekend?
Berkeley Housing
Berkeley EECS CCC transfer - chance me / need help
Internship for international students
ASUC budget allocations for the 2018-2019 year– KASA allocated $19,300, despite being primarily a social club.
Pieter Abeel's research group
Bioengineering transfer to EECS?
Should A Black Student Choose Berkley?
Why do 85 C, Paris Baguette, and Sheng Kee all look the same?
Berkeley Time
Poli Sci 179 help
Interested in a second bachelor's degree (CS or EECS), and considering UC Berkeley for one of my university choices. What is the usual or best plan of attack for admission with my background?
Any Berkeley Law students here to chime in?
Current Berkeley student? Fill out our short survey to help improve campus systems!
Is it possible to switch from L&amp;S to Engineering?
Thiết bị bếp nhà hàng, bếp khách sạn, bếp quán ăn, bếp công nghiệp
Why I chose Berkeley
Difficult to get research in CS/Math in undergrad?
free meditation class tomorrow 3-4 @ wellness room in moffitt
UC Berkeley named of the best-value colleges in the country
Why I chose Berkeley
Needing 1 upper-div unit to graduate.
Accepted M.Eng offer!
Freshmen Roommates
Fun suggestions for a visiting Brit? Interesting events/parties?
Waitlisted and I have an option... Need help deciding.
Why are the lower-div EE classes at Berkeley so bad?
Bucket list of my 10+ yrs at Berkeley. You need to have a @berkeley.edu
How many people live in each apartment in Martinez Commons?
Who has transferred here from CCC?
Is Berkeley Welcoming To Black Students
Berkeley's beloved Virginia Bakery closing
Making computer animation more agile, acrobatic — and realistic
Upper div CS classes for computational physics?
EECS students
Finding a Roomate
Berkeley Innovation vs. Innovative Design
FREE CONE DAY At Ben and Jerrys
New Pre-70 Mathematical Maturity Decal – Thoughts?
Physics 5 vs. 7 vs. H7 sequence?
Bio major ranks on difficulty of admission?
Bio major ranks on difficulty of admission?
Can AP credit allow me to enter with sophomore standing and register for classes early?
Fuck the ASUC.
CS70 this summer
Suggestions for introductory CS level classes
AA in Berkeley? Preferable close to campus (or something similar doesn't specifically have to be AA)
What is the general commencement like and is it worth attending?
is there an official "major GPA"?
Any MPH students here? I have a few questions
Calc advice for EE126
New athletic director hired from Air Force
Recently got accepted to Cal. What's the best reason for me to *not* attend?
Can you help me with my questionnaire on feelings and self-perception?
Desperately need help in CS 70.
Desperately need help in CS 70.
CS 70 Past HW Solutions?
Cal Day: what events should I attend
Double majoring in Hass and L&amp;S?
just struggling :(
Jersey Boy asking about Berkeley Coop housing.
Haas classes for undeclared junior?
Canceling DUO 2-step verification for CalCentral?????
Late Drop Policy
Make a sustainable choice: Buy GMO food
Major and minors?
How does Berkeley's programs for international students differ from other colleges?
Berkeley is nice
Survey for a Master's project on Uber/Lyft
What do you all think of our “work hard, play hard” mentality here?
Florida Registered Agent
Free meditation classes at Cal (open to everyone)
How much should you expect to earn from a tech internship ?
CS70 and R1B
Housing Horror Stories?
What are the co-ops like in the summer?
Haas BASE program worth it?
Something to do tonight
Comments on Astro 7A/C10?
Cal Day Frat Parties
Berkeley isn’t that bad after all
Designing a world for generosity.
Info 159 w/ David Bamman
Anyone have experience in the Share Economy?
Anyone want to study together tomorrow (Sunday) for the Chem 3A midterm?
Is it safe to wear Stanford merchandise on campus?
How does engineering in Berkeley compare to UCSD?
Using my student loans to buy ripple (XRP) cryptocurrency
Accidentally Changed CalNet ID
Best options for hosting a website?
Polite burglars
Is LSCS overly cut throat?
Undergraduate research at Cal
Undergraduate research
Is there grade deflation in the graduate school?
UC Berkeley staffer suffers chemical burns in Wheeler Hall assault
do I miss out a lot if I don't go to cal day?
Withdrawing From Berkeley: International Student
Day in the life
How is Fenwick Weaver's Village?
Heads up for local space enthusiasts / entrepreneurs: CEOs, space investors, Berkeley / Stanford professors, industry pioneers to discuss future visions of space development at Space Tech Symposium in Berkeley
Heads up for space enthusiasts: CEOs, space investors, Berkeley / Stanford professors, industry pioneers to discuss future visions of space development at Space Tech Symposium in Berkeley
Microbiology... how is it? (pre-physician assistant)
Is there grade deflation in the Graduate School?
How likely am I to get a Foothill double if I put it as my first choice?
Buying an iPhone charger on campus?
Who do I vote for?
67 Questions with CS Professor Pieter Abbeel
Is it a disadvantage to Berkeley majors that want to get into IB on the East coast because of its location?
So, how much do you pay for rent?
Any recommendable online Berkeley course?
Walmart Boy Yodells for Cal Day &amp; Coachella (presented by ASUC Superb)
Sign up to go on a cool trip with your friends!!!
Easiest classes to meet the requirements of the second half of the Reading and Composition? Requirement?
Taking EE16A/61BL or 61A/61BL over summer?
Can a freshman get a single or double?
Vegan Deli the Butcher’s Son Snags Maker’s Common Space in Berkeley
Anyone with experience teaching English oversees?
Should I use IB credits
Chances of getting in???
BA Architecture CED - Opportunities? Double Major?
IAMA Request: someone who has pet a squirrel
How hard is EE127?
Killing black squirrels. Legal?
Best place for phone interview on campus?
Math 110 after EE127?
GpA hElP
Good places to scream on campus?
Where should I stay when I come visit campus?
Looking for student with ADHD willing to share their story
What to do and where to go.
Music 116A Audition
Has anyone gotten an interview for SURP yet
Summer Course at Berkeley on Nordic Culture
Beer Festival in Oakland, CA
Is Stat C8 Foundations of Computer Science offered Fall 2018?
Looking for jobs/internships? 1st Ever Blockchain Career Fair in the Bay Area on 4/18 in Berk!
Looking for jobs/internships? Blockchain Career Fair 4/18 in Berkeley.
SUPERB podcast about Cal Day, Coachella, and Emma Watson
Looking for Math Classes advice with regards to 104 &amp; 110
UCB vs UCLA
Campus Eyecandy
unit 1 housing
Haas or Econ Major?
Should I choose Berkeley or UCL (UK uni)?
Berkeley police arrest home invasion robbery suspects
Ways to get some quick cash (like experiments etc)?
So Is It Wise for me to attend Berkeley as an Undeclared and then later on Try to Switch into Comp Sci?
Which major makes more $ long-term: premed, EECS/CS, or Haas?
Business Fraternities
Materials Science at Cal
This Saturday at Sunol... get to know your wildflowers!
I created a circle in /r/CircleOfTrust titled "GO BEARS"
anyone in an interracial relationship?
Is Cognitive Science a decent major to pursue as a PreMed student?
Going to Miss Golden Bear Orientation
idk :/
Taking Haas Classes
CS70, am I on track for my target grade?
Vacation during Summer Session
Apply to be an Advising Fellow for UC Berkeley Matriculate! Message me for info about BOBA ON US on Friday, April 6!
Taking CS61B during the summer(at another university?)
Freshman On-Campus Housing?
Setting up a CalNet ID
Choosing Math Classes
Skipping a Midterm?
Berkeley Waitlist Offer Binding
Should I avoid James Sethian?
Quick Housing Survey
One more question about Berkeley waitlist
Is double majoring CS+Stats in 3 years stupidly unrealistic?
Torrenting on campus Wi-Fi with NordVPN. Worth it or nah?
Calnet ID?
Help in Creating CalNet ID?
Go Berkeley or USC Pre Med?
Hacking class?
CS 61C professor calls blockchain bullshit
Mountain lion seen at UC Berkeley’s Clark Kerr Campus
The hidden crisis on college campuses: 36 percent of students don’t have enough to eat - The Washington Post
Berkeley Looks to Ban Contracts With Immigrant Database Builders: Berkeley, Calif., is considering shutting out of city contracts companies that help federal immigration officials create databases and registries used to target immigrants and religious minorities.
Why do most graduates prefer off-campus housing vs in campus housing?
Masters Programs at Berkeley
Is double-majoring Stats+CS in 3 years completely unrealistic?
I’m going to be at Berkeley on 4/20!
Cal Mobile Background! Made for S9+, but should be able to be cropped for any phone
Music 132
Taking accounting classes as an Econ Major?
Incomplete classes...can I still graduate?
SF State -&gt; Berkeley?
How much will I want to die if I have this schedule for the fall? (Picture of Schedule Included)
Berkeley vs UCL (UK Uni)
Common Majors FAQ for Freshmen (Haas/CS/Econ/MCB/Premed)
Strawberry Canyon Fire Trail
Anyone have any cool classes without papers?
If you could give your your freshman self a piece of advice, what would you say?
Admitted in the Fall 2018 but defer to Spring 2019?
AP / IB
Any Pre-PA students at Cal?
Hey! Can anyone help?
Are mixed gender rooms allowed in the coops? (Loth)
Not using AP credit to test out
Random visit?
Should I go to UCB??
When do degrees get mailed for Fall 2017 grads?
How do majors work at L&amp;S?
Are Math 1A, EE 16A, and CS 61A too much for one semester?
To improve air quality, Berkeley considers saying ‘no’ to 4-way stops at intersections
Where do you get your Adderall?
concerned about business programs
Mixed gender rooms in Coops?
Question about good, cheep food around campus
USC vs UCB??
L&amp;S CS / Haas
Transferring from ChemE to EECS?
Cal L&amp;S CS vs UCSB CoE CS
Has anyone taken Philosophy 12A , a summer online course, or Philosophy 12A online during the summer? Please give some insight and advice.
Double major in Civil Engineering and Architecture possible?
UC Berkeley accidentally sends admissions emails to pool of applicants
Berkeley vs NYU Stern? Thoughts?
Is the Overnight Stay Program worth it?
How do I get into the Haas School of Business?
Cal vs Duke for Economics
ORMS vs. Applied Math
The Pros and Cons of Berkeley
Materials Science at Cal
Does E7 help with Math 128A?
Does E7 help with Math 128A?
College of natural resources (MEB)
If you have 2-3 minutes, I would greatly appreciate if you could help me with a survey!
Class of 2022 Admitted GroupMe?
Economics major at Berkeley?
UCB vs. USC
Do grades you get in summer classes taken at other UC campuses during the summer transfer back to Berkeley?
Question about Rescinsion
How much of Math 53 (Multivariable Calc) do you actually use in Econ 101a?
Question about rescinding
I’m going into my freshman year at Santa Barbra high next year and wondering what I need to do to get into somewhere like Berkeley. May someone please give my some tips? How good do I need to be?
eyy next sem's classes r online
MIT/Stanford/Berkeley Grad School
Questions about Cal Day
Question about Fall Program for Freshman and/or Global Edge London (and the waitlist in general)
How do you guys pronounce ‘Sproul’?
Can we take upper div econ classes if we aren't an econ major?
Berkeley worth it for out of state? (Going into finance)
Lack of funds
Former Cal PG, Jason Kidd inducted into hoops HOF class
Former Tang Center employee dismissed from sexual harassment lawsuit. (Please click on this article to help an innocent person clear his name.)
What's makes eecs so great?
David Hogg isn't alone: UC acceptance rates are shockingly low
[Course Advice] Psych Major
Has Anyone Had Raymond Hawkins for Econ 100B ? How was he?
Flexibility in changing college, major?
Housing
I thought it was supposed to be easier to get into Berkeley as a transfer. What's with these admissions stats?
Newley Admitted Student Possible Blunder
Will I get my admission rescinded over this error?
Pre-Nursing Roadmap?
Cal L&amp;S CS vs UCSB CoE CS
[Course Advice] Psych Major
Simultaneous Degrees in EECS and Math possible?
Parking at the Greek 🌱
Experiences at City College?
Ap credits for L&amp;S?
Has EECS become the new Wharton?
Change in AP tests
Looking for Mobile Developers to do a Summer Project
is anyone getting really bad allergies?
Berkeley Undecided( Likely Bio) or GaTech BME, where to go ?
How to get a CalNet ID?
How to visualize the fourth-dimension?
Psychology major
Is L&amp;S CS good?
Berkeley reddit meetup Sunday, April 29th. The Sunday before Dead Week starts.
Member of the Berkeley College Republicans tables with "RADICAL AGENDA" shirt, the podcast hosted by neo-Nazi Chris Cantwell
Berkeley EECS AP Credits
financial aid?
Tips for the waitlist essay?
With acceptances coming out, host an incoming freshman in your dorm with the Overnight Stay Program!
I Got Accepted !
Any current students who were waitlisted last year?
CalNet ID?
Check your registration date, it's out!
FRESHMEN! Please use this sticky thread for your simple questions!
Fall Program for Freshmen, any input?
College of Chemistry to Letters of Arts and Sciences??
How do I know if I received Regents?
How hard is it to transfer into Haas from College of Letters?
Reasons why Cal is the best?
I just got in, what now?
UC-Berkeley magazine blames gun violence on 'white men'
What happened to overheard @ berkeley?
Why's the transfer acceptance rate here so high?
Living Next to /Near Frats
What happened to the Overheard page?
Day In The Life at Berkeley
Can you still get major credit for courses you get an F in?
CS 61A offered online through a CC?
Fieldwork brewer and co-owner faces felony assault charge for alleged road rage incident
Frat House Summer Housing
Summer experience in the coops?
Is it too late to apply to co-ops?
Wallet stolen while abroad with Cal 1 Card and AC Transit ClassPass in it
Lost Keys
Workload in co-ops
Survey Help!!!
Housing Price Baseline
When's Phase 1?
EECS/CS: Night time tech job/internship?
Signup as College Ambassadors and help Students
Advice on EECS courses as a graduate student
Happiness of the student body at Cal
Oscar Wilde Coop versus CB?
I'm trying to transfer into Berkeley, but have a few questions.
Transfer student question about extracurriculars
I've applied to over 50 internships through Handshake and haven't received a single interview offer. I have a near 4.0 and a resume that's been reviewed by the career center. What could I be doing wrong?
CS Internship on Short Notice
Survey regarding ride/car sharing on campus. Potential gift card for taking it!
UC Berkeley EECS
it takes 20 seconds, i'm helping a college friend, only 6 questions
To Engineering Students - Freshman Personal Statement?
Berkeley police arrest 5 men after sex assault bust with 5 teenage victims
I don't deserve to be here.
Can I be an Engineer in L&amp;S
Summer storage
Do Berkeley students really go farther in life than students who went to CSU schools?
Anyone else getting financial aid revisions?
Housing at UC Berkeley
We got a chance to podcast with Luis Mora (undocumented student who was detained by ICE)!
Comp sci and pre-med at Berkeley
PinkBox Donuts to Berkeley
where do you guys buy cheap merch
Anything fun to do over spring break?
Fun things to do over the break?
In recognizing the 150th birthday of Cal, I just want to say that I’m thankful for...
V&amp;A Cafe is trying to sell alcohol
Fucked up on P/NP
The University of California is born — The University of California began on March 23, 1868, when California Gov. Henry Haight signed the Organic Act, setting in motion the audacious idea that California should have a great public university
If I don't want the police to get involved with an issue of domestic abuse/violence, can I have the school handle it and give proper punishment and make sure we don't get put in same classes?
How Architects Built Berkeley #Berkeley150
What is your typical day like at UC Berkeley?
Happy 150th, UC Berkeley!
most fulfilling/ easiest / best R1B or R5B course?
Plans for a huge food truck marketplace in Berkeley are in the works (nearby San Pablo and Dwight)
In ruling for victim in UCLA attack, California Supreme Court says universities should protect students
A good mid-range laptop to last at least the 4 years of college?
Old bearded dude in Cory/Soda/Moffitt often studying CS - anybody know much about him?
CalCentral down?
‘Histories of racism, colonialism and exclusion’: UC Berkeley moves forward with attempts to change controversial building names
UC Berkeley moves to change controversial building names
[survey] SAVE MY LIFE: do you have thoughts about The Handmaid's Tale and binging tv? Love it, hate it, all of the above, I need your help
If you aren't reading Hari's columns on Thursdays, you're missing out
UGIS Commencement
MPH is it worth it??
Free: 7'x7' grey sectional couch, large portable dishwasher, queen futon + frame, and tall Ikea lamps in South Berkeley
Help needed regarding Job prospects in IEOR...
Need some help from my fellow Environmental Engineers!
Need some help from my fellow Environmental Engineers!
I miss Berkeley and the co-ops :(
I hate my sorority... how to make friends outside Greek life if I drop?
Co-op experience: Sherman Hall
Things to Consider for Housing
What counts as "industry experience"?
Quizzes grossly unfair? (rant)
Staying on Campus
Summer Session for COMPSCI 61A and 70
Rare photo of Turing Award winner David Patterson testing the first RISC processor [1980, colorized]
Cal Innovates 2018 | 24-hour hackathon April 14-15 at Clark Kerr Campus
Do most leases start June 1? Will the ones that start Aug 1 come out later?
Poli Sci 179 note share
[#17] Did you just get into Berkeley? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
David Patterson, pioneer of modern computer architecture, receives Turing Award
[Harvard versus whorehouse project] Pop quiz - which professor at U.C. Berkeley is known as the Whore of Berkeley?
Does anybody know this young man?
Are New Sequoia Apartments Legit?
What happens if you take less than 13 units now?
Something’s Brewing in the (UC Berkeley) Lab: Beer Without Hops
Bowles as a Sophomore?
Cloyne Court Experiences?
Summer Internships?
[Rant/Question] What do People do After "Umbrella Theft"?
Will taking a class pass/fail hurt my chances of getting into grad school?
Moving to Berkeley for Cal Postdoc - Comparing to Boston
behati prinsloo
Question about Haas and unit requirements (transfer)
Seeing a performance at Zellerbach hall tomorrow. How early should I arrive to pick up the tickets?
Contesting "Parking Violation Notice" From Alameda County but that also states "AC Transit"
Community college courses for breadths?
Advice on Data 100
What percent of incoming CS undergrad students end up not making the GPA minimum to stay in CS? I can't seem to find any stats of this online...is it large?
Should I accept a job offer I don't want just to be safe?
Potential job wants to know GPA. How do I tell them that I'm not dumb, CAL has the worst Grade Deflation ever?
Conducting a survey about student mental health on campus. Your response would be very helpful for us to figure out what actions we can take to try and make positive steps to de-stigmatize mental illness on our campus.
Can I ask a teacher to give me an F for a class from last semester?
Can you negotiate work study pay? And can you go over your work study limit?
Berkeley requires AP testing for admitted people?
No really, how bad is the competition for CS?
Anyone have experience with Garden Village?
Did anyone get rejected from UCLA?
Do people really use the Fb rideshare page? Trying to get to LA sunday 3/25, posted several hours ago but no replies
Must watch!
Opinions on this video? (UC Berkeley Nutrition major dropping out, video explains why)
I love Cal
UC Berkeley to launch new campuswide app despite concerns from ASUC
Withdrawing money
How to Live Without Your Phone for a Day
Is Moffitt 4/5th floor open 24hrs, even on Saturdays and Sundays?
Hi r/Berkeley! We're a team of business students from Boston University. We're creating a new tent for a business plan project. We would love it if you took our survey about tents!
Linguo playing Gilman tonight! Come check out a great set of punk &amp; indie rock bands
Rent Increase Question
What do you guys know about Berkeley's Foundations of Data Science, the university's newest professional certificate offered by edX?
Thoughts on taking E7 in Summer
UC needs to be transparent about who gets in
Psych summer classes?
Housing Transfer Process
Linguistics at Berkeley?
Garden Village?
Where to eat for Commencement Dinner?
Question regarding the DSP program
Summer Abroad notif
An Open Letter to Governor Brown, President Napolitano, and the UC Regents and Chancellors
Allen Ginsberg's 'Strange New Cottage in Berkeley'
Care to help a fellow student by completing a quick survey? I just need at most 5 minutes of your time.
Questions on Commencement Registration
Is Nude Sushi dead?
Taking courses at another college?
Pub Pol C103
Friend is a CS61A TA and told me the questions on the midterm beforehand; what are the chances of them finding out?
Traveler from Brazil going to berkeley
BED BUGS!!!!!!! HELP!!
Is anybody else sick of handshake applications requiring you to go to a separate website and create a separate account after submitting your cover letter and resume?
How to receive W-2 Forms from EECS dept for taxes?
We should all appreciate Stephen Hawking
Are the Rec Sports Clinics any good?
Has anyone here done Sage Corps’ Global Entrepreneurship program to intern abroad for the summer?
feel bad
You guys’s meme page is so good that I want to go to grad school here.
Where to get film developed in Berkeley?
We just launched a podcast for ASUC Superb! Check it out and let us know what you think :)
Cutthroat? + Other Questions
Is Sigma Alpha Mu (Sammy) bottom tier?
Time's Up for UC Berkeley Misogyny
Is Sammy a top house at Berkeley?
Retaking CS 61B
Retaking CS 61B
Pol Sci 179 podcasts?
List of tech companies at the Internship &amp; Summer Job Fair and the Just in Time Job Fair.
HS Freshman dreaming of attending Berkeley
[EECS] Need a higher paying internship...
CS70 over the summer?
Readers question LA Times story on UC Berkeley student charged with vandalism
Audit law class possible?
UC Berkeley student evicted from trailer
Places to get official pictures taken?
$50 in paw points? Spend'em if you got'em?
Kamala Harris to give UC Berkeley’s 2018 commencement address
What do you think of our meme page?
Cafe Mezzo Salad Dressing
What clubs can I join right now to positively impact my Haas app?
Suggestions of the hardest/most interesting classes on campus to join for a lecture or two!
Anyone had experience with the pre-med "fellowship"/medical assistant job in Pinole?
D1 Councilmember Linda Maio announces retirement
I hate that this subreddit is named r/berkeley and not r/ucberkeley
ALS Unfiltered Series Coming to Bay Area April 3, 2018
Community College Transfer to UC Berkeley EECS
The best place to have phone interviews on campus?
When Do Fall 2018 Classes Come Out?
Anyone want to play Gloomhaven?
Anyone in 188 right now?
does anyone play pubg?
What happens if you don't make GPA requirements for CS in L&amp;S (Prospective Student)
Does anyone work out at the YMCA in town?
LA Times article: "He attends elite UC Berkeley but lives in a trailer with no heat or sewer hookups. Soon, he'll be scrambling to find new shelter" -- didn't this guy get arrested last year for vandalism?
Don’t stop talking about problematic fraternities until changes are made
environmental econ &amp; policy major?
Counting calories at dining halls?
does anyone play fortnite?
Need to complete some primary research, Help me out?
Spanish Minor Experiences?
Letter of Recommendation from UC Berkeley
Best characters princess and superheroes for kids parties berkeley
Does anyone have the Summer 2017 Chem 3B and 3BL syllabus, or know who will be taught it/ will be teaching it?
Why does the Den smell like vomit?
Looking for a single room for next year. Any dorm-style apartments or apartments near campus at a reasonable price?
How fast does iHouse fill up?
Berkeley College Student Destroys Campus Republican's Private Property Sign, On Camera
META: Ban posts from high school students that haven't gotten in yet
Civility and Democratic Engagement
Any experience fulfilling CS 189 at outside institutions?
The Eye of Sauron
Any other work-study students here?
Overnight Guest Parking at UCB?
question from a prospective freshman
There is a comedy show at The Red Tomato on University at 9pm tonight. It is also on other Thursdays. But there is no time like the present.
Pre-College Summer Course Help!!
University of California, Berkeley research initiative to understand gaming and livestreaming trends - please fill out and help!
Homemade Meat Stew (Ingredients 100% sourced from UC Berkeley campus)
Right-wing activists target Berkeley’s Revolution Books again
Berkeley Can Become a City of Refuge
professors to take classes for fun with?
What happens to your gpa when you transfer in?
New solution to moving houses
My Econ professor hasn’t graded a single assignment since the semester started in January. He’s also spent the entire half semester lecturing us on the first two weeks’ worth of material. Is there any benefit in complaining to the department?
4 Berkeley grads are among the top 10 NorCal hoopers from the 21st century!
[2for1] 4 Berkeley grads mentioned as top NorCal hoopers!
How to get a copy of Daily Cal?
ISO Affordable rent in the Bay Area
Double Majoring in EECS and Mechanical Engineering?
I'm going through a major-related identity crisis
Best way to get to Palo Alto and back?
Berkeley missed connection on Omegle (hah)
Tang Counseling
I am a high school junior looking for help!
Northside housing?
First date ideas in the area?
Thoughts on Frank's Tailoring?
ED Support Groups in Berkeley
Berkeley Law is excited to welcome leading consumer advocate Ralph Nader March 6th at 4pm in Booth Auditorium — free &amp; open to the public (UC Berkeley Law on Twitter)
Gathering data on extracurricular activity
Best math professors on campus?
Best intro political science course
Berkeley plans to use cryptocurrency to combat affordable housing crisis
Unable to decide whether to stay at Ihouse or Cloyne (co-op) for the summer. Help?
Learning to sew/tailor on campus?
How to talk to that that one crush in class?
How common is white worshipping and self-hating among Asians at Berkeley?
Music practice rooms around the city?
People who leased an apartment with strangers/ people they met on free and for sale - how did that work for you?
Video game, Movie, Anime soundtrack Concert on March 10
People who live in apartments with converted living rooms - does it bother you not having a centralized space?
ESPM 50 midterm tips
What's a good way to show/advertise an app to people?
Question about drinking in frats
BSC Co Op Wait Time
Dtarting casual D&amp;D game, looking for players
Cal CS:GO struggles early, manages to keep playoff hopes alive
[Basketball] Cal falls to Arizona 66-54 for the final game of the season. The Golden Bears finished the season 8-23, last in the PAC-12.
[AMA REQUEST] Anyone who has won an amazon gift card for completing a survey?
Starting casual D&amp;D game, looking for players
Guy Fieri has been filming 'Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives' around the Bay this week
Earthquake thread
Advice for student struggling in CS70?
Free Food!!!
Ucla gym membership
How do ya all stay motivated? I’m going through seniority if it’s even a thing. This whole week has been a bust. I’ve done nothing productive.
looking for a data 8 tutor
Recommendation for swimming class?
HS Junior applying to Berkeley for computer science
How much do you pay for your single room? How far away from campus are you?
I wasn’t able to submit my research application through TANGO because their system has not been letting me login all day. Who can I talk to about this? What department is responsible for technical issues like this one?
Student Fundraiser SF Embarcadero BART
[Basketball] Cal falls to ASU 84-53.
Is it feasible to do an engineering major + minor + additional electives?
This Saturday, March 3 at the Haas Pavilion! Come watch Cal's Boxing Team, Cal Boxing, as they host the UC Berkeley Invitational!
Please help fill out a quick survey for my class!
Any recommended contractors for laying stone over a fireplace?
Stats 20 vs Data 8/Stats 88 combo
Thoughts on getting registered within DSP for a specific class?
In need of academic help
Grad students: what’s your experience living at ihouse? Would you recommend it?
Feds say UC Berkeley mishandled complaints in sexual harassment cases
GSI Jonathan “Jonny” Gleason Passed Away
How do you (and we as a community) feel about the tradeoff between data privacy, convenience and security?
Experience with applying for Jackson House/Manville?
Can someone with online access to the Berkeley Library help me out?
Captured this photo of the sun peeking out after the rainstorms on Monday!
Latest QS World University Rankings for 2018 place Cal at #27, Michigan ranked No. 1 Public U.S. University at #21 😠
Hackintosh help
Premed how many technicals at Cal?
Commute Frustrations: Looking to learn about people's commutes in the SF Bay Area - Reward Included! (x-post from /r/oakland)
Commute Frustrations: Looking to learn about people's commutes in the SF Bay Area - Reward Included! (x-post from /r/oakland)
Commute Frustrations: Looking to learn about people's commutes in the SF Bay Area - Reward Included! (x-post from /r/oakland)
How to find roomates
Anyone have a link to MCB 88 course material?
any boxing, kickboxing gyms?
Sigma Chi accused of multiple incidents of drugging and sexual assault, put on social probation
HOW TO WAITLIST 70? (class full)
In true Berkeley fashion, alum Elizabeth Swaney competes in Olympics without doing anything special. Proud to have another Olympian alumni regardless!
grad student here - how do I renew my Adobe Acrobat subscription?
Looking to buy/ pay to borrow a Jaylen Brown California jersey
Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin on Becoming a Sanctuary City for Cannabis
Love "The Office" and other Netflix-able shows?
Can anyone speak to the experience of having an abortion while attending UC Berkeley?
PS4 can’t find IP address
Free Food at Berkeley Restaurants
UC Berkeley Env. Econ. +policy?
Nostalgia : Removing The Ball from Your Computer Mouse ( Ball mice and wheel mice were manufactured for Xerox by Jack Hawley, doing business as The Mouse House in Berkeley, California, starting in 1975. )
I caught my gf cheating and broke up with her. She had two boyfriends and now is accusing me of raping her since I've had sex with her while she had a boyfriend. Is there anything I can do? Anyone I can talk to that is willing to help me out and work with my situation?
I caught my gf cheating and broke up with her. She had two boyfriends and now is accusing me of raping her since I've had sex with her while she had a boyfriend. Is there anything I can do? Anyone I can talk to that is willing to help me out and work with my situation?
Adobe Creative Cloud Reverted to Free Trial
Does anyone have any goat recipes?
Christian groups that target Asian students
Struggling with EE16B, need advice/encouragement
Anyone down to play soccer?
Anyone down to play soccer?
view with... goats [c]
Difficulty of EECS?
"The Confused Introduction" - identity crisis for a Berkeley EECS student
Announcing new blog for Berkeley EECS stories
Trading Pac12 Tournament Tickets
Restaurants that have calorie counts?
How do I drop a class?
squad?
How screwed am I for copying solutions to 61A HW?
Why is Crossroads worse this semester?
semester study abroad through a uc center is it good
Berkeleytime but for summer classes? Easy online summer courses?
Muracci's Student Deal
Restaurants with calorie counts?
How is the attitude towards Community College transfers? #EECS #CS
Why are guns frowned upon here?
What are some goodclubs still looking for people?
The Bear’s Lair: The untold story of systemic gender discrimination inside UC Berkeley’s IT Department
Student Discounted Laptops?
[Question] What happens to your unlimited Google Drive when you’re no longer at Berkeley?
Individuals needed for a study on Mindfulness among Hispanics &amp;Latinos
[Basketball] Cal falls to WSU 78-76. Almost got em!
Multiple emergency vehicles on campus. Anyone know what happened?
How to get a STEM internship that's not engineering or CS?
Does UPE use GPA in CS classes or overall GPA for inviting new students?
Is it easier for me to transfer to the College of Letters and Science than to the Haas?
Another laptop grab in Berkeley; charges filed in weekend robbery case
MOTORCYCLIST KILLED ON SPOT!!!
Cal Day 2018 is April 21st
Professor Martin "Marty" Halpern passes away, distinguished professor of Physics at UC Berkeley for 35 years
Help finding good paying internships? CS/EECS
Infamous Cal Grad Alert: Elizabeth Swaney, Viral Olympic Skier, Says She Put Her Whole Heart Into Her Halfpipe
Where can I get a yardstick on campus?
Physics(L&amp;S) and EECS Double Major?
Has anyone ever ate at the hawaiian BBQ on Shattuck
How do people know which professors are teaching which classes ahead of time?
Berkeley Law Dean Erwin Chemerinsky is currently holding an AMA in r/politics
Dean of Berkeley Law, Prof. Erwin Chemerinsky, will be doing an AMA in about 30 minutes from now (4:30PM PST).
Can I borrow your USB C MacBook charger?
Help locating book in library (from canada!)
Pappy’s Grill &amp; Sports Bar loses liquor license after selling alcohol to minors
Who can guide me with this data on campus?
Do 3rd Party VPNs work on the Berkeley network?
Math 110 or Stat 135 over the summer?
Is there a way to tell what song they are playing on the Campanile?
Anyone know if CS70 is opening for the summer or not?
MCB 102 Midterm
How does transferring to a different college work?
[Request] Links to lower div haas courses
Made this bad boy today.
Is the Golden Key Society worth joining?
Easy Technical Class
Research Participants Needed
TBP
Lost a black backpack in either Wheeler Hall or Cafe 3
Anyone Else have a car break in on North Side?
CS61c during summer?
Does anyone have a link for Foundational Concepts in Neuroscience: A Brain-Mind Odyssey?
How is fencing at Berkeley?
second-hand weed smoke @ berkeley
Student who extra fucked up with XIV(/r/tradexiv), looking for any type of job/assistance. I need to make $3-4000 within 2 months.
[Mens Basketball] Cal loses to Stanford 77-73.
Police arrest 6 who may be involved with series of laptop thefts
Anyone have a livestream link to watch the cal vs stanford basketball game?
How do people get internships before they have internship experience? How did you land your first internship before you had anything to list in your resume?
History Courses During Summer Sessions
Cal CSGO crushes UNH 16-4
berkeley is a disgusting communist fuckhole where it costs 7 trillion dollars to live in a box made of poop
Gunshots/fireworks near stadium?
Cal sweeps UCI to win second straight Tespa Overwatch title
looking for your opinions to help improve our app!
Finding a classroom on campus to reserve 50-100 people
The strength of Berkeley's EE/CS program
How to study for CS 61b/61c
Is it worth applying to haas without any real resume?
Explore Vallejo’s Mare Island, the Bay Area’s First Naval Base (If you want to learn more about the Bay's history)
Fiesta Bowl Overwatch Collegiate National Championship Survival Guide
What is the CS major like?
Two summer technicals - a good idea?
Any last minute breadths?
Dropping a Class
Daily Cal | Communication conundrum -- The Person Inside
Yay/nay: Summer CS 61BL &amp; CS 61C
who is your crush
The strength of Berkeley's EE/CS program
f
To all those who have taken 61a
[Fresh] MICHELLE ZHENG: How to for more than 2: Exploring non-monogamy
How hard is it to get in UGBA 10 sophomore fall?
CS70 in the summer or fall?
on campus bars... fakes..
Upper division MCB prerequisites?
To Drop a Class or Not?
Need CS Schedule Advice for Summer
Any chances of getting &gt;$900 per person housing for a group of six?
Where do you go to study after classes are over with?
Need math schedule advice
uc berkeley sumemr sessions
Places to chill at Berkeley?
Fakes at CVS on Telegraph?
Change Major Within College
Where to get keys duplicated?
Questions about campus life at Berkeley
Get the Test Bank and Solution Manual You Need
Get the Test Bank and Solution Manual You Need
Hi everyone! We are a group of Berkeley students working on an app and we hope you could help us by completing this short survey!
Martial arts classes at Cal?
Campus Sex Map
Lower Div L&amp;S CS requirements?
A PANORAMA OF THE RSF
Pre-med Computer Science at Berkeley
Is it possible for me to add a class this late into the semester?
Where to practice an instrument?
Berkeley is missing out on over $10M of Free revenue a semester
Where to watch the olympics in Berkeley?
The view from the hills of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. [c]
Anti Stanford Berkeley Club Jackets
Berkeley Rapper Marty Grimes New Interview Out Now
Anybody see the Medevac/airlift a little south of People's Park and know what happened?
How hard is it to transfer into Haas school of business? What is the average gpa? Any personal experience?
Looking for a test bank or solution manual for your college courses and textbooks? Visit TestBankCampus.com and get the resources you need at affordable prices
Looking for a test bank or solution manual for your college courses and textbooks? Visit TestBankCampus.com and get the resources you need at affordable prices
CS/EECS, what's a good internship wage/salary?
Cajun Fish Frenzy at Cafe 3
Is Berkeley stingy with financial aid for out of state applicants?
Happy Valentines Day!
Gloomhaven is in stock at Games of Berkeley
Best Place for Sex on Campus (serious)
I'm a private pilot who was recently admitted to the MET program, does anyone know if there is an airport near Berkeley where students can rent?
Milo is back! UCLA announces Yiannopoulos' first campus event of 2018
Laying bare: Berkeley's #MeToo moment
Court Bars Univ. of Washington from Charging College Republicans $17,000 Security Fee
UC Berkeley Extension
What is the inscription on the book in the UC seal?
The jury’s out on why Undocumented Student Program’s only lawyer is on administrative leave
I Made Some Bears Card For Cal Bears
North American Futures: NAFTA in the Balance. 4 PM today Feb 13 @ Banatao.
r/berkeley discord being trolled by alt-right
Is this true
Feeling lonely around Valentine's Day? Remember:
1-2 units class still available?
Frustration
Anyone want to work out this Wednesday?
Any courses related to Legal and Ethical Issues in Big Data, AI, etc.?
Cal Berkleley Supreme Themed College Apparel
Any courses related to Legal and Ethical Issues with Big Data, AI, etc.?
Are there any classes about planes at Berkeley?
Any courses related to Legal and Ethical Issues with Big Data?
deleting bcourses courses
Is it too late to add a legit class?
How do you guys make money?
Any social clubs or organizations still looking for people?
Berkeley cost of living Room and board?
Harvard, Berkeley among top 10 worst schools for free speech: Report
Please, can you help me by filling out this survey about audiobooks? I am a graduate student studying at Rutgers Business School and this survey is only for research purposes. Thank you!
UX/UI bootcamp worth it?
What are you actually learning?
EECS Regents
Chem 3AL Lecture
Access to Mac + INSTALLING SOFTWARE
Does anyone use the ASUC Berkeley app?
Berkeley's arts programs &gt; Stanford's arts programs
Counseling first steps?
Top reasons for attending Berkeley for mathematics
Is it possible that Oski the "Bear" could actually be a squirrel?
Issue with grade for class I took last spring
[Basketball] Cal loses to Utah 77-43.
CS 61A Midterm #2
Top reasons for attending EECS?
All you can eat KBBQ?
What is the Rescind Policy for UC Berkeley?
Berkeley City Council Plans to Launch ICO funding for Affordable Housing
Just got accepted to MET!
Big Lot by Evans
boba gift cards
Moocho app
Best place to have sex besides dorm rooms?
AWESOME EVENT
IEOR 153
Deliver flowers on Valentine's day?
What's the best place to have sex on campus besides a dorm-room?
Anyone play D &amp; D?
Boba Gift Cards?
California police worked with neo-Nazis to pursue 'anti-racist' activists, documents show
This is how quickly the registrar works
Health Workers Program
Doable Schedule for Fall 2018?
UC Berkeley extension courses
cs61a midterm
Wanted to share my homemade dinner! (Ingredients 100% sourced from UC Berkeley campus)
Valentines date ideas in berkeley??
Op-Ed | Berkeley community ought to defend students from ICE
anyone here from the formula SAE team?
Got suspended for a year for cheating. How hard to find software/tech job?
Feeling Lonely/Social Problems
Favorite facilities to make brown on campus?
UC Berkeley to allocate $800K for undocumented students’ needs, pending UCOP approval
How could a high school student prepare for EECS?
Favorite Berkeley Bookstore?
How can a high school student be prepared for a degree like EECS at UC Berkeley?
Are math upper divs boring?
Sunset at the marina today
Cal falls to CU 68-64
Slashed Tires
Access to Macs?
Upper-div classes to enroll into right now?
Switching to the College of Engineering?
Berkeley is considering a turn to cryptocurrency to reduce its reliance on federal funding in the Trump administration
Berkeley residents dissatisfied with efforts to combat homelessness
UC Berkeley architecture professor accused of sexual harassment
UCPD to have ‘external organization’ review Feb. 1 protest response
[WARNING] USBs being left at Library computer labs with ALT RIGHT HATE SPEECH on them
To all my EECS students stressed out about class... here's something to brighten your life :)
If I don’t meet the GPA cap for cs, what options do I have?
Can I afford to purely focus on academics my freshman year?
IRS Tax Scam Notification
Interview Advice
gbo benefits?
UC Berkeley Meltdown After ICE Vehicle Spotted on Campus
is dropbox going to do one of those great space things again anytime soon?
How do you balance pushing yourself vs preserving yourself?
I once spent a summer in Berkeley, living just off Blake Street. What an amazing place!
Best place to sell clothes?
Becoming an Uber Driver
How much does having legacy and a dad currently being a professor at Berkeley help with admissions?
Adding 5 units ASAP
'In for a big battle': Californians petition to remove limits on rent control
UC Berkeley spent $4 million on 'free speech' events last year. The high price tag far exceeds initial estimates for security costs borne by the campus.
Taxman in Berkeley?
URAP rejections all came in this morning. What now?
Scholarships and Financial Aid
Really hate it here.
Looks like Berkeley has some new competition (From UWaterloo iron ring ceremony)
looking for a manga artist in berkeley!
Is it possible to fake going to Cal to your parents?
Housing question... is this as good as it’s gonna get?
Chem 1A Old Midterms?
Got any suggestions for physics midterms?
Has anyone owned a squirrel as a pet?
Berkeley mayor opposes CA SB827 Housing Bill despite massive housing shortage in Bay Area
General Ideas on Housing in UC Berkeley
retaking a class despite passing it?
[Basketball] Cal defeats OSU 74-70! Go Bears!
UC Berkeley EECS
UC Berkeley EECS
How hard is it to get on campus apartments?
Tuition hike delay, reduced state funding leave UC Berkeley’s financial future ‘uncertain’
CS Classes not open for summer registration yet?
#madeitfinally #sorryforthewait &lt;/3
Entry-level, Non-profit, Part-time Program Coordination - 21$ an hour
Good Places to Print Photos?
Is there any night life in Berkeley?
In town for the night, any bars I should go out of my way to hit up?
Setting up PS4
Just want to *graciously* share a post by Cal student u/codeisvek
BERKELEY-HAAS
BERKELEY-HAAS
Motorcycle guy: If you were the one clipped on San Pablo between Ashby and University around 6pm this Friday night, shoot me a message, i was there.
Summer 2018 CS Classes All Closed
How can I get boba with meal points
Airbears 2 down again?
Do you know a girl scout and can I buy cookies from her on the "digital cookie" online thing?
When do we know which professors are teaching summer courses?
The Daily Cal declines to publish Op-Ed from Berkeley College Republicans' External Vice President Naweed Tahmas titled 'Founding Fathers Would Have Been Against DACA'
Sports-related Minors/programs?
The Daily Cal declines to publish Op-Ed from Berkeley College Republicans' External Vice President Naweed Tahmas titled 'Founding Fathers Would Have Been Against DACA'
How do you find out when summer class finals are?
100 UC employees rally for increased wages; UCPD arrests 1
Struggling Emotionally, In Many Aspects of Life
How competitive is the UCDC program?
[Basketball] Cal loses to Oregon 66-53.
Summer research opportunities on campus
UC Berkeley Union Worker Tackled by UCPD
Berkeley Union Worker Talked by UCPD
I will graduate soon, and am looking for the best ways to meet college aged women without being a student. What are some good ways to meet college girls if you're not a student?
Taking Stat 134 during the summer
How tough is Stat 134 in the Summer?
Struggling to find an internship
Math 185 Complex Analysis Study tips
How do I meet girls here if I am Not a student at Berkeley?
Need an apartment for the summer
MCB 100A Course Capture
Anybody else not able to register for summer session classes?
Thousands of stolen laptops, tablets recovered in massive Bay Area car burglary scheme
What’s happening at Ashby &amp; 7th St.?
Robbery at Sack's Coffee on College Ave
Can't download Microsoft Office?
Did anyone have to send an IB predicted grades form from their school after getting accepted into Berkeley?
See you there
Antifa vs. Milo Yiannopoulos: Who won? Mark Bray writes one year after anti-fascist protests shut down a Yiannopoulos gig at UC Berkeley, to much media criticism.
Perfume museum worth it?
Student Technology Services Job Opportunities
Anyone take Econ 174 before
Organic chemistry over the summer
At UC Berkeley, older students band together
[Solved] After disconnecting from AirBears2 (wireless network that sets a DNS search domain name via DHCP), Ubuntu can't resolve berkeley.edu addresses
Where to buy interview clothes in Berkeley?
Why did you choose to major in EECS??
My shot of the moon this morning!
CS Courses that look good for Internship
Anyone looking to sublease their room/apartment over the summer?
Berkeley, Media and the term 'Facist' ?!
2017 grads, did you mark yourself as a full-time student for this year's tax returns?
Cognitive Science Major/CS Minor vs CS Major/Cognitive Science Minor
Thinking of dropping EE16A. Advice?
Help on getting research as a third year EECS major
Trump Praises ICE Officer, and Victims of ILLEGALS - SOTU 2018
Wanted to share my experience as a liberal arts Berkeley major
Is Berkeley really that bad?
This meeting will have everything. Pedophilia, crime employees, mind control via intranet...
Is it possible to vote out V&amp;A Cafe in exchange for another vendor?
Shoutout to /u/gl3nnleblanc for the squirrel recipe
Microsoft One Note
Private spots on/near campus
Does having a mental disorder help with admission
Research or work study
Should I drop Data8 connector course when already struggling in Data8?
Loving my experience at Berkeley so far... just this one issue
Loving Berkeley so far, but I have just this one issue...
My only problem with UC Berkeley. Does anyone else agree?
How to Get Earlier Registration??
Looking for my phone.
Doctor or care center to see regarding foot issues in Berkeley?
NEED 2 Unit COURSE ASAP!!!!
Man steals cane, assaults 76-year-old on UC Berkeley campus
Official /r/berkeley discord
5 teens arrested after Berkeley Starbucks laptop grab
Whoever made this video of me is a LEGEND
AMA with an Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) Professor at UC Berkeley - Anant Sahai! (Personal Life Questions Only)
Update on /u/jumpingpajamas?
SWE Interview on campus, advice please!
[Basketball] Cal loses to USC 77-59. Continues 7 game losing streak.
Has anybody taken the journalism minor program over the summer?
Where to date older women around Berkeley?
Firetrucks and police at frat near Unit 1
Anyone has Math 54 pdfs?
french 1 student activities manual
Has anyone taken South Asia 142?
Any Engineers that have transferred from a CC?
Does anyone have any squirrel recipes?
Any 61B students who want to meet up together and study?
In a country that is becoming so anti-science, competitive, and unethical, academia is a lonely pursuit...
Halal Guys Berkeley finally opens after 2 years
Can we ban people who are obviously trolling?
Despite commission, UC Berkeley shows no signs of interest in free speech
A spectacular Friday sunset from Downtown Berkeley, looking toward Downtown Oakland.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection vehicle spotted near UC Berkeley
ICE is on campus...
I made a registration optimizer that finds you the 25 best class schedules
Alarming rises in rent make UC Berkeley less accessible
[Basketball] Cal loses to UCLA 70-57. Record falls to 7-14.
AMA with a Berkeley Professor - Anant Sahai! (Personal life Questions Only)
my.collegeplanner.io - registration optimizer that finds you the best class schedule
Struggling with Econometrics
How many students graduate with 6 figure jobs?
I know AirBears is bad right now, but does anyone else's ethernet seem slow too?
Justice Dept. sides with conservative groups in free-speech lawsuit against Berkeley
U.S. Justice Department sides with conservative students in UC Berkeley free speech suit
Class Advice
Bus headed up to Squaw this Sunday from Berkeley
How do I stop feeling jaded about coming here?
Anyone know a good place for clothing repair?
California Bill Would Mandate On-Campus Access To Abortion Pills
PLAGIARISM HELP OSC
What is everyone’s experience with the summer internship fair? How similar is it to the career fair?
UC Berkeley students rally against university tuition hikes (crosspost /r/California_Politics)
Mutual UC Discord Link
[FREE EVENT] Tilden Fungal Fair
EBMUD testing finds elevated lead levels in water at Berkeley middle school
Concern of getting into cs188
Jan 31 Lunch Talk: Indigenous Rights, Gender Violence, and American Outrage. 223 Moses 12 noon.
Cakes in Berkeley
Searching for answers: UC Berkeley investigates Wi-Fi issues
ASAMST R2A &amp; SEASN R5A
Why the sudden speed drop?
Acceptance rate for BBS?
Victims report robbery in Berkeley of $20,000 in backpack
Can we go to the Career Fair if we just graduated?
Any tips for people with back-to-back classes and no lunch break?
College Chances for an asian male please help
Anyone here a part of Phi Alpha Delta(PAD)? If so, any tips for the rushing process?
Declaring physics major with hybrid series?
What happens if you are unable to transfer into CS (L&amp;S Cs major)?
UCB Official Student Run Discord Server link!!
What are your thoughts on attending a career fair if you already have an internship offer?
Anyone else graduate from Berkeley with no extracurriculars, research or internship experience? How difficult was finding your first job? As a senior I’m starting to really worry about my job prospects.
Math GSI
How do we keep our emails after graduation?
Courses on Nihilism?
Ursula K. Le Guin, Acclaimed for Her Fantasy Fiction, Is Dead at 88
Morrison practice rooms strict about A/B/C hours?
Do I Have A Chance Of Getting In?
Hotel Recommendations? Cal alum here that never stayed in a hotel in the area. Want somewhere nice, but affordable. What are your favorite spots?
Tsunami Warning!
Looking for some help here
Noah Schweber as a lecturer?
Anyone else experiencing a power outage?
Richest student you've ever met at Berkeley
CS Classes and Autograders/Tests
Conflict enrollment resolution
Grade Changed from ENP to GRD
Anywhere to go regarding getting help for general statistics questions?
Berkeley mayor on Wiener-Skinner housing bill: 'A declaration of war against our neighborhoods'
What's the biggest secret you know about UC Berkeley?
Transfer missing one class
I woke up in BEAST MODE!!
Any bears out there know of any sports on campus that might welcome newcomers?
Adding a Class during Second Week?
First "UC Berkeley Memes For Edgy Teens" long-sleeve fan-made shirt!
My housemate may be an illegal. Should I report him to ICE?
A whole new world - UC Berkeley Meme Edition
Schedule Advice
How to set up router in the campus dorms?
Career Fair Question
EECS vs CS
Great meetup everyone! Sorry for not getting a group picture before people left. Another meetup coming "soon".
Comparison between EE16a and EE16b courseload....
Any Techno/House heads here?
A question about transfer GPA
I'm here right now at Indian Flavors Express wearing a pink beanie. Come early if you can!
Berkeley MET Interview
Does Anant Sahai have a thick Indian accent?
The Reality of WMAFs
[Basketball] Cal falls to ASU 81-73
Does Anant Sahai have a thick Indian accent?
Are there restaurants that sell Ghanaian food close to the University of Berkeley California?
Anyone taken L&amp;S C70V: Physics for Future Presidents?
Grad student from Ghana looking for apartment starting in May, please help!
Schedule Advice
Timelapse of the women's march in Oakland today (80 minutes in 10 seconds)
Did you eat a great Berkeley breakfast today? Let's hear about it. Join r/BayAreaBreakfast.
Berkeley local, after suffering head injuries in early 2000s Iraq Invasion protest, still harassing Long Haul
Was spending my Friday night casually browsing various "video streaming" websites, and a wild Cal appeared.
Cal Dragonboat recruiting/culture?
UC Shitposting (Freethinker)
Fiber is coming this year
Wi-Fi
Foreign language at Berkeley
Industry group asks Supreme Court to strike down Berkeley cellphone warning ordinance (crosspost /r/California_Politics)
UC tuition could increase by 2.5 percent for 2018-19 academic year
Where can I leave a car for the weekend in Berkeley?
Reddit meetup in 2 days! I better see you all there
Anyone taking EE225B?
Anyone have thoughts on ESPM 163AC?
Anyone have thoughts on ESPM 163AC?
Need a two unit class ASAP
How to dress for a lab interview?
To the girl at OB chicken earlier today
Best place to get a spa treatment/manicure/pedicure?
Decal "Limit"
How to find housing?
Do DeCal units fulfill the requirement of 6 upper-div units from outside major? (LS)
Has anyone had Cybelle Fox as a professor before?
Math 54 Adjunct
Tips for Rushing Professional Frats
Berkeley CRISPR researchers doing and AMA right now on /r/science
What should a future Berkeley graduate student from Ghana know about Berkeley?
Best (cheapest lole) dentists around campus that accept SHIP?
Freebies@Berkeley
Experiences selling textbooks to Student Store?
[Basketball] Cal loses to Arizona 58-79 at Haas
Ghanaian grad student looking for apartment in May!
any good science gpa boosters
Fung Fellowship: Undergraduate Accelerated Health+Tech Program (Infosession 1/23 and 1/26. App due 2/1)
Is it possible to purchase meal points off someone else and have them transfer to your account?
How hard is it to get into SUPERB?
Should I drop Math/EconC103?
Things to do in Berkeley to help ease the transition back to school
Has anyone taken Stat 89A?
Looking for Room starting in March!
Proof that most of u have serious problems
Chances of getting into Econ 100a?
Feds planning massive Northern California immigration sweep to strike against sanctuary laws (x-post from /r/sanfrancisco)
I have big dilemma
Advice? - CS 189 with Sahai, non-CS background
Library tier list
Help Me Go Out With My Gym Crush
What's the process for graduating early?
How long after a course starts can the course reader still be purchased from Copy Central
Build the wall.
FE Exam?
Editorial | UC Berkeley fails to support undocumented student Luis Mora
Should I change to EECS? I'm torn...
4 sue UC Berkeley, others, for lack of police response during Milo Yiannapoulos event
Does anyone know is Physics 7a requires an iClicker?
Is the 52 still on detour?
Are there discussion sections today?
Chemistry Teacher Scholars Program
I am a teen from Sri Lanka and I want to know. What do residents of Berkeley think of Scientologists?
Dean's Honors List
Public Policy 103
Question on IEOR Masters
For anyone that took Data Science 100 previously, how did you find it?
Physics 7A and Math 53 Profs?
Where to get free career advice on campus that is CS focused?
Possible to get into a closed class?
retake a Passed course for a letter grade? for major prerequisite
Chem 1AL UGSI
receding hairline
music 27?
Dropped from all my classes. What should I do?
Question about College of Engineering's supplemental enrollment forms?
How to enroll in class if you have a conflict on CalCentral?
URAP GPA
Math 55
Where can I buy a backpack?
Does anyone have a UGBA 10 Textbook pdf or Math 53 textbook pdf?
Hey quick question about the city of Berkeley's RPP program.
Berkeley Sued over Yiannopoulos Event
[Reddit Meetup!] Final Details: Sunday Jan 21st, 1pm-3pm, at Indian Flavors Express on Bancroft Way. See you all there! Bring an umbrella.
[#16] Welcome back to heck. Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
classics 28?
classics 28?
Help Me Go Out With My Gym Crush
Hotels in Berkeley for 2018 Commencement
Reminder: Classes start Tuesday, 1/16!
Lawsuit Filed Against UC Berkeley, Police, City and Members of Antifa Over Violent 2017 Riot
lol @ how try-hard Stanford students are
Any info on Spring Sorority Rush?
CRAZKY SEXY KOOL! new GRETZKY - POP A BOTTLE [RAP]
Best time to go to the RSF weight rooms?
To everyone who has a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher
Help Me Go Out with my Gym Crush
Help Me Find Bae
Live lectures vs. Webcasting
Group for textbook pdfs?
Looking for an extra ticket to Future of Humans with Jennifer Doudna and Siddartha Mukherjee on Jan 18th!
The thought of going back to Cal makes me depressed
Why did you choose Berkeley?
Having a pet at Berkeley?
UC says 3 percent budget increase not enough
[Basketball] Cal falls to Washington State 53-78
Berkeley student detained by ICE
PE Classes and Enrollment
Why did I change the rule regarding long article titles?
Upcoming Semester
When do summer graduates get their diplomas mailed to them?
Lulzcakes spotted with Samses94 (Violence Warning)
Who can I contact about the EECS MEng programs?
WOW! new GRETZKY - FROZEN freestyle [RAP]
how to download microsoft office / adobe creative cloud on new computer?
Does the amazon store drug test new hires?
What should I do to ensure I get a job after graduating?
IndEng 185?
loss
Anyone have a Math 53 Textbook pdf?
Thoughts and tips on 2-3 back-to-back finals?
Just got a reply from /u/Samses94
Just got a replay from /u/Samses94
Freshman Resume
Math 1B or Math 55?
Looking for EE 105 / general electronics design tutors
Why Missy Franklin has left Cal (to be closer to family)
Any open ceramic studio options that don't require enrollment in a studio class?
Quick survey for college students
Internships for international students
Do you really need to buy the reader for Econ 138 with Hawkins?
YouTube
Now that Samses has stopped posting I read the DailyCal a lot less...
Graduate MCB courses
Is there a maximum number of URAP (p/np) units allowed?
[Basketball] Cal loses to UW 56-66. Next game up, Saturday 1/13 @WSU 1 PM.
How to get started in research (freshman undergrad)?
Easy decal classes?
How difficult is it to be a lab assistant in Data 8?
I canceled my Berkeley Student Cooperative housing contract.
Have any of you checked out Steamworks in Berkeley? I hear students get in for free!
What's the deal with all those boarded-up stores on University near campus?
I made a Discord chat for this sub! Check it out if you want to chat with other students/alum casually!
I can not wait to graduate this semester
Why does the Daily Cal have Malware Pop-up ads?
Berkeley Business Cards?
How do I stop feeling apprehensive about next semester?
Laundry rooms in Priestley (unit 3)
Is using the term "asshole-born" and "from an asshole-family" ever appropriate?
what are data science modules??
Will you prepare for Law school or Psych Graduate school if you are currently a junior, have a 3.1-2 GPA, international student with U.S. citizenship, and expect to raise your GPA to more than 3.4 by graduation?
Saying I graduated when I did not - Techies, how would they know?
Berkeley creatives: your wisdom for busy or discouraged students?
Freshman Internships - Where to Start?
Credit cap question
What're your favorite restaurants around Berkeley?
HELP! How to cancel swap in CalCentral?
Waitlist for UGBA Courses
Data Scholars
Any ice rinks with an hockey beer league in Berkeley?
Freebies for 50 Berkeley students
Robbery Detectives Release Video of December Shooting from Berkeley Police Department
Sliver moves to Pieology's former location on Telegraph
Chances of dismissal?
Grade Change
Join the (EE)CS Students Slack or GPA cap increases to 3.5!
IGETC v.s Lower Division for Transfers
Ashamed to say that, even after 4 years at Cal, I never knew who Berkeley was named after. Subjective idealism is an interesting subject to read about!
Trump Must Keep DACA Protections for Now, Judge Says
How to get an A in CS 314.1?
How to get an A in CS 61B?
Is there any way I can get my ID picture taken on campus?
Any writers in Berkeley that want to form a writing group?
Dropped from class for no reason?
Torrenting on campus not working
Rolling over mealpoints
Any fitness junkies want to recruit an out-of-shape bear?
What are the most personally significant courses you've taken at Cal?
Ukulele club(s) at Cal
Lost wallet
61A Lecture Question
Landing an On-Campus Interview seems Impossible
[CoE] AP Credits not included in cumulative unit total on CalCentral.
How to get an A in CS61A?
This Bill to Help Solve California's Housing Crisis Is Too Good an Idea to Pass
How to get an A in CS61A?
Attendance for Bio 1A Spring 2018
My roommate will be living in his frat this upcoming semester. Will I get a new roommate?
What major should I do?
Random Questions
Berkeley Breaks Silence on Arrest of Undocumented Student
SCET Certificate in Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology
Sutardja Dai Certificate in Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology
Received a UC Berkeley MET Interview, does anybody have any advice?
Waitlist 2 for a class of 18
Has the data science major been approved for Spring 2018?
The "Harvard versus whorehouse" project: I am a teen from Sri Lanka and I want to know. Who are the professors at the University of California, Berkeley who are known to be assholes?
WriterCoach Connection – Volunteer Openings in the New Year
Stat 150
Stat 150
CS70 Blank Discussion
If you've never left the 4 blocks around campus you're wasting a huge element of coming to Cal
are there any casual table tennis clubs/events at Berkeley?
Is ee16a worth taking after math 54 and physics 7b?
What is the difference between taking Psych 10 and Psych 101?
How hard is Math 110 coming from EE16A?
Lab Assistant as a Freshman?
Your Input Needed!
AFX Time Commitment
Public Health 196
Graduated. Now what?
When does the mailroom open again?
Swimming at Hearst
Most important topics from EE16A for EE16B?
Taking a gap year -- what should I do about my Berkeley email?
Taking a gap year -- what should I do about my Berkeley email?
When should I start looking for housing? (Fall 2018)
[Basketball] Cal loses to UCLA 107-84. Happy Saturday Bears!
Cheap housing options in Berkeley
Do you have to send an official IB predicted grades form to Berkeley?
Electronic music/Ableton link jam?
Considering Transferring
Korean X Series? (For Heritage Speakers)
Stupid question
Change in meetup schedule. Apparently the 21st is football weekend, so Pappy’s is going to be utterly packed. Would you still be okay with going to Pappy’s? We can change it to Indian Flavor’s Express as well. Most bars will be packed.
What's it like being at this preistegous university?
I'm pretty sure that is not the correct symbol...
What to do before school starts?
Is it a bad idea to take stat 134/140 without much prior stat experience?
A very long academic article on earthquakes, and what to do during them (I thought this might be useful given the recent earthquake, and it goes into the reasoning behind the common earthquake mitigation recommendations)
Court Orders BAMN Leader to Pay $11,100 to Former Berkeley College Republican President
Meet with Chancellor Christ or EVCP Alivisatos during their spring office hours - signups now open!
Transport to San Jose Airport
Research
Just found out I'm going to be staying in unit 3 Priestley building. How is it?
Has Anyone here taken Courses in Portuguese?
Cal falls to USC 80-62 at home. Next up: UCLA at home 3:30 on Saturday.
2 blocks from UC Berkeley: renting a room, $875/month. Looking for someone to replace me on our lease (I just moved to SF). See link for details.
City Of Berkeley Losing Police Officers In Droves. Guess Why.
Anyone know when loans are supposed to disperse for the semester?
A very long academic article on earthquakes, and what to do during them
part-time/work-study opportunities
Transfer Requirement Question
Do the massage parlors offer happy endings?
Do the massage parlors around Berkeley off happy endings?
How long does it take CalCentral to show your degree?
How long does CalCentral take to show your degree?
New Berkeley emergency homeless shelter opens on Ninth Street
Personal Money Store | Payday, Personal and Installment Loans Online
Transfer Apartment Question
Berkeley Police Quitting in Mass After City Routinely Sides w/ Antifa
Out of state Dad jokes after hearing about last night earthquake
Earthquake 2:40 am
Looking for apartments
Econ major with a minor in data science?
Has anyone seen places in the area that are hiring?
Research
From Berkeley to Gainesville, applications surge to flagship universities
How Anti-Fascists Won the Battles of Berkeley. 2017 in the Bay and Beyond: A Play-by-Play Analysis
Commute to Berkeley or go to Davis??
Want to rent out parking space
Best Upper-Div Breadths for 2nd Semester Freshman?
Commute question
Berkeley's Adobe Recruiter for Software Engineering Internships
Some sample articles for a UC Berkeley themed satire page I was thinking of writing. Let me know what you think.
Cal Sports Recruits
I got a 1340 on my SAT and have a 3.7 GPA. Do you think this gives me a chance to get into UC Berkeley?
Question regarding readmission?
Any parking spots available near the RSF?
Getting fat not playing tennis....
UC Berkeley Letter of recommendation survey
Free software can go to new computers?
See Position on Discussion Waitlist?
Can I take Physics 7B concurrently with BioE 103 or is it a hard prereq?
[Official Meetup! Thread #2] TENTATIVELY: Sunday Jan 21st, 1pm-3pm, at Pappy's on Telegraph Ave
Anyone with Improv experience at Berkeley? would really appreciate your feedback
[Official Meetup!] Tentative date: Saturday, January 13th. Time &amp; Location: Undecided.
Still no professor listed for my class (physics 5b)
Political Science major at Berkeley?
Police Chief Stands Up to Antifa at Berkeley City Council Meeting
Club Resumes
Happy New Year!
Selling AC Clipper Transit Card
Swap waitlisted section but not class
Will I get financial aid or am I just screwed?
Official /r/berkeley dating thread.
Still in Berkeley? Don't want to celebrate NYE alone?
Anyone knows about workshift in co-ops, especially in Cloyne? or general ideas about living in coops
There is no 1st Amendment right to speak on a college campus
Just graduated. I’m sick, can I go to an ER today and have SHIP apply?
Jan. 1 is almost here. Here’s how to (legally) buy and use recreational pot in Berkeley
Jan. 1 is almost here. Here’s how to (legally) buy and use recreational pot in Berkeley
Question about Greek Life at Berkeley
Where do people meet their significant others at Berkeley?
How can I stop dreading the upcoming spring semester?
Study abroad?
Study abroad?
Transfer student from CC with some questions!
Any physical science, philosophy, or history breadth course recommendations?
Cal beats Stanfurd(!) 77-74, coming back from down 17 points late in the second half.
Chembio as premed
Chembio major and premed
Love Café at Cal
Physics 5 vs 7 series
Are cars needed for grad students at Berkeley?
Spring 2018 Course Data
what do you guys think is the best way to get research?
How to take advantage of Cal's highly ranked engineering program?
How do you guys find Anant Sahai as a professor?
Moron GSI Still Hasn't Entered Grades?
How to list "Honors to Date" on awards/honors for application?
A Blatantly Hateful Anti-Semite Is A Professor At One Of America’s Most Revered Public Universities
A Blatantly Hateful Anti-Semite Is A Professor At One Of America’s Most Revered Public Universities
A Blatantly Hateful Anti-Semite Is A Professor At One Of America’s Most Revered Public Universities
Real life footage of Samses’ reaction to rules changes in r/Berkeley
Arizona highway accident claims lives of Berkeley sophomore and parents
Desire Path
cs186?
ESPORTS TRYOUTS: CSGO
EECS 101 Drama -- Over Piazza !
EECS 101 Drama - Over Piazza !
What are my chances at getting in?
Milo's book's editor's comments become part of public record after he sues his former publisher
When's the college of engineering deans list released?
What's the deans list gpa cut off for engineering? When does one know if they receive honors?
Anyone interested in sharing their story?
Swapping Sections
[NATURE EVENT] - Birding for Beginners at Oakland's Middle Harbor Shoreline Park 12/30/17
ee 127 convex optimization
AC Clipper Card Date Usage
Help a freshman find Extracurriculars
Help a freshman find Extracurriculars
KPFA 94.1FM Berkeley in danger of closing
When will I get my SHIP member info?
Summer Sessions and Physics Abroad
Taking Classes at a CC while at Berkeley
Chem 3AL
Anyone transfer from CC?
What's a good way to prepare for EE16A, Math 54 and CS61B over break?
EE16a grades are out now....
Downloading Adobe CC
Art classes for beginners
Transferring Credit (Or Really Not Transferring Credit) From CC
Police Chief Stands Up to Antifa at Berkeley City Council Meeting
Psych 10/101
What clubs are you in?
Looking for solid front end developers and designers
MCB C61
Am I on academic probation?
UC Berkeley vs Stevens institute of Technology (transfer)
CNR
College of Natural Resources
Schedule Advice
MBA after HASS undergrad?
Merry christmas guys!
RIP Joesph Takagi, Cal legend. He was killed 29 years ago today at Nakatomi Plaza. Merry Christmas.
Music production classes
What's the longest you've waited for a final grade to be posted?
Consulting Clubs @ Cal
How likely is it to get into Econ 100A if #50 on the waitlist?
Fitness related class or DeCal?
espm 50ac grade?
MCB Interview Advice
Appealing a Grade
When is grade change reflected in CalCentral?
Post-graduation CS Job Recruitment
New York Personal Injury Lawyer &amp;amp; NYC Accident Attorneys
View from the 6th floor of Alta Bates.
Willing to write a paper or collaborate with a professor?
Tang Center Counseling Appointments.
Yuletide Graffiti on Shattuck Ave - “Smoke Meth Hail Santa”
New Rule: All threads linking articles of any kind, and especially news articles, must be posted with the same title as the title of the linked article. Please report any threads made AFTER the posting of this thread that violate this rule in any way.
A Week In Berkeley, CA, On A $92,700 Salary
Anyone in ESPM 6 (final grade)?
Do graduate programs acknowledge Berkeley’s grade deflation?
Berkeley gears up for Jan. 1, when sales of recreational cannabis become legal
What changes would you like to see in this subreddit? PSA: Always report people who you think are trolling for the sake of trolling. I now ban more often and more openly for trolling than I did before.
CS70 vs Stat134 for CS189?
Things to do in Berkeley
Berkeley grade deflation for masters?
Job growth slows but experts say real estate market won't suffer. Haas' Robert Edelstein isn't as positive: "A slowing of employment here can be enough to make the housing market not so robust…While Facebook is on top now, it could go the way of similar platforms such as Friendster and LiveJournal."
Berkeley resident Jeremy Richard, 20, was arrested for sexual battery in connection to two incidents. At 6 p.m. Wednesday, the first victim had been walking near Delaware Street and California Street when the suspect approached her, made sexually explicit comments and touched her inappropriately.
Two women, a housewife and a waitress (Mamie Purnell, 39, and Raine Wooten, 32) have been charged with attempted murder and assault likely to produce great bodily injury in connection with the beating that sent a female pedestrian to the hospital with serious injuries Monday night.
A man shot at but did not strike a boy, 15, as he was walking through Cal's campus Wednesday 8:30pm. The victim, who is not affiliated with Cal, was walking through campus "when he got into a physical altercation" with a male suspect. The mother of the victim later called UCPD to report the assault
BPD is asking the community for help to identify two people filmed stealing packages from the same apartment complex, in the 2400 block of Fulton Street, earlier this month. According to the video time and date stamps, both incidents took place Thursday, Dec. 7, in the afternoon 10 minutes apart.
Why do people constantly shit on Cal?
Focusing only on classes in college
Do students get free software for both Windows and Mac OS simultaneously?
Course Advice
Looking for suggestions for alternatives to SHIP insurance. I am a US citizens who can't join my parents' insurance plan.
Summer: Internship or Study Abroad?
What is the difference between doing L&amp;S and IGETC?
Best NY-style pizza downtown?
Are CalCentral grades uploaded once a day?
Yo bears! A friend and I made a nonprofit (maybe you've seen us on /r/pics) and we're accepting applications for this summer!
When do grades come out on CalCentral for Fall 2017?
Semester GPA calculator on CalCentral gives weird output?
Gotten GPA but not individual class grades
Updated Grades not Showing just GPAs/Units?
CS61B/EE16B Prep
Berkeley City Council Debate Resolution to Condemn White Supremacy
When will all DeCals be posted on the DeCal course website?
Berkeley Police Department Traffic Bureau will conduct a DUI/Driver's License Checkpoint Thursday, December 21, 2017, on Alcatraz Avenue and Adeline Street, westbound traffic, between 8:00 p.m. and 3:00 a.m. Over the past three years, BPD investigated 219 DUI collisions that resulted in 91 injuries.
Yogi Hale Hendlin, a postdoctoral research fellow in the Department of Medicine at UCSF: Is local aviation noise causing Berkeley residents to get sick? Noise from low-flying planes is annoying and may be detrimental to people's health. More research is needed to explore the impacts of noise.
Ari'el Stachel, 26, is an actor, singer and Berkeley native making his Broadway debut in "The Band's Visit," a charming musical starring Tony Shalhoub (star of the TV show "Monk") and rising star Katrina Lenk. The show opened Nov. 9 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre in New York and has been a big hit.
A resident in North Berkeley shared this video of a recent package theft from his front porch. The dog didn't miss it but no one else was around to take note. That's not surprising, given how fast so-called "porch pirates" can make their getaway. Blink, and you might miss it, too.
A woman was pulled from her car Tuesday 10:30pm at the 1900 block of Eighth Street in West Berkeley by two men. She was thrown on the ground, punched in the face, and robbed of her cellphone. The robbers were described as a black man in his 20s or 30s, 5 foot 11 and a black man in his 20s, 5 foot 8.
Probably too late to ask this but do winter sublets actually exist or is that only a summer thing?
Vote for Cal Alumni start-ups in this UC Entrepreneur contest. Just sort by UC Berkeley affiliation.
Easy class
Chem 1A Final Grade Distributions/Cut-offs
Easy class?
transferring into College of Engineering
Biology 1AL
What happened to the FS bus?
Easy classes to pull up GPA
[Basketball] Cal defeats Seattle 81-59
Daniel Parolek, architect and urban designer based in Berkeley for 20 years: We can design our way out of Berkeley's housing crisis with 'missing middle' buildings. Berkeley should build more small-scale, multi-unit buildings like duplexes, bungalow courts, fourplexes, and small mansion apartments.
Cal doctoral student Eva Hagberg Fisher whose academic career changed dramatically after architecture professor Nezar AlSayyad placed his hand on her upper thigh and proposed they become "close friends" agreed not to sue Cal after $80,000 settlement. AlSayyad ($211,000/year salary) remains employed.
Two unrelated crashes in Berkeley kept first responders busy Monday night, and sent a man on a bike and a female pedestrian to area hospitals for treatment. The pedestrian was struck by a hit-and-run driver in the 3100 block of San Pablo, near Ashby Avenue. The crash took place around 11:30 p.m.
UC Berkeley psychology research inspires art world's first 'empathy center'. The five-year empathy center project is being seed-funded in part with a $750,000 grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. It was launched earlier this fall with a brainstorming session at UC Berkeley.
A woman jogging around Ninth Street and Heinz Avenue at 9am on Sunday, Dec. 10 was sexually assaulted by a stranger on a public sidewalk near Berkeley Bowl West. The community member who alerted Berkeleyside to the sexual assault said he had been troubled to see no official reports about it.
EE 16A Grading Bins / Curve?
Schedule Advice/Questions
CS 189 with Sahai (Spring 2018)
Jobs for summer?
Berkeley councilwoman fires commissioner who wouldn’t support Israel boycott
Data 8 with no prior programming experience?
CHEM 104B and CHEM 130B?
Question about GPA Calculation for Haas
Best Physics Study Abroad?
Is anyone staying over for winter break?
Madeleine Luckel in Vogue: Why the Berkeley Food Tour Is My Favorite Holiday Tradition. Places profiled: Philz Coffee, Peet's Coffee, Elmwood Cafe, La Note, The Cheese Board Collective, Bakesale Betty, Iyasare, Grégoire, Market Hall Foods, Cancun, Picante, Ici, Yogurt Park, Corso, and Chez Panisse
Berkeley Unified received good overall marks on the state's new school "report card," but it performed better for some student groups than others. For example, BUSD qualified for extra support from the county due to the poor marks it received for the education of its homeless student population.
Floating homes on Berkeley Marina offer a "unique lifestyle choice". There is no fee to apply for a Marina slip. The monthly live-aboard fee is $200 and monthly slip fees depend on boat size and location. For example, a 40-foot boat at one particular berth would run approximately $517.20 per month.
FBI in 1972 described Judy Gumbo as "the most vicious, the most anti-American, the most anti-establishment, and the most dangerous to the internal security of the United States." She struck a martial pose in a cover photo of Berkeley Tribe 50 years ago. She now lives in Berkeley Cohousing community.
Carol Christ on long-term model for athletic department. "Cal has to be competitive in the revenue-generating sports; that's the only way to make the budget work." One specific aim: shift 54% of the stadium and training center debt from the athletics department's books to those of the central campus
Is anyone staying over for winter break?
Is there anyone staying in Berkeley over winter break that wants to hang out?
Econ Cap question
Does UC Berkeley do a good job at providing Research Assistantships to EECS undergrad students?
Good auto shop? Electrical problems with 2003 Suburban
CS 61A Final Grading Curves
CS 61A Final Curve
Christmas Charity Clothing Drives in Berkeley?
Liberals and conservatives argued about healthcare, economic policy, climate change. Former Berkeley College Republicans member Celine Bookin dreamed of a moment like this when she launched Berkeley Conservative Society and invited Cal Democrats to take on her group in a yearlong series of debates.
Doctoral social welfare student Katie Savin, who drives a wheel chair she calls Anita, made friends with a homeless man named Olantis, whose wheelchair is Roscoe. In a moving commentary, Katie expresses gratitude for the friendship she's cultivated with him and grief over his recent cancer diagnosis
Carol Christ, the first woman to lead Cal in its 149-year history, was formally inaugurated as chancellor Sunday, minutes before presenting degrees to the winter graduating class of 600. She could serve as Cal's top administrator without ceremony but couldn't confer degrees until officially sworn in
A "hot prowl" burglary occurred at University Village Albany. A resident was awoken and allegedly saw the suspect while he was inspecting his apartment. He allegedly confronted the suspect, who then fled the apartment. The suspect is a Black woman in her early 20s with a heavy build.
Rents are down 3.8% to 15.9% in 2017 in Berkeley, even though many people still can't afford to live in newly built apartments. Sam Sorokin of Premium Properties: "In 2017, a tipping point has happened. The new construction has caused the rents to decline. There is no other reason I can think of."
Upper div science course?
Prof Mark Bray on the History of militant anti-fascism, Lecture at UC Berkeley
'Bike Lock' Antifa Professor Gets His First Lesson in Justice, Pretrial Date Set
Taking Rhetoric R1B without taking R1A?
In disappointing news for Cal but a stroke of luck for University of Hong Kong, star mechanical engineering professor Zhang Xiang was appointed the next vice-chancellor of the Asian city's oldest university. He studied at Nanjing University and University of Minnesota before earning his PhD at Cal.
BPD issues 72-hour eviction notice to South Berkeley homeless encampment. And homeless activist Guy "Mike" Lee, who moved into permanent housing in September, is "battling" Homeless Coordinated Entry System, or the Hub. His rent will increase by 70% in January with another increase of 150% in April.
BPD issues 72-hour eviction notice to South Berkeley homeless encampment. And homeless activist Guy Lee, who moved into permanent housing in September, is "battling" Homeless Coordinated Entry System, or the Hub. His rent will increase by 70% in January with another rent increase of 150% in April.
Ismael Farooqui: "Even though my faith feels energized the more people attack it, I'm not just a Muslim. Which Americans are just one thing? What Trump misunderstands is the durability of the old melting pot. America succeeds in incorporating difference. I seek no other home."
A male victim was robbed Friday 6:56pm on south side of Wheeler Hall. He and a male friend were approached by a suspect, who told the victim to drop his laptop while reaching in his waistband and pulling out a gun. The suspect: a Hispanic male, 20–25 years old, 5' 8'' to 5' 9'' and 140–150 pounds.
Financial Times names Uber-whistle blower and Berkeley resident Susan J. Fowler person of the year. Now at Stripe, she is the editor-in-chief of a quarterly magazine called Increment, which is geared towards software engineers. She is also working on a book and a movie about her experiences
Does UC Berkeley do a good job at providing Research Assistantships to EECS undergrad students?
Who’s still here and down to smoke??
Anybody still here and would like to smoke ? Everyone’s gone lmao
Going on a date in berkeley, recs?
Is there a PDF version of the Data 8 textbook "Computational and Inferential Thinking: The Foundations of Data Science"?
Looking for advice on housing.... Just finished my first semester...
Chem 1A grade
Someone just got robbed right next to their final. This is getting ridiculous.
What's it like being an undergrad junior at age 22?
Jeremy Lathrop, a Berkeley Police Department detective, was honored as Officer of the Year. The narcotics and property crimes investigation which won Lathrop top honors recovered almost 4 kilograms of cocaine (both powder and crack cocaine), and about $110,000.00 in cash.
Joseph Carroll Jr., 31, a man previously described by authorities as a "ringleader" in West Berkeley's Waterfront gang, has been charged with two Oakland murders (fatal shooting of Nguyen Ngo in 2009 and in Andrew Henderson Jr. in 2011), as well as an attempted murder of Ngo's brother Bao Ngo.
The city of Berkeley opened an online public forum (Berkeley Considers) for residents to provide input on whether the city should be prohibited from signing contracts with companies involved in the construction of Donald Trump's proposed border wall. City Council will vote on the matter Tuesday.
Examining the lack of faculty diversity in the UC Berkeley biology department. Until recently, professor Tyrone Hayes was the only faculty member of color in the UC Berkeley integrative biology department — for nearly 30 years. This year, Integrative Biology hired a Mexican American professor.
At 112 pounds and 5ft, Cal boxer Julia Isabel Martinez fights her way to national championships. She has a strong foundation in Muay Thai. Rivera is a junior majoring in landscape architecture and minoring in both sustainable design and environmental design in developing countries.
Saw contractors replacing the fake Braille signs in Chou Hall yesterday!
Chief: Berkeley police face ‘a deepening staffing crisis’
Blacks at Berkley in CS?
Trying to remember the name of a restaurant.
Econ 2 Texbook
UCSF fired its Title IX director, Cristina Pérez-Abelson, for "serious misconduct" earlier this year, after several whistleblower complaints and an investigation found that she instructed her employees to withhold files from an auditor and change the dates on case files in her office.
Non-transparent pricing. Red Oak Realty's Andrea Gordon: I had an agent tell a buyer about a house listed at $699,000 "I would be surprised if it didn't go for $1 million." My buyer cried, "I can't do this any more." It's too painful for them to keep going to houses they won't ever be able to afford
UCPD reported a rape at Unit 3 at 2400 Durant Ave on Oct. 28 at 1:30 a.m. Police identified the victim as a female Cal student who had gone to a party with a male student prior to the rape. The suspect's identity is known but an arrest has not been made because the investigation is still underway.
Ben Gerhardstein believes Cheryl Davila booted him off the city transportation panel in part because he declined to state his opinion about of one of her favorite causes—divestment from Israel because of its treatment of Palestinians. Davila: Replacing predecessors' appointees is standard practice.
Sakura Cannestra, whose first name is Berkeley: During CalSo "someone in my group asked, "What if you got in just because your name's 'Berkeley'? … I laughed it off to the person's face, because you can't easily explain to someone that they shattered your self-esteem in one sentence or less."
Has anyone been able to take 61b online over the summer at another school?
Best way to get to SFO at 4-6am
Got stress? Berkeley sends in the llamas
Should I skip CS 61a to 61b
Left Over Food
UC Berkeley receives 89,294 applications for Fall 2018 Freshman admission, and 19,089 transfer applications for Fall 2018 Transfer admission. A total of 108,383 applications.
How to make a good resume for research opportunities
can I P/NP my American cultures class if I'm a toxicology major in CNR?
Does Econ 101A fail people?
*Warning* Private Room near Ashby BART - $995/month - Available on January 1st
New course to tap Cal's diversity and maker spirit. In a Discovery Course he first taught last spring, Robert Fuller had his 180 students study gecko toe hairs, which allow the animal to stick to walls and ceilings, and come up with possible uses for artificial adhesives they actually make in lab.
Cal Law lecturer Alan Pomerantz teaches undergrad seminar, Current Political and Moral Conflicts and U.S. Constitution. His goal is to chip away at students' resolve and find a crack in their argument that'll cause them to say "I'd never thought of that." A starting question, "Are you a snowflake?"
A FedEx driver was carjacked at gunpoint Saturday shortly before 11:30 a.m. on the Berkeley-Oakland border. According to a post in the Bordertown group on NextDoor, "robbers had masks and guns, forced the driver from van and left with van and contents." It took place at 66th and Deakin streets.
Why your professor may have violated UC Berkeley policy during dead week. They're prohibited from: introducing new course material, holding mandatory classes, issuing the final exam early, issuing a mandatory test/quiz, requiring the submission of paper or project when it's in lieu of a final exam.
Grade-in: Cups of coffee and piles of paper lay at the feet of 150 student employees who gathered in the Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union on Tuesday. The event displayed the work of graduate student instructors, or GSIs, readers, graders and tutors in a way that makes grading less isolating.
CS61A Final
Proposed Tax on Graduate Students’ Tuition Waivers Appears to Be Dead
How much does Math 1B get curved?
Private Room near Ashby BART - $995/month - Available on January 1st
31 House Republicans side with grad students on tuition tax
Course captures down?
Affordable tapestries in Berkeley?
Does anybody know when GSI’s have to have grades submitted and when we’ll be able to see them?
Grad students plead for mercy from U.S. tax overhaul
UC SAT help
Anybody want to do a CS189 collaborative learning group over the winter break?
Ed Lee, from his days as a young law student living on Blake Street to his time as San Francisco mayor, was deeply connected to Cal. He regularly asked aides to call Cal experts. He hired summer and academic interns from Berkeley and wouldn't miss the chance to shout "Go Bears" when he saw them.
From his days as a young law student living on Blake Street to his time as San Francisco mayor, Ed Lee was deeply connected to Cal. He regularly asked aides to call Cal experts. He often hired summer and academic interns from Berkeley and wouldn't miss the chance to shout "Go Bears" when he saw them
A surge in new orders means that Pacific Steel Casting in West Berkeley won’t shut permanently on Dec. 17, as previously announced, but will instead be open at least through the end of March 2018. Founded in 1934, Pacific Steel employs 80 union workers, down from its all-time high of 670 workers.
Despite some rumblings about a real estate bubble about to burst, home prices across Bay Area rose 11% year-on-year to October 2017. Median price of a single-family home: $800,000. A real estate expert compares those wanting to purchase a Bay Area home like "buyers … lining up [at] the Apple store."
CalFresh: For campus senior Sarah Funes, difficulties with food access have only added to the burden of living as a disabled student at UC Berkeley. Funes said she has a brain tumor that has made working difficult. "I'm always working. I've never just been able to be a student at (UC Berkeley)."
Cal men's basketball coach Wyking Jones' journey through Inglewood, Beirut. At age 13 he was routinely robbed by two gang leaders—they took candy from him when he was in first grade. But one time, finally, they promise to stop harassing him. They hear he's a good player and want to give him a chance
What is the absolute earliest that UC Berkeley would send someone in their last year of high school an acceptance letter?
Judith Butler -- Limits on Free Speech?
UC Berkeley Students Rip Down Kate Steinle Poster Hung at Vigil
Berkeley Campus Activists Disrupt Kate Steinle Vigil, Poster Found in Trash
What are some of the cheapest places to rent in the city?
Is it possible to do cs61a online to practice before going to Berkeley?
Has anyone else noticed a higher number of homeless people than normal on Telegraph during the last 2-3 weeks?
Berkeley Alums, What store used to be on Telegraph and Bancroft where the Subway currently is??
Retroactive Withdrawal
CLASSIC BERKELEY
Should I have studied earlier? .... NAAAAAAAWWWWW, hold on just onnnnne more youtube video, I swear.
"Fake" Braille placards installed on UC Berkeley campus buildings
Ed Lee, San Francisco's first Asian American mayor and the man who presided over the city's rise to the top of the tech world, died Tuesday 1:10am after suffering a heart attack. A UC Berkeley Law School alum, Lee was 65. He collapsed while shopping at the Safeway grocery store 10:30pm Monday.
Classless UC-Berkeley Thugs TRASH Kate Steinle Vigil. That is Unacceptable.
Updated. Now I have a REAL 100% Authentic no scam greenbook. :^)
How typical are these utilities charges?
Made my own cause they sold out
Atmosphere
Carol Christ inherited a slew of problems, and she has outlined ambitious plans to solve them. Five months in, how much of her ambition has been realized? She was praised for her commitment to open communication and transparency, a point on which faculty said Dirks' administration flubbed repeatedly
As Berkeley Unified School District prepares to make $1.8 million in cuts to its 2018-19 budget, a number of staff positions throughout the district are on the chopping block. Berkeley High Parent Teacher Association interviewed Allen Boltz, BHS dean of attendance, whose position might be eliminated
Berkeley Forum: Jason Kander, former secretary of state of Missouri and Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate in Missouri in 2016, spoke Thursday. When he was asked about what he would do differently in the next U.S. Senate race in order to win, he responded, "I wouldn't do anything differently."
Berkeley College Republicans, or BCR, held a candlelight vigil for Kate Steinle on Thursday evening, garnering criticism from local activists. Cal Berkeley Democrats president Caiden Nason expressed disapproval at the vigil, which he claimed "politicized" Steinle's death against her family's will.
Christopher Richardson has been playing the piano since he was 8 years old. He's a sophomore at UC Berkeley, and intends to triple major in music, economics and molecular and cell biology. He's on the pre-med track and is considering going into oncology.
Kate Steinle vigil trashed at UC Berkeley
Need a Green Book for tomorrow ASAP. Could I print one?
Best Co-Op Houses?
Someone dropped the ball
Give $15, Get $15- Gig CarShare is launching a Refer a Friend Program
what's this about cal not accepting international students? (serious)
Accountability group next semester?
BUSD decided a 2018 bond measure for workforce housing is not the way to solve the employee housing crisis, pushing decision to 2020. 800 employees filled out BUSD survey. 78% of renters who responded are facing housing pressure due to high costs and 54% considered leaving BUSD due to housing costs.
Way down in the hole: A reflection on dead week in Main Stacks. The closer students get to crunch time, the more absurd the atmosphere in Main Stacks becomes; premed students camp out in sleeping bags on the floor next to their study tables, four-course meals are discreetly eaten out of backpacks.
Code for 3 days, get hired by Google: Debugging hackathon culture. UC Berkeley's CalHacks drew 2000 people from around the globe. Interesting events by organizers include CS rap battles, raffles for some cool technology and cup-stacking competitions. Another popular activity is people-watching.
Anna Ho: On their golden anniversary, finding Berkeley in 'The Graduate'. "The film, like Berkeley, was created by and for its time … it is both difficult and anachronistic to draw direct comparisons. Each generation, after all, would insist on its own disillusionments."
Older Wiser Learners (OWLs) is a support group on campus that's gaining popularity with Berkeley's 1,660-plus undergraduate re-entry students, who are defined as age 25 and older and having had at least a five-year absence from college. Of those students 1,375 are between 25 and 34. The oldest is 75
UGBA 196 Final Fall 2017 Study Guide!
Former Stanford/Cal grad students: "our professors raped us"
Downtown Berkeley BART bike parking?
Francisco Pantojas is a rapist
Police arrested Andrania Yancy, 32, of Richmond, Thursday after she took items earlier this fall from lockers at two Berkeley gyms, then used stolen credit cards to spend more than $20,000. She broke into two lockers in the gym at the 3100 block of San Pablo Avenue back on Oct. 16.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "When the UC Berkeley Panhellenic Council waters down important presentations on equity and inclusion, it shows that it still doesn't take diversity issues as seriously as it should …It needs to apply the advice to the microaggressions that happen every day in Greek life."
Would you buy a $60 fruitcake? We did. Berkeley food artisan June Taylor, an Englishwoman, spends an entire year preparing the components that make up her traditional British Christmas cakes.
Blackout Challenge: UC Berkeley students Monday took a timeout from social media for prizes. It is a collaboration between the REST Zones Project and the Office of the Academic Affairs Vice President. One hour: a sleep mask. Two hours: a stuffed bear. Three hours: a pillow. Four hours: a blanket.
Cal alum Jelena McWilliams is Trump's choice to lead Federal Deposit Insurance Corp (FDI). Born in former Yugoslavia, she's a banking lawyer who worked on legislation opposing stricter banking regulations enacted by Obama administration. She is admired for her encyclopedic knowledge of banking law.
Where is a good cheap place to get my thesis bound around campus?
Where is a good cheap place to get my thesis bound around campus?
Why does there seem to be a lot more negativity surrounding UC Berkeley?
everyone scream out your dorm window at Sunday 10 pm
everyone scream out of your dorms at Sunday midnight
Prof. Ali Niknejad of UC Berkeley has suggested some great EE books
Tickets for graduation
[Men’s Basketball] Cal defeats San Diego State 63-62. Go Bears!!!!
Funny/Accurate Final Exam Advice
Concurrent Enrollment (non-degree) class question
Go beers!
Failing a PNP class!!!
Why does there seem to be a lot more negativity surrounding UC Berkeley?
Need some advice on what to do about Multivariable Calculus
Counter-Protest of Kate Steinle Vigil on Sproul Steps
Did anyone obtain any loans from either the school or an outside source?
Article: How the Republican tax bill could hit Bay Area residents
Why does there seem to be a lot more negativity surrounding UC Berkeley?
Mia Villanueva: Mother I'd Like to Fuck(ing criticize). "Society as a whole needs to stop regulating the bodies of mothers and our perception of them and simply let them live. Some mothers hide their sexuality and some mothers show it, and neither is indicative of their abilities as a parent."
A Berkeley High freshman on her bike was struck by a hit-and-run driver Thursday 7pm on Telegraph Avenue and Parker Street. She plays French horn in the honors band. The girl has a dislocated kneecap. She still hopes to play in the Band and Orchestra (BAO) winter concert Friday at 7 p.m.
The women-only Claremont Park Book Club celebrated its 100th birthday with a party at the Claremont Assembly Club on Hillcrest Road. The club wasn't even founded as a book group. The original group of women came together to knit socks and roll bandages for the British War Relief during World War I.
The FBI visited a North Berkeley home on Chestnut Street between Hearst Avenue and Delaware Street Friday 8am in what has been described by authorities only as "warrant activity." Details have been slim and at times have conflicted despite numerous calls and emails by Berkeleyside throughout the day
Star junior Kristine Anigwe leads Cal women's basketball to Lindsay Gottlieb's 200th win. No. 25 Cal women's basketball (6-2) broke away from San Diego (5-4) in the second half to secure an 89-64 win.
Are any of the campus gyms open over winter break?
Math 54 vs EE16A? which one is better?
ASUC Senate held an eight-minute meeting to address unresolved issues, including passing a resolution to list Cal Lodge, a campus property located in Norden, California, for sale. ASUC senator Hani Hussein, the chair of the ASUC's diversity commission, gave an update on the status of the commission.
Caragh McErlean: Her ex-boyfriend: "Even when we're not together anymore, I'll still care about you, no matter what." She later broke up with him. "He kept insisting he just wanted to be friends, but it was clear he was still into me. … As of now, I have four unanswered texts from him in my inbox."
Active Los Angeles fires burned over 83,500 acres. Cal junior Madison Avrea: "It really just breaks my heart knowing that when I come home for the holidays, it won't look like home anymore. And all I can do right now is watch it all happen while I'm finishing up the semester here in Berkeley."
An intern told Attorney General Jeff Sessions that he grew up in the projects and that people there were more afraid of the police than their neighbors. Sessions: "Well, that may be the view in Berkeley," he began, before saying law enforcement needs to "confront violent crime in America in cities…"
Housing crisis spurs Berkeley to consider a fast track for affordable housing. Berkeley City Council late Tuesday unanimously directed their planning commission to rewrite the rules so projects meeting Berkeley's zoning requirements will be automatically issued permits — without any public hearings.
Family Just got evacuated and the fire is less than a mile away from our home in San Diego area.
In need of someone who takes minocycline or doxycycline
What happened to this year’s Winterfest?
chem 1a final study guide
Didn't meet min unit req for L&amp;S for second semester
In need of someone who takes Minocycline or Doxycycline
Is UC-Berkeley a commuter school? I read all these news articles and whatnot that are about students who live like miles and miles from campus and have to catch trains to get to campus because it's way too expensive close to campus and whatnot. Are there a lot of non-traditional students?*
Southside / Downtown Package Thieves
Jordan Going to SEC. Will Cal represent the Pac-12?
Advice wanted for College of Natural Resources Transfer
Holiday shopping a cinch with UC Berkeley's gift guide. Local handmade goods. Toys. Design. Cal gear and merchandise. Museums. Performances. Gadgets. New books. Food and drink. Sports and health. Donate.
Randy Howard Katz, the United Microelectronics Corporation Distinguished Professor in EECS, was appointed Cal's vice chancellor for research. A 1980 Cal Ph.D. graduate who joined the faculty in 1983, he helped develop many of the wireless tools and fast, reliable computer storage we take for granted
The city of Berkeley will allocate more than $2 million to fund multiple homeless aid programs, as unanimously approved by City Council at its regular meeting Tuesday night. An allocation of $300,000 would also be made for an expanded winter shelter program.
UC Berkeley director of bands Robert Calonico announced Wednesday that he will retire from UC Berkeley in June, marking the end of his 28-year tenure. A born-and-raised Berkeley resident, Calonico attended UC Berkeley as an undergraduate. During Calonico's tenure, Cal band performed at Super Bowl 50
Kenthol Fenceroy Jr. of Oakland, a strong-arm robbery suspect who stole multiple laptops, was arrested by UCPD and BPD Thursday. He stole a laptop Oct. 17 at Crossroads Dining Hall and another laptop Nov. 8 on the Clark Kerr Campus. He evaded BPD when they attempted to stop him in his car Nov. 29.
Can you graduate while not meeting academic probation terms in your last semester?
Is L&amp;S a good place to "find one's self"/figure out your interests?
[EVENT: Sun, 12/10] Brown Girl Surf Year End Celebration!
[EVENT: Sun, 12/2] Brown Girl Surf Year End Celebration!
Rents are down in Berkeley and Oakland, but still out of reach for many
Global Management Program
Disco Dome &amp;#8211; Home of commercial grade jumping castles and inflatable water slides
Police respond to shooting report in North Berkeley
Posting again, can anyone comment on Env Design 4B?
Book clubs at UC Berkeley and around town?
Michelle Zheng: FOMO 2.0. As I was unable to achieve my previous goals, I lost confidence in my ability to secure a career in the creative industry. I decided to major in economics and media studies and minor in theater but I wanted to graduate in four years. I loaded up on 20 units for two years.
Michelle Zheng: FOMO 2.0. I ended up majoring in both economics and media studies by sophomore year. I decided to minor in theater but I wanted to graduate in four years as it was more conducive to future job prospects. I loaded up on 20 units and continued with that path for the next four semesters
Guy "Mike" Lee and community members from homeless encampments plan to wake up at 4am and spend 12 to 16 hours on Christmas day to cook dinner for Berkeley's homeless community, as they did on Thanksgiving. $100 has been raised through the GoFundMe, which Lee estimated will feed over 100 people.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: 700 still on streets. "Many council members, including Arreguín, ran on platforms to address one of the city's most dire situations. Now, their delay in acting on solutions to this issue is disappointing. We are in a homeless crisis. It's time to start acting like it."
Cal alum Daniel Quiroz, 29, died Nov. 22 after a crash in San Francisco. In Quiroz's name, the family asked that, instead of sending flowers, people send donations to the Kruttschnitt Aspire Scholarship Program at UC Berkeley, which supports low-income, underrepresented minority students.
With Berkeley housing prices so high, BUSD ponders building homes for its teachers. Some adults move back in with parents when they lose their jobs or hit hard times. Not Chloe Smith. The English teacher, who is in her mid-30s, moved back to her family's home in Albany after accepting a job offer.
Meditation Flash Mob- A great stress reliever for Finals, end of semester stuff, etc.
Easiest Upper Div Math?
Easiest Upper Div Math?
Diversity presentation leads to dispute within Panhellenic sororities at UC Berkeley
Op-Ed | UC Berkeley must hold Hatem Bazian accountable for anti-Semitic discourse
Anyone know if SLC has special dead week drop-in hours?
In need of a spouse for resident tuition
Petition for Late Change of Class Schedule
Visualize How Much Your Professors MAke
When do the co-op applications open for Fall 2018?
When can I apply for co-op housing for Fall 2018?
Am I the only non college student here?
Possible to switch discussion sections for a full class I'm already enrolled in?
Can anyone comment on how Env Design 4B is??
What do you guys do for cheap storage for like 4 months if you are studying abroad?
Joining a social frat as a transfer
I really fucked up (at UC Berkeley)...please advise...
What’s the best way to get to Tilden from campus?
Candlelight Vigil for Kate Steinle Thursday, Dec 7 at 6:30 PM Sproul Plaza
Sophie-Marie Prime: It's common for students to feel anxious about writing in college. It's a lot of pressure, and at the end of it, all of that stress and contemplation yields only a number—a piece of helpful feedback, at best. It often feels like we're writing into the void. But I love writing.
'A movement of free people': The history of Berkeley homeless encampments as protest. First They Came for the Homeless—which formed 2011 during Occupy San Francisco—initiate their first protest in Berkeley in 2014 against "privatization" of Berkeley Post Office. October 2016 the "Poor Tour" was born
Chancellor Carol Christ hired Collegiate Sports Associates to help cut costs and create revenue in Cal Athletics as the department faces concerns about its long-term financial sustainability. Its contract is for $75,000 plus expenses. Those costs are being covered by private donors.
Anyone taken an online course from a California community college?
Elizabeth Davis: "Although the city added 1,429 housing units between January 2014 and September 2017, only 10% of those units serve the people who need the most help. 90% of new units have been designed and priced for people with an income of 120% (or more!) above the city's median annual income."
Cal students took a break from their books Monday afternoon to commune with, stroke and take selfies alongside some llamas from Llamas of Circle Home on Memorial Glade. It is a "Dead Week" tradition, intended to help students de-stress while they study for finals. Puppies were brought in last week.
Anyone taken an online course from a California community college?
Double major worth it?
Double major worth it?
How much is too much to ask a professor to round up?
Is naked run happening this semester?
Student group sues UC Berkeley for alleged First Amendment violation
Net Neutrality protest, Thursday, Dec 7 at 6:00pm El Cerrito’s Verizon Store. 410 El Cerrito Plz El Cerrito CA 94530
Taking summer classes not at Berkeley
Need one of those head cones for a dog...
where can i go in berkeley to yell at the top of my lungs
Fall 2017 EECS De-Stress Week During RRR Week. EECS Department: "We encourage you all to take a break from studying and de-stress during RRR week by attending these fun events!"
Mayor Jesse Arreguín celebrated his first year in office and geared up for 2020 re-election Thursday at Cornerstone bar on Shattuck Avenue. The event was hosted by Arreguín and his campaign team, as well as by various Berkeley council members, Assemblymember Tony Thurmond and Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom.
Katrina Fadrilan: "There were the times I thinned my thick, wavy Asian hair, avoided eating Filipino food in front of my friends and daydreamed about having a less exotic name — my greater effort to erase my origins and to diminish the remnants of my family's native culture to feel truly American."
The National Institute for the Study of Transfer Students NISTS) recently recognized UC Berkeley senior Diana Castro as one of four 2018 national transfer student ambassadors. Since transferring, Castro has studied abroad in Paris and interned at Self-Help and Family Law centers in Alameda County.
Baela Tinsley, an out-of-state Cal senior, first considered getting married because it would help him get in-state tuition. While he used to pay approximately $20,000 after financial aid, UC Berkeley now covers the full cost of his tuition, and he receives money from the school for housing expenses.
SMOK G-PRIV 220W Touch Screen TC Box Mod - $99 - 861 - Ave40
UC Berkeley SJW Meltdown Over Exam
Where to take advantage of Student Discounts?
How hard are CS upper divs actually?
How to get girls&gt;send this.
Looking to transfer lease for Spring semester for on-campus apartment
Transformice on CalVisitor
Questions about "Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (3rd Edition) by Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig"
Imke de Pater and Dan Weisz, two UC Berkeley astronomers, are eagerly awaiting the spring 2019 launch of the James Webb Space Telescope, having been chosen to lead two of the first 13 groups that will test the capabilities of NASA's snazzy new successor to the Hubble Space Telescope.
Los Angeles Times columnist Paul Thornton on movement to remove Junipero Serra's name from Stanford: "Sorry, Stanford, you're stuck with Father Serra. … (Full disclosure again: I went to UC Berkeley, which is of course morally superior to Stanford and does not have to confront the Serra dilemma.)"
Daily Cal Editorial Board: When will sexual harassment culture at UC Berkeley change? "But so long as all of the Sujit Choudhrys and Norman Pattizs remain on their pedestals, Berkeley will never be able to build such an environment", "a safe environment, free of harassment and abuse".
UC President Janet Napolitano appeared alongside representatives from major tech companies to support the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which has protected and bolstered many undocumented students at UC Berkeley. The UC system has about 4,000 undocumented students.
Harry Pregerson, 94, a Berkeley law alum and judge who served on the federal bench for nearly 50 years, acquiring a reputation as one of the most liberal jurists in the country and proclaiming that "if I had to follow my conscience or the law, I would follow my conscience," died November 25, 2017.
Need help from IB alumni (UC application transcript)
How much do you guys like UC Berkeley on a scale of 1-10?
Any rhetoric majors out there?
How is Info 257?
How difficult is Stat 20?
How hard is an applied math major
Found on Center Street in downtown Berkeley. Left at Bagel Street Cafe. If you know her let her know please!
UCB Nutritional Science -- help
The "Harvard versus whorehouse" project: what is the toughest course you have done at Berkeley?
"No class, check. Unoriginal, check. Ugly, check." Watch a Facebook video of The Daily Cal's Fall 2017 opinion columnists read mean comments posted about their columns. Featuring Dohee Kim, Ismael Farooqui, Neil McClintick, and Michelle Zheng.
"No class, check. Unoriginal, check. Ugly, check." Watch a Facebook video of The Daily Cal's Fall 2017 opinion columnists read mean comments posted about their columns.
Ismael Farooqui: Why the humanities should be one subject. "One of the great problems with the humanities is the belief in its special claim to creative and critical thinking. How baffling this appears, when the most exciting innovations today are occurring in STEM."
Neha Zahid, a Cal junior double major in public health and molecular biology, came to rural Nepal villages in 2016 with a UC Berkeley-UCSF team to provide basic preventive dental care and emergency treatment, and measure indicators of oral health and nutrition in the local children and families.
Remembering the Victims of the Ghost Ship Fire. Among the dead: Cal grad Griffin Madden, 23. Griffin Madden’s father, Mike, launched a scholarship at Middlebury College, where his son studied Russian. Cal set up a scholarship for students enrolled in the philosophy and Slavic languages departments.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: When will sexual harassment culture at UC Berkeley change? "But so long as all of the Sujit Choudhrys and Norman Pattizs remain on their pedestals, Berkeley will never be able to build such an environment", "a safe environment, free of harassment and abuse."
A male student was attacked from behind by a male suspect with a black cane. The student was receiving treatment for an injury to the back of the head, at 11:58 a.m. The suspect is a Black male between 40 to 50 years old, 5 feet 9 inches in height and with short black hair and brown eyes.
Fear of Mediocrity
Urgent - housing for person in wheelchair!
[#15] Are you prepared for finals? Or prepared to take down the oppressive Berkeley Bourgeois? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
The Great American Single-Family Home Problem
People who save a spot in the library for hours, what does it feel like being such an asshole?
Advice appreciated: non-degree CS classes
Advice needed: non-degree Concurrent Enrollment CS classes
UC Davis to uc Berkeley transfer
Ethereum and Blockchain Campus Groups
I am your moderator. I did not sell you out to Big Telecom.
AP Management charging ridiculous Convenience Fees for paying bills online
Is it possible to cancel a SHIP waiver?
Importance of Grades (CS)
Econ Major needs help with programming
Stop motion animated recreation of the 1982 Big Game's "The Play" I created!
Classes missing from CalCentral Academic Summary
UC Berkeley's Blockchain Lab received a donation Wednesday worth more than $50,000 in the form of bitcoin, a prominent virtual currency and worldwide payment system. The electronic donation, gifted by the EchoLink Foundation, is the first of its kind at both the Blockchain Lab and on campus.
Mia Villanueva: "To every student-parent that continues to persevere on campus against all odds, thank you. Thank you for never taking no as an answer. Thank you for demanding that our unique demographic is heard and is understood. Thank you for raising babies that are friends to mine."
Isabel Lichtman: Coming out as gay in the wake of sexual assault. On losing her virginity, friends "congratulated me and asked what it was like and maybe looked at me in a different way. I had found…a sense of satisfaction in keeping up with the curve so great I almost forgot how disturbing it was."
Nuclear engineering grad student Kathy Shield and particle physics grad student Vetri Velan developed an online calculator to estimate how grad student taxes will change with the House of Representatives tax plan. The bill removes a deduction for waived tuition. Vetri: His taxes would rise by 30%.
Self-defense was not a factor for five men, including three from Berkeley (Tyrone Terrell Jr., Derrick McFadden and Aoderi Samad II), charged in the fatal shooting of a lone 24-year-old, Jordan Stevens, in Oakland last year, Alameda County Superior Court Judge Jeffrey Horner ruled earlier this week.
Deadline to enter lottery to live on water in Berkeley is Friday. The city of Berkeley is holding a lottery for a shot at 13 slips where people can moor their floating homes. The deadline for entering the lottery is Friday. Applications can be dropped off at the Marina office.
HS Junior with a College of Chemistry admissions question
Laughter Therapy Club of UC Berkeley
Health Hassles?
Fellow Cal Alumni: do you pay for the Cal Alumni Association membership? Why or why not?
Loud laundry room reslife
Is it possible to get university housing for the upcoming spring semester?
What class(es) can I take that will absolutely blow my mind?
Has anyone done the Gotoco program?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng on Twitter: "just went on reddit to see what the reactions were to my final column and im so fuckin dead LMAO…literally come onto my twitter and actually have a conversation with me…i'm not allowed to reply because of daily cal policy but if you @ me let's go"
Om Edibles, an all-female-run collective that manufactures medicinal cannabis, received a permit to operate in Berkeley. California Proposition 64 will legalize recreational cannabis sales in California beginning January 2018. Berkeley has at least five approved medical cannabis manufacturers.
It would cost the city of Berkeley nearly $1.2 million to provide 268 shelter beds for people experiencing homelessness this winter, according to court papers filed Tuesday in federal court. That would still leave at least "420 people in Berkeley unsheltered on any given night over the winter."
Grad Tax Walkout: UC Berkeley graduate students turned out in force at Cal on Wednesday to protest a proposed student tax hike they say could prevent non-wealthy students from pursuing graduate degrees. The rally mirrored many others that took place at universities around the country Wednesday.
Cal alumna Ruth Petersson Bancroft, a philanthropist and the founder of the famed non-profit Ruth Bancroft Garden of Walnut Creek, died at the age of 109. Her father was a classics professor here, and she married Philip Bancroft, grandson of Hubert Howe Bancroft, for whom Bancroft Library is named.
Issues with .edu email on gmail in Chrome?
How To Make A Passive Income As A Student!
Do you think students would be interested in a small "Social Implications of AI" course at Berkeley?
Transfer from out of state 4 yr into EECS worth it?
Data 8/Stat 88 vs. CS 10
"Useful" Courses
UC Berkeley is Ranked the Most Stressed Student Body
Counseling phone triage appointment
CS61A Lab and Discussion sections TBA?
[Men’s Basketball] Cal Defeats CSUN 83-63 to a roaring crowd in Haas Pavilion. Go Bears!
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: "I should be able to explore my fascination with queefs, public sex and oviposition (which is associated with a fetish of an alien appendage laying eggs inside you) without being inundated with abuse presuming I'm constantly disappointing my parents."
Equbot founders Chida Khatua and Art Amador met in a Haas entrepreneurship class. They created AI Powered Equity ETF (ticker: AIEQ), the world's first exchange-traded fund. It is powered by IBM's Watson machine learning technology to construct a stock portfolio and make rational investment decisions
The Daily Californian monitored more than 45,000 trips for 20 bus routes at 80 stops near campus in September and October. They collected data to analyze which AC Transit buses around UC Berkeley arrive later than expected. Daily Cal polled the NextBus API for real-time bus arrival predictions.
he Daily Californian monitored more than 45,000 trips for 20 bus routes at 80 stops near campus in September and October. They collected data to analyze which AC Transit buses around UC Berkeley arrive later than expected. Daily Cal polled the NextBus API for real-time bus arrival predictions.
Does anyone have the Astro C10 syllabus?
How would you, in theory, make a club sport like squash varsity?
Berkeley's third Chipotle location will open at 2225 Shattuck Ave. on Dec. 7, according to Chipotle spokesperson Chris Arnold. Construction for the restaurant began in early 2017, replacing a vacant space where Alko, a 105-year-old supply store, closed roughly three years ago.
Cal football suffered a drastic year-to-year attendance drop this season after home games at California Memorial Stadium brought in an average of 36,548 fans per game—a 22 percent drop from last year’s average of 46,628. Total ticket revenue: down $193,000 from Cal Athletics' preseason projections.
The ousted president of the Berkeley College Republicans, Troy Worden, has sued radical middle school teacher Yvette Felarca for close to $200,000 in damages over her attempt to obtain a restraining order against him.
Jesse Arreguin is using the threat of leftist violence to conduct a campaign of psychological warfare. Jesse Arreguin is a terrorist.
Is anyone else having problems with Gmail on Google Chrome?
How hard is it for an out of state resident to get into Cal for CS in L&amp;S?
EECS sucks
Recommendations for L&amp;S biology breadth requirement?
Schedule Advice
Racist Leftist Propaganda at Berkeley Way and Sacramento St
So what happened to that polisci179 lecture notes we’d share tho 👀 👂?
Anyone taking Poli sci 179 this semester that is willing to share notes? Would be greatly appreciated!
Tutoring Jobs in Berkeley
Neil McClintick: "I usually get sneers and a blunt 'how the fuck are you going to write about transfer students every week for an entire semester?' By brainstorming with faculty, my transfer friends, academic counselors, my GSI, my Tang Center therapist…now I'm ready to transfer out of this column."
Berkeley faced a housing shortage 75 years ago because of the booming war economy. On Dec. 1, 1942 the Berkeley City Council unanimously adopted proposed dog ordinance for an owner of a dog "convicted of chasing persons on bicycles or in motor vehicles." Penalties: $50 fine or 10 days in jail.
Two years after rejection, residents are trying again to get city landmark preservation status for Campanile Way, a historic Cal campus roadway. The application goes further by landmarking not just the path, but the view from the Sather Tower west across the city and bay to the Golden Gate Bridge.
American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California announced 11 Cal student group winners of Free Speech for Equal Justice awards. They collectively can spend $17,000 to bring speakers who advocate for equal justice through discussions of racial justice, immigrants' rights and LGBTQ+ inclusion.
Hedge fund Citadel picked a winning group of four Cal students at its data science competition at the New York Stock Exchange. They clinched a $100,000 cash prize at the Data Open Championship by working 16-hour days and lived off pizza and cupcakes in producing a 20-page report and presentation.
Difficulty of CS70 without much experience?
Meditation places near campus?
How to develop a healthy interest on men?
ee16b without 16a?
PC Repair Store Suggestions
Cal baseball player loses father, brother in weekend I-80 wreck
Every single salted cheese drink from Happy Lemon ranked
Berkeley Law Prof Urges Cornell to Uphold Freedom of Speech, Including Hate Speech
Winter Commencement?
For anyone needing some last-minute school spirit here are some 4K wallpapers I made...
Have you ever had a hard time finding your classmates? Try CollegeMate, a social networking app for college students.
Lonely and miserable at Berkeley
Thomas Hartsaso, 21, of Santa Cruz man was arrested Wednesday 4:05am after he allegedly attempted to steal a Zipcar vehicle at the North Berkeley BART station. He smashed the window of a vehicle, get inside and try to start it. Police from Berkeley and BART responded and arrested Hartsaso.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Alta Bates planned closure puts Berkeley residents at risk. "By 2030, Berkeley's only hospital will disappear: Patients will be forced to travel an extra 12 minutes by ambulance — potentially through Bay Area rush hour traffic — for emergency care in Oakland."
Daily Cal Editorial Board:Alta Bates planned closure puts Berkeley residents at risk. "By 2030, Berkeley's only hospital will disappear: Patients will be forced to travel an extra 12 minutes by ambulance — potentially through Bay Area rush hour traffic — for emergency care in Oakland."
Cody R. McGillivray: Those who support criminalizing the homeless lack gratitude. As a formerly homeless person it sickens me that housed commenters are so insensitive to the suffering on homeless people and are even demanding civil-rights violations.
Berkeley City Council is considering temporarily relocating chambers to 1011 University Ave, a potential location for the winter homeless shelter and affordable housing site. Kelly Hammargren: This is an example of the council's refusal to "actually walk the talk" when it comes to affordable housing
Hatem Bazian, a Cal ethnic studies lecturer, apologized for sharing Twitter memes the university said "crossed the line" into anti-Semitism. One retweet: an Orthodox Jewish man smiling and raising his arms above the caption: "I can now kill, rape, smuggle organs &amp; steal the land of Palestinians."
Fellow Berkelian nerds: I am an extreme introvert in a family full of extroverts, sometimes I feel like I'm weird? Can you relate and how do you rationalize?
UC President Napolitano has undermined state audits into the UC System
Engineering transfer questions
Passing CS 61A
Online class panicking
What type of stats and ECs got you into EECS?
Good dentist around the area (specifically endodontists)?
Prospective Berkeley undergrad student major selection help?
Troy Warden, BCR President, sues Yvette Felarca
Looking for help or helping others for classes before finals? Join this Discord!
What's the minimum SAT score you should have to have a realistic shot at EECS?
Over 500 UC Berkeley students have applied for food stamps since January 2017, up from 111 in all of 2016, and just 41 the year before. 1,549 unique visits in September to Food Pantry. Many students are signing up for food stamps, known as CalFresh, that can provide up to $192 a month for groceries.
Krissy Eliot: Money Talks: What's a Fair Price for Free Speech? The university is battling a budget deficit of $77 million. "So basically, the law protects free speech, but it doesn't seem to protect Berkeley's bank account from any group that wants to cry wolf."
A female was the victim of an attempted robbery on Upper Sproul Plaza on Thursday 7:30pm. One male asked her if he could borrow her cell phone, to which she said no and attempted to walk away. He began to approach her "aggressively." The suspects: three Black male teenagers, all with thin builds.
Westbound traffic on University Avenue has been temporarily diverted at Milvia Street after a fire erupted from a manhole early Saturday morning. BPD spokesperson Lt. Andrew Rateaver: "First responders (arrived) on scene just before 3:00 AM and found flames shooting out of the hole."
Intentional Vegetable is a pop-up dinner party featuring a Paleo-style meal free of gluten, dairy, soy, eggs, nightshades and alliums. Created by Lila Volkas, a nutritionist from Berkeley's Bauman College, and Kathryn Thompson, a chef/owner at Three Stone Hearth, the cooperative Berkeley kitchen.
Office for student conduct?
Cal &gt; Ole Miss &gt; South Alabama &gt; Troy &gt; LSU &gt; Auburn &gt; Alabama
Anyone going to the 49ers game tmr from Berkeley?
howdy calbears!!! does anyone have a reliable plug?
Where can I get fresh meat/produce within walking distance on Southside?
CS "Cyberwar" course?
[Football] Cal falls to UCLA 30-27, finish the season 5-7. Go Bears :(
@dailycal on Twitter: "The @dailycal vs. @stanforddaily feud is nothing new. In 1982, the year of The Play, the Stanford Daily published a fake issue of our paper in which they awarded themselves the win and distributed it at @UCBerkeley. Left was our real paper, right is the fake."
Berkeley is completing a pilot project that allows a small number of property owners without garages to install a residential electric car charging station. But it's expensive—participants adding curbside stations probably spend $5,000 to $10,000—and only a handful of people have done it.
Berkeley is completing a pilot project that allows a small number of property owners without garages to install a residential electric car charging station. But it's expensive—participants adding curbside stations probably spend $5,000 to $10,000,—and only a handful of people have done it.
Six UC Berkeley scientists were elected to the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) for "advancing science applications that are deemed scientifically or socially distinguished." They are: Ronald Cohen, Mark D'Esposito, Marla Feller, Alison Gopnik, Robert Knight and Paul Renne.
At Berkeley, a New Generation of "Ethical Hackers" Learns to Wage Cyberwar. For Cal professor Doug Tygar's students, there is an added incentive: every bug they catch through HackerOne also gets them points toward their final grades.
Erwin Chemerinsky and Howard Gillman: Professors are losing their freedom of expression. "We think a consistent rule is better: On campuses, no one should be censored or punished merely because of the ideas they express, and we should all stand against threats, harassment and violence."
Is it not worth submitting SAT Subject Tests Below 800?
Schedule Advice
Ami on the Loose: Berkeley Students React to US Flag
Is it possible to get electrical engineering and computer engineering jobs if you study CS L &amp; S?
Social Media and College Students
55 Years of KALX
Confusing transfer requirements
[Discussion] I would love to hear a friendly debate as to the pros and cons of keeping people's park in Berkeley.
College students and clean rooms
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng @thezhenger on Twitter: "my fav thing abt the people telling me i’ll never get a job bc of SOT is the fact that trumps talked abt grabbin pussy and wanting to fuck his daughter and he’s president. like i’m good fam. ya cant have your cake and eat it too yall!"
Berkeley may become home to the first tiny house youth village in the country, at least if homeless advocate Sally Hindman, the founder and executive director of Youth Spirit Artworks (YSA), has her way. Current data lists 105 homeless high-school students in BUSD and 295 homeless students in total.
The families of the six people killed and seven people injured when a balcony sheared off Library Gardens apartment complex in 2015 settled legal actions with the building's owner BlackRock and property manager Greystone. The complex was repainted in blue and gray and renamed K Street Apartments.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, an emeritus Berkeley business professor, announced she will step down from the Fed board as soon as Trump's nominee Jerome Powell is sworn in as the next chair. Trump made her the first chair in modern times to complete a first term without receiving a second.
Through a new student-led program called "Helping Berkeley Seniors in Their Homes," Zach Gamlieli recruited fellow Berkeley Student Cooperative students eager to spend an afternoon cleaning up the back garden of Peter White, 79, who lives alone and struggles to keep up with the pruning and weeds.
EECS/CS majors: Did you have to grind LeetCode/HackerRank/CTCI to do well in interviews?
How difficult will it be to get technical/software jobs from the big tech companies with an economics degree while taking CS classes?
Anybody down to sell meal points?
Anyone willing to share essays that got you into UCB?
How difficult is it to get software jobs in the big tech companies in Silicon Valley as an economics major taking cs classes?
Do I need the cs major for the software jobs in Silicon Valley, or could I just major in whatever else I’m also interested in while taking cs classes?
Drawing the Dinosaur Fossils on display at the Berkeley UC Museum of Paleontology
Messed up on UC estimated income please help
Will Soda be open 24/7 Thanksgiving weekend?
Shaked Salem: Best holiday gifts to purchase for people by major. "There's no better gift for a computer science major than a Kleenex box of tissues. They're going to need it for when they get their grades back after every midterm. We recommend heading to Costco and buying boxes of tissues in bulk."
On Thursday, filmmaker Ami Horowitz released a video documenting the reactions of people at UC Berkeley as he waved US and ISIS flags. Campus spokesperson Dan Mogulof called the video a "stunt that was apparently performed for the benefit of Russia's international television network."
Urban planner and former Berkeley Zoning Adjustments Board member George Williams died in his Berkeley home on Nov. 6. He was 89. Williams' academic and professional career, which included writing legislation for president Lyndon Johnson and lecturing at Cal, had impacts around the country and world
As the winter breeding season approaches, the peregrine falcons that call Cal home may expand their population. Students may witness the loud screeching and mid-air dives characteristic of the falcons' mating process, after peregrine falcons claimed the Campanile as a nesting ground in April.
William Cromartie, 55, is a BART station agent and former Cal student, who finds meaning through the simple act of greeting commuters. Cromartie notes with pride in the video he attended Cal, although in an interview with Berkeley News he admitted with a laugh: "I am one of your many dropouts."
Considering Switching to Engineering Physics (from chem E)
PS 179 Fall 2017 Study Guide!
Berkeley College Republican sues Antifa member for $100,000 in damages
61b online summer course equivalents?
Mobile Dating Survey
FCC. Bad.
ORMS Major?
Help with understanding GPA calculation
Berkeley streets
Maps by UC Berkeley researchers show broad gentrification in Berkeley
True Difference Between EECS and L&amp;S CS at UC Berkeley
Exchange students looking for some housing advice
A question about the student night life, hopefully..
Taking CS61A next semester? I'll do your homework for free. (NOT CLICKBAIT)
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: Though homosexuality has been normalized, adding descriptions of sexual deviancy continues to repel many. But when speaking with my friends and normalizing this ludicrousness, I was able to understand the complexities and dark sides to human sexuality.
The Daily Cal Editorial Board looked into each ASUC elected official's progress (five executives and 19 senators) compared to their respective campaign promises and found many, but not all, have had productive semesters. Editorials are written by the opinion editor, Suhauna Hussain.
A film based on Robert Reich's book Saving Capitalism debuts on Netflix. The reporter strings together a rich array of descriptors: "pugnacious economist," "multi-platform attack dog of the far left," "ardent critic of income inequality," "verbose gadfly," and "frumpy, sometimes pedantic professor."
Jose Paz-Leja, 26, a known member of the West Side Berkeley Norteño gang, was responsible for a shooting that happened on the 1500 block of Fairview Street Halloween night. He is in custody and has been charged by the Alameda County District Attorney's Office with three felonies and an enhancement.
Andrew Wild and Justice delos Santos: "With its 37-21 win over the Stanford Daily on Cardinal ground, The Daily Californian Ink Bowl squad managed to avenge a brutal loss two years ago and make Cal's loss in the Big Game an afterthought in the minds of everyone that mattered."
Looking for alternate Computer Science B.S. Majors that aren't a part of EECS in UC Berkeley
Neil McClintick: "Unfortunately, [Cal students] are also adversely affected by Prop. 13. Low property taxes have shifted K-14 funding mechanisms away from local districts, forcing the state to pick up the tab using money from the general fund that could have otherwise gone to higher education."
Cal's Stuart Russell, a top expert on artificial intelligence, is the driving force behind a scary new killer robot video with over four million online views. The video is a serious effort by computer scientists to show danger of a future with autonomous weapons that operate without human control.
The U.S. Department of Justice sent a letter to the city of Berkeley on Wednesday, warning that its sanctuary policies concerning immigration status may violate federal law. The letter requests that Berkeley and Alameda County submit a joint response by Dec. 8 to address these concerns.
It was Marathon Day 2017 in Berkeley on Sunday. Runners raised money to support official charity partner the Berkeley Public Schools Fund. The female winner was Madeline Duhon of Berkeley, with a time of 1:18:53. Duhon, a Ph.D. student in economics at UC Berkeley, is originally from Texas.
Berkeley, A Look Back. UC President Robert Gordon Sproul announced November 25 that the Berkeley campus would officially go on a year long schedule in 1943, with no summer break. There would be three 16-week academic terms, spring, summer, and fall.
AC Requirement Question
(Prospective Student) How hard is it to transfer majors in engineering?
[Men’s Basketball] Cal falls to No. 6 Wichita State Shockers 92-82
I am a HS student interested in ecology and wondering about the differences of an IB major or a MEB major. Can anyone help explain or point to somebody who can?
Pol Sci 179 Study Guide?
UC Berkeley students, immigration attorneys offer free legal consultations
Is a UC Berkeley a good school if you want to work in SoCal?
anyone here play league
UC Berkeley postdoctoral fellow funded by $63,200 Koch brothers donation in 2016. The postdoctoral student worked under campus classics professor John Ferrari, who said, "The student argued that (the 4th century B.C.E. philosopher) Plato was a thoroughgoing feminist, well ahead of his time."
For the upcoming winter, Berkeley currently has 150 year-round beds for 1,000 homeless individuals. James Blair: "When it's raining hard like this and in the middle of the night your tent floods, there's nowhere you can go. You can go under a doorway somewhere and get kicked out soon after."
The Cheese Board Collective is looking to expand its operations in Berkeley. The organization, which includes a bakery, cafe and pizza shop, plans to take over the Berkeley Produce Center on Shattuck Avenue and Vine Street. Cheese Board is operated and owned by its workers.
As the anniversary of the "Ghost Ship" fire approaches, Julia Prodis Sulek and Matthias Gafni, two local journalists who received a Pulitzer Prize for their reporting on the tragedy, spoke at UC Berkeley on Friday. The Q&amp;A was an open lecture for Cal professor Jon Winet's art history seminar.
Anna Tseselsky: Temporary housing, constant stress. Renee Levin, a freshman in Unit 1, about her experience in temporary housing: She described feeling "not really welcome" by her peers and "hostility from (her) RA" because she and her roommates were perceived as "disrupting floor life."
Does Cal admit by major for l&amp;s?
Does cal admit by l&amp;s major?
How to calculate Major GPA?
Getting research - I'm having some trouble
Can I sell someone 400 meal points for 350 bucks?
The Stanford Daily tried to pick a Twitter fight with The Daily Cal. DC: "That's what we'd like to know because your website literally looks like a blog template from 2008." "Maybe if you spent more time posting articles and less time roasting us you'd have more than 10.8k followers @stanforddaily."
@dailycal: "DAILY CAL TAKES #INKBOWL 2017!!!" Score: 37–14. The Ink Bowl is a game of flag football between The Daily Cal and The Stanford Daily the morning of the Big Game.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: GOP tax plan would devastate graduate students. "Based on a review by UC Berkeley physics graduate student Vetri Velan, public school graduate students would see tax increases of about 30 to 60 percent." Cal graduate students already scramble to cover their basic needs.
Berkeleyside was honored for overall excellence in online news at an awards ceremony by San Francisco Press Club on Thursday night. Berkeleyside writers Frances Dinkelspiel and Emilie Raguso, and freelancer Alix Wall, also won first-place awards for individual stories in the digital media division.
Berkeley police received multiple calls about gunfire in South Berkeley Friday night. Calls began to come in at about 11:20 p.m. about gunfire heard from the 1500 block of Harmon Street, the 1300 block of Ashby Avenue and from Carrison and Acton streets. One caller also heard a vehicle speed off.
Graduating without regrets/Dead social life
At least we'll always have this...
[BIG GAME] Cal falls to Stanfurd 17-14. Life is literally meaningless.
Another year with the Axe.
2017 Big Game streams from /r/CFBStreams. Berkeley vs #22 Stanford (5:00 PM PT)
Exactly how expensive it is to live in Berkeley?
Where to watch the Big Game in the Inland Empire?
Anxiety and self-worth lately
Would you say that these SAT subject test scores are competitive for EECS? Also have a question regarding CS L&amp;S and ABET.
Askin for a friend. Shes a stats major that wants to take CS189 (machine learning). She has the prereqs but haven’t taken data structures/algorithms. Is this doable?
Would you say that these SAT subject test scores are competitive for engineering?
Playing game on ssh OCF?
Underneath the "Beat Cal" sign hanging from a Stanford University building swim many rubber duckies with "Cal" written on them in a fountain near Cecil H. Green Library. Several anonymous Cal seniors said in an email they committed the prank on Stanford's campus in light of the Big Game on Nov. 18.
Big Game Logistics
Andrew Wild: "If Cal needs more motivation, the Cardinal will have the longest winning streak in the history of the Big Game if they manage to take care of business at home. With so much on the line (in both pride and tangible football results), the Bears should at least go down swinging."
A dramatic scene that unfolded Friday morning on Alcatraz and Sacramento in South Berkeley was mistaken by some as an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) raid. BPD needed to clarify on Twitter that the incident of serving an arrest warrant was not related in any way to an immigration sweep.
The UC Board of Regents admonished UC President Janet Napolitano for approving a plan that led to her office's interference in a state audit of its operations. The regents have directed Napolitano to evaluate the culture within the UC Office of the President that may have led to the interference.
Jenny Oh's first Thanksgiving in Berkeley was made brighter on Thursday, when UCPD officers and staff delivered almost a full Thanksgiving meal to her door. The junior English major and single mom of two signed up for help from UCPD, which gave out turkeys, fixings and $40 supermarket gift cards.
Hey y’all I know this is kind of a stretch but I lost my black Calvin Klein wallet on a 51B bus. It has all of my student cards in it. If someone finds it, I would really appreciate it.
MS only vs MS/Ph.D. in EECS
Taking a self-guided tour. thoughts?
Berkeley police: 'Robbery crew' targets college-aged pedestrians near Cal
Is Berkeley the Yale of the West?
ECON 101A Without Taking Econ 1 or 2
ECON 101A Without Taking Econ 1 or 2
Mia Villanueva on her goals to have a successful education and career after having her son at 20: "I completed my first degree at UC Berkeley, and I started working for a marketing/PR firm in San Francisco that consults exclusively with tech companies that are quite literally changing the world."
Isabel Lichtman on the show Intervention about addicts: "I could see myself in their desperate, bloodshot eyes. My ability to relate to addiction allowed me to break down the barrier between addicts and those without a problem and to see the addicts as people with families and stories and goals."
The Berkeley School Board voted unanimously Wednesday to scrap the name of LeConte Elementary School. Joseph LeConte, a UC Berkeley geologist and conservationist not only owned slaves in Georgia but continued speaking and writing about the inferiority of black people for decades after the Civil War.
Berkeley's Fair Campaign Practices Commission will discuss tonight whether Mayor Jesse Arreguín violated local election laws when Jacquelyn McCormick, his campaign manager, spent $3,339.66 on supplies for his campaign but was not reimbursed within 45 days.
Why didn’t we let Bill Maher speak?
Berkeley mayor Arreguín investigated over possible campaign violations
It's Big Game week. In honor of the 35th anniversary of "The Play," a football game company called YCF put together a stop-motion Lego version, recreating the play with Joe Starkey's original "The band is on the field!" commentary. The 120th Big Game starts at 5 p.m. Saturday in Stanford.
[Men’s Basketball] Cal defeats Wofford 79-65, move to 2-1.
How do you study for an "open everything" exam?
Project-based or client-based courses/opportunities where you can put projects on a resume/portfolio?
Happy hours in Berkeley
The House Just Voted to Bankrupt Graduate Students
School of Information - Course difficulty?
Interdisciplinary Studies Major
Best places to ornament shop?
If you have an interest in state or local politics, including higher ed policy, check out /r/California_Politics!
Dealing with crushes
Any idea if an exchange student can get into local only classes?
John from "Knack" saved my ass... This post is for him.
Two young men — including a teenager walking his dog — were shot in the leg while walking in the same South Berkeley neighborhood in the past two weeks, police report, though both are expected to survive. There have not been many shootings in Berkeley this calendar year. The last was in August.
After 15 years of service, UC Berkeley Vice Chancellor Scott Biddy—lead campus fundraiser—will retire. He spearheaded the Campaign for Berkeley: Despite an inauspicious launch the same week as the start of the 2008 global financial crisis, it raised $3.13 billion, breaking fundraising records.
UC Regent Norman Pattiz, whose current term expires in 2026, has no intention of leaving UC Board of Regents after sexual harassment and loaded firearm brandishing allegation. Pattiz: "I've been around for 15 years. I've seen students protest everything and anything. I never thought it would be me."
New grants from the Hewlett 50 Arts Commissions. UC Berkeley art practice associate professor Greg Niemeyer, DJ Spooky and the Internet Archive will collaborate on an 11-movement multimedia production about origins of the Internet and what needs to happen to keep it accessible, neutral, and free.
Cal doctoral candidate Dan Hammer was awarded the first-ever Pritzker Emerging Environmental Genius Award for his work to make satellite imagery more accessible and understandable for journalists reporting on the environment. The $100,000 prize was created by a UCLA institute.
Interdisciplinary Studies major?
What to do on a Friday night as a visiting senior in HS?
Can visiting high school seniors get into parties on the weekend?
I'll buy your extra Big Game student ticket
Withdrawing from one class
CS Upper Div courses
UC Berkeley Names America's #1 Value College
I want to enroll at Berkeley and I have 2 years to prepare. What do I do?
Has anyone taken Music 159?
Transfer to CS
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: Stuff I've shoved up my holes. Jumbo Yellow Glue stick, Comix (done at age 11): 0/10. Rounded Black Whiteboard Marker (done at age 12): 2/10. Hummingbird Flosser, Oral-B (done at ages 13–16): 9.5/10. "So, if my dentist asks: Technically, yes, I do floss."
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: Stuff I've shoved up my holes: Ranked. Jumbo Yellow Glue stick, Comix (done at age 11): 0/10. Rounded Black Whiteboard Marker, Generic (done at age 12): 2/10. Hummingbird Flosser, Oral-B (done at ages 13–16): 9.5/10.
Berkeley's hate crime rate at 11 per 100,000 was more than three times as high as the average for cities in California. Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin: "When a presidential candidate openly vilifies immigrants, Muslims, Latinos, women, and the LGBT community, and empowers bigotry and hatred…"
Daniel Rush, a former union organizer and former chair of the Berkeley Medical Cannabis Commission, was sentenced to 37 months in prison Monday for his involvement with fraud and money laundering. Rush, 57, who now lives in Crescent City, must report to the U.S. Marshals office in Oakland on Jan. 15
No. 2 Cal dominates No. 7 Stanford at Triple Distance Meet. Cal men's swim and dive head coach David Durden: "It was cool to see that and to have fans on the course for a majority of the 25-yard course was really cool. We had the benefit of swimming at home."
Before the court proceedings, Emilie Inman's mother attempted to introduce herself to, and acknowledge, a woman she thought might be Pablo Gomez's mother: "Are you Mrs. Gomez? I'm Emilie's mom," she said. "We don't want to talk right now," said a young man seated beside the woman, curtly.
Cognitive Science major?????
Question on transferring from undeclared to computer science
Don't Have a Valid Enrollment Appointment
I just wrote a blog on free residential parking in Berkeley!
UC STEM degrees
Any good suggestion on an AC class?
Paid Research Study on Mood and Substance Use During Final Exams (College Students)
I'm a Senior. Scared that I don't have my future set. What should I do?
Algorithmic Accountability from Academia
Difference between URAP and Beehive?
URAP vs. Beehive?
Viewing Parties for Big Game?
Neil McClintick: "After eight weeks of reproaching UC Berkeley's particular treatment of transfers—from housing to campus climate—I'll still gladly tell prospective transfers that they should shoot for becoming a golden bear. This prestigious yet dingy university provides career-excelling avenues…"
Boricuas, a UC Berkeley-based Puerto Rican student group created in response to Hurricane Maria, sent students to the island territory after the hurricane hit in September. Betsabé Castro Escobar brought with her 200 pounds of supplies and $2,000 to purchase food and water at local grocery stores.
This week, for the first time, not only Berkeley but the entire UC system is observing annual National Hunger and Homeless Awareness Week, Nov. 12-17. A $2 million fundraising campaign for student health and wellness tops the comprehensive list of activities planned this week at Berkeley.
UC Berkeley emeritus professor of music Richard Taruskin accepted a Kyoto Prize in arts and philosophy last week from the Inamori Foundation for his contributions to the study, performance and critical discourse of early music, modern Russian music and Western music history.
Cal student and stabbing victim Kiana Schmitt testifies against Pablo Gomez, who murdered Emilie Inman. "I saw Pablo pacing with a knife (and a) lot of blood on the ground and on the knife (in the backyard)." Schmitt alleged that Gomez asked her for help to clean up the blood.
Does anyone live at Loth?
Really want to go to a co-ops room2room!
Any co-ops having a room2room?
[survey] SHU student looking for current UC Berkeley students to take a quick survey about the school for her Media Arts Senior Project, thank you!!!
Professor Martha Olney sent this email to her students last week.
What’s up with all the special lights on campus tonight?
Anyone know how chill Professor Cohen (American Studies) is?
Classes for public speaking?
Has anyone successfully gotten a professor's permission to enroll in their waitlisted class?
NO WAITLIST FOR MATH 53??
99 years: WWI Armistice Day in Berkeley, 1918: By the end of 1917, 3,070 male students had reported for duty. Another 889 joined the ranks of the military in 1918. Every day, the front pages of Berkeley's papers, including The Daily Californian, would be plastered with enlistment advertisements.
Every Kid in a Park—a campaign launched by former president Barack Obama—allows UC Berkeley undergraduates to serve as interns trained by the park service rangers to lead field trips for fourth grade students from Richmond and San Pablo to Rosie the Riveter/WWII Home Front National Historic Park.
Being homeless in Berkeley: Cal junior transfer Hash Khan lives in a school bus. He found he had to spend at least $13,984 for an on-campus dorm in a triple — about $1,500 per month. "It's insane to be spending more than my parents' mortgage on a spot in a triple. I'm pretty annoyed and frustrated.”
A small fire struck a homeless encampment near Second Street in West Berkeley on Sunday at 2:45am. Acting Berkeley Fire Chief Dave Brannigan said a single engine was able to handle the blaze, which burned trash and plastic, and was likely caused by heating or cooking.
Jeremy, a Street Spirit vendor in his 80s, was struck in the face Saturday when he intervened to stop a hate incident outside Elmwood Cafe between a man described as a "nomad" and a lesbian family (Cal professor Kristina Hill and her wife and 10-year-old daughter). The man said: "lesbian bitches".
What is there to do in Berkeley besides food and bars? What do you like to do when you hang out with friends?
Waitlisting for a Discussion...
Co-ops for non-students?
I’m a grad student, and the Republican tax plan could cost me thousands of dollars
Big Game time announced: Cal and Stanford a 5 PM Pacific kickoff on FOX
[Men’s Basketball] Cal defeats Cal Poly 85-82 for our first win of the season
What architectural style is Boalt Hall
How does office hours work?
Cal alum Ravinder S. "Ravi" Bhalla, 44, was elected as the first Sikh mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey this week, following a campaign marred by racist rhetoric and anonymous fliers depicting the ultimately successful candidate as a terrorist.
The leadership of Berkeley College Republicans is getting a shakeup that could alter the trajectory of the club's future. On Thursday, sophomore Bradley Devlin unseated senior and club president Troy Worden to take BCR's helm. Devlin did not like rightward lurch under Worden's leadership.
Berkeleyside special: Mapping Berkeley's "housing pipeline" with new city data. A new "pipeline report" by city planning staff offers a broad look at dozens of housing projects in the works in Berkeley. About 1,400 units, in 20 projects, are pending review.
Women's basketball: Cal's pesky guards turned aggressive defense into high percentage shots early on during Friday night's 87-80 win over St. Mary's. Whether it was opening game excitement or nervousness from, 14 fouls were called in the first quarter of play, irritating players on both sides.
Dohee Kim: "As a Korean American, I am always faced with a perhaps trivial decision: Should I go by Dohee Kim or Nicole Kim? … At The Daily Californian, I chose Dohee Kim as a reminder for myself to fearlessly own my identity on a platform under close scrutiny."
best entry level Autodesk/Autocad class?
Does the dorm mailroom accept outgoing FEDEX packages?
Tomorrow at noon... come and hang out with the beautiful migrating birds at Lake Merritt!
Tang Center visits with SHIP waived?
I'm the Littlest Bear and I live at South Hall and I'm leaving my 3rd circle from the left to answer your questions today! Ask me anything! AMA
Quiz bowl at Berkeley?
Best way to go about school as a Prelaw?
The Berkeley Police Department, in partnership with the Berkeley Police Association (BPA), will be providing Turkey Baskets to those community members most in need for Thanksgiving. Its origin dates to 1983 when three BPD officers rode their bicycles from Berkeley to South Lake Tahoe.
Anna Tseselsky: "College is a terrifying and unfamiliar world and so are the emotions that come with it. It's why so many college students struggle with mental illness silently, and it's probably why so many of us use self-deprecating, detached humor to talk about our mental health with our peers."
[Men’s Basketball] Cal falls to UC Riverside 74-66 for the first game of the season. Seriously?
Tips for succeeding in Ochem
Berkeleyside senior reporter Emilie Raguso accepted Thursday the Journalist of the Year honor from the Northern California chapter of Society of Professional Journalists. "The board commends Raguso for providing the kind of nuance, context and depth that exemplifies the best community journalism."
Cal is planning on increasing tuition by 2.6 percent next year, at which several ASUC Senators expressed frustration. In fiscal year 2007, 18 percent of the campus's revenue was generated through tuition and fees, as opposed to 33 percent in fiscal year 2018.
Franco Moretti, an Italian-born UC Berkeley visiting professor in the 1980s, is facing allegations of sexual harassment and rape by Kimberly Latta, a former campus graduate student. In a Facebook post Sunday, Latta said Moretti allegedly stalked, pressured and raped her in her Oakland apartment.
Can everyone just shut up about impostor syndrome
Should I try to transfer into COE
Let's share resources! (I'm a senior willing to help people out)
Getting health information?
Good seafood in Berkeley? (popcorn shrimp?)
Lan Parties at Berkeley?
How's Gaston Sanchez?
Kitties at Your Basic Bird
In 2016, 16% of Cal students used campus counseling centers—4% higher than the national average. Tang Center spokesperson Kim LaPean: "That more students utilize our services here does not mean that our students are more anxious here. Everyone wants to know why and we don't have the perfect answer."
Mia Villanueva: "As a mom myself, I had been there. … I knew what it was like to read countless bedtime books only to have him be more awake than when I began. I also knew that after hour one, however, it was dad's turn. For many student-parents who are single parents, it is always their turn."
Isabel Lichtman: When my sister told me she was trans, I almost laughed. I didn't understand why she screamed in disgust when I asked her to put off transitioning until we were no longer in the same school. My intolerance was the result of an appalling lack of education.
Raina Yang: "I don't remember why I chose to show her these pictures [of scars and bruises]. Perhaps I was trying to prove that I was the lonelier one. Perhaps I was just seeking sympathy. Either way, my strategy didn’t quite work. 'I used to do that, too. And I know a lot of people who did that.'"
"We here at The Daily Cal compiled a list of the best places to cry on UC Berkeley campus for your convenience. They have all been tried and tested, from the middle of Memorial Glade to the depths of Main Stack. Use these as a starting point for all your crying adventures – the options are endless."
A female UC Berkeley student was robbed of her silver MacBook Pro on Durant Avenue 7pm Wednesday. A male suspect ran up to her and allegedly grabbed her laptop case and its contents out of her hand. The suspect: Black male of medium build, about 20 years of age and 5 feet 9 inches in height.
Schedule for next semester?
Equinox
Beyond the First: Healing and Harmful Speech - The chancellor's next free speech-related event will take place this Monday from 4 - 6 p.m.
Free Showing of Dr. Strangelove at the New Parkway Theater in Oakland at 3pm on Sunday
Winfried Kudszus for German R5B
Bring back the pier!
Housing is coming to Berkeley...slowly...
Parth Vohra, a Cal junior from India, writes about pursuit of happiness as an international student. He starts with the challenge of working up courage to say Hi to a girl he liked and interweaves that with other experiences that drew him out of homesickness and inspired him to explore his options.
100 computer science students are in an experimental "cyberwar" course from Doug Tygar. Students have joined the community of so-called white hat hackers at HackerOne, a vulnerability coordination and bug bounty platform. The program is a first for HackerOne in working with a higher ed institution.
A new small-format Target store will open Nov. 12 at 1414 University Ave. The new location will also include a CVS Pharmacy and a Starbucks café. At its opening, Berkeley West Target employees will distribute complimentary reusable bags to the store's first 1,000 customers.
Cal Berkeley Democrats announced its endorsement of Delaine Eastin for the 2018 California governor race via Facebook on Tuesday because her progressive values were similar to its own. Membership and involvement in Cal Dems has spiked this year, after the results of last year's election.
A visual time capsule of 1971 San Francisco, Oakland and Berkeley through tech pioneer Nick DeWolf's incredible street photos. He is best known for co-founding Teradyne. His lens caught the era's wild hairstyles and fashions, which hadn't quite thrown off the trappings of Summer of Love hippiedom.
Are there any good study spaces on campus that are not libraries, given that the libraries will be closed/have very limited hours this weekend?
BAT BOY: THE MUSICAL— BARESTAGE PRODUCTIONS
Any way to get out of American Cultures?
Cal alumni Ravi Bhalla just won the election, making him the first Sikh Mayor in Virginia's history
Bedbug problem
Anyone still play Pokémon Go?
The Rise of the Campus Meme
What would happen if I did not input a class?
Grad Students Are Freaking Out About the GOP Tax Plan. They Should Be.
What Happens if you don't pay the UC Berkeley parking ticket?
The GOP Tax Bill Would End Tuition Waivers And More Than Double The Tax Burden Of Some Students. Call Your Congressperson Today!
61B + 70 Doable over the Summer?
Can I take math 1B at a city college?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: Give me smut and nothing but. "After a long day sometimes I just want to pull a simple porn-without-plot from my spank bank. All I need to tickle my clit is a good ol' fic of Legolas using his healing dick to liberate his Gimli from the clutches of his lust."
The city of Berkeley could pull in an estimated $800,000 in new taxes on short-term rental units by the end of June aided in part by an agreement with Airbnb to help collect that money. The city estimates there are 1,000-3,000 short-term rentals in Berkeley—on websites like Airbnb, VRBO and HomeAway
Cal alumna Allison Ryan: "I am angry and horrified to hear UC Berkeley is planning to use academic-designated funds to pay down the Memorial Stadium debt. I've been donating to UC Berkeley every year since I graduated… This decision makes me seriously rethink whether to donate to Cal in the future."
Posters that read "It's Okay to be White" were found at various locations at Cal Friday. An anonymous 4chan user posted an image of himself holding up an "It's Okay to Be White" sign Friday, alleging he had "blitzed the (UC Berkeley) campus" with the signs, including "the ethnic student center."
What's the quality of Berkeley's tap water? High lead levels were found in water fixtures at three San Francisco public schools in October, according to the San Francisco Unified School District, raising questions about the quality of Berkeley's own tap water.
Prof Abbeel launches new robotics start-up
AA meetings for UC Students?
History 100AC
HELP! Please name me spots I can find a microwave in campus.
Wifi down?
Chancellor Christ's Office Hours - a few spots left for students
PSA/Rant: Please stay at home if you're sick
Neil McClintick: "In a year of contested college rankings against UCLA, it feels traitorous to bring this up — but the No. 2 public school in the world kicks Cal's ass when it comes to transfer housing. Every new admit is guaranteed housing in a transfer-specific unit for the entire first year."
"Lead the resistance": After 1 year as Berkeley mayor, Jesse Arreguín says his work is far from over. "When [Trump] makes deep cuts on housing and homeless services, we need to continue to invest in the human needs of people in our community." Cities can be "the laboratories of social change."
Amid wildfire risk in Bay Area, UC Berkeley Office of Emergency Management is set to lose 50% of its staff because of cuts. OEM organizes large-scale campus drills, such as this past summer's Golden Alliance 2017, an earthquake response simulation that included about 400 participants across campus.
At "stroller brigade" of 300 people, local officials, nurses and families rallied outside Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Berkeley Sunday to protest Sutter Health's plans to shut down what they call the "birthplace of the East Bay." It plans to move all acute care services to its Oakland campus.
A year after mayoral elections, Laurie Capitelli, Jesse Arreguín's main competition, enjoys spending more time with his family—something he was not able to do while on council. He now works with Berkeley Democratic Club to educate voters and enjoys not having the pressure of being a public servant.
"I wanna go fishing" in Pimentel Hall
Kamalas 100a midterm
Time to address the elephant in the room: Badge Wearers.
Police release photographs of 'felonious assault suspects' from Berkeley protests
UC BERKELEY “Diplomas From Berkeley Are Worthless,” Says Facebook Commenter With Pick-Up Truck in Profile Pic
UC Berkeley to help athletics department pay debt on Memorial Stadium
Big Game Start Time?
Summer 2018: When does the class schedule get released?
Marvin Olasky, editor in chief of WORLD magazine, spoke to a crowd of about 30 UC Berkeley students and community members about Christianity and politics Thursday at an event hosted by The Berkeley Forum. According to Olasky, a college education is "supposed to be triggering."
Candace Chiang: stereotypically asian: A poem. "i'm probably a stellar example of the 'model minority.' i'm at a top college. i did well in school. i'm even pursuing computer science, and so supposedly, i will land a six-figure job right out of college. but that barely tells you anything about me."
The burden of representation. At the hub of modern college activism, Cal student-athletes are afraid to speak out. Why? Cal football player: "You have this student body that believes these guys are just football players and they shouldn't be on scholarship (because) I work harder than them."
Starting last Friday, the Campanile's first dozen bells—cast in England during World War I by the John Taylor &amp; Co. bell foundry and hung in fall 1917—will get their own celebration on the 100th anniversary of their campus musical debut. They were rung at a Nov. 3, 1917 Cal-Washington football game.
Rachel Gregory: The myth of mourning. "When I was 13, my father was diagnosed with stage IV colon cancer. A mass had been living inside of him for eight years, unbeknownst to us, slowly depleting him of energy. I was in Myrtle Beach when I found out." He now faces a lifetime of neuropathy.
What are the most popular bars for students/grad students? Trying to find a good area for an apt within walking distance, moving from out of state
Norwegian Exchange Student looking to meet Americans
Cool stuff to see and do at or around the University?
is the career center alumni advantage worthwhile?
Car stolen on Bancroft Way, white Jetta 2010
Car stolen on Bancroft Way. White Jetta 2010
uc Berkeley concurrent enrollment from UC Davis
UC Berkeley Haas school of business ranked 7th best business school in the world by The Economist. UCLA ranked 6th, Stanford 5th.
Are people in your engineering class smarter than your high school classmates?
No.2 Cal Men's Water Polo beats (previously) No.1 USC 6-3 on Senior Day. Golden Bears won despite missing team MVP Luca Cupido due to an illness.
Zhihuan Li: The death of Darwin, a cat beloved by the Berkeley community, is a crime, not just a community curiosity. Someone killed a cat by recklessly and dangerously speeding in a residential zone, a fact that seems to have been forgotten by many who argue that cats should stay indoors.
Berkeley City Council voted unanimously Tuesday evening to divest from all U.S. Immigration and and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, service providers. Berkeley will dissociate from companies found to be involved with creating databases that can be used to target immigrants and religious minorities.
The members of the homeless encampment at the "Here There" installation moved out Saturday morning, before BART had a chance to kick them off the site. By 2 p.m., some had begun reestablishing the camp on the lawn in front of Old City Hall, on Martin Luther King Jr., Way, where the council meets.
Mitchell Santos Toledo graduated from UC Berkeley and is now at Harvard Law School. After being selected class valedictorian, he decided the time was right to publicly share his immigration status. On behalf of students like Santos Toledo, UC has sued the federal government to keep DACA going.
[Football] Cal defeats Oregon State 37-23 at home for Senior Day. Go Bears!
Car stolen last night on Bancroft Way. White VW Jetta 2.5 2010
Favorite chicken wings in the area?
Score Deadline
Study Spots Over Veterans' Day Weekend
Please Report and Repost This involving Terrorism at UC
James P. Massar on eviction of homeless people from otherwise-unused land BART owns in South Berkeley: Under eyes of the law, homeless people lack right to exist. Massar is a long-time ally and contributor to First They Came for the Homeless.
After almost 24 years serving homey Japanese dishes in Norikonoko, a much-loved restaurant that resembles a doll’s house, Noriko and Takumi Taniguchi will be closing the door for the last time on Nov. 19. "The landlord told us that we would have to leave after 5 p.m. on Dec. 31, 2019."
"The Daily Californian is collecting stories about students crying on campus. … If you're comfortable, tell us about a time you cried and where it happened, be it a hidden corner in Dwinelle Hall or the middle of Memorial Glade. Also include why you were crying, whether you were happy or sad."
UC Berkeley has cut its multimillion dollar deficit in half from fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2017. The deficit decreased from $150 million in fiscal year 2016 to $77 million at the close of fiscal year 2017 — surpassing the campus's goal of $110 million, Chancellor Christ said.
The Wooden Duck, a Berkeley furniture maker known for its work with salvaged wood, is going out of business, and, beginning Saturday morning, it is selling off its trove of salvaged "Cal Stadium Wood" that dates back to 1923. "Planks too splintery to sell [most of the seating] will be given away."
Korean courses in the bay area?
Thinking of moving to Berkeley to join Antifa
UC Hentai
Social life on campus?
I’m a senior who feels like I haven’t been to a lot of parties throughout college. What’s the best way to get into frat parties given that I don’t know many frat members?
The refusefacism group has been planning nationwide anti-Trump protests beginning this Saturday, Nov. 4th. Will this affect Berkeley? Should we expect more riots?
Survey for Filipina engineering majors who are community college transfer students
RV parking for 1 night in Berkeley?
Hey Bears, I've been working on a startup that scans ur social media profiles and flags posts that could hurt ur online brand. I am offering it for free (promo: gobears) in exchange for feedback. Plz give it a try, help another Bear and clean up ur online image. Thanks
The College Kids Doing What Twitter Won't
Working in Hayward, looking at living in Hayward. Help!
how do i get in
Mia Villanueva: "While the majority of students were out partying on the weekends, I was at home watching Sesame Street on repeat and vacuuming my floors five times an hour. Though I was able to engage with my peers on an academic level, I still craved a sense of community outside of the classroom."
Berkeley Mental Health worker describes fight for her life outside Whole Foods. Eric Bruylant, 25, the man charged with trying to kill a city mental health worker outside Whole Foods had hit himself in the head with a rock and was suicidal, according to testimony this week.
Arthur Brooks: Cal students and professors should find "warmth in their heart" for people they don't agree with and seek to turn contempt or ideological frustration into compassion and understanding. He encouraged Cal to continue having difficult conversations about free speech and public policy.
At a Thursday meeting of the Academic Senate, Chancellor Carol Christ proposed Cal take on the portion of Cal Athletics' debt stemming from the seismic retrofitting costs of the 2012 renovation of California Memorial Stadium. In exchange, Cal Athletics would let the campus develop Edwards Stadium.
University House: Cal freshman Henry Davis respects Carol Christ's decision to live where she wants but that residing in the home would show her allegiance to the campus. As a comparison, he said if Trump did not live in the White House, it would be fair to question his allegiance to the country.
UC Sub
At a packed town hall-style meeting Thursday, students and staff gathered for presentations and to ask questions about UC Berkeley's planned data science major and minor program, which program organizers hope to make available next semester. David Culler is Interim Dean for Data Sciences.
Techniques for two techs and two labs?
Spring 2018 undergrad transfer here, think I might've fucked up on housing
UC Sub
YouTube
How much do individual game student tickets cost for men's basketball?
Where are the vending machines on this campus???
Why is there a fucking river on Dwight
Saw some insensitive, culturally appropriated costumes during Halloween, triggered, how can I report this?
Have any Cal students volunteered at the UCSF medical center during the school year?
WSJ ranks the top 10 small, midsize and large colleges in the West. UCLA comes in at No. 2 in its category behind USC but above UC Berkeley, which rank No. 1 and No. 3, respectively.
When retaking a class at a transfer school, does it affect your GPA when transferring back? (CoE)
When retaking a class at a transfer school, does it affect your GPA when transferring back? (CoE)
Whittier Buck Buchanan, 60, who is representing himself in an alleged Berkeley kidnapping case, put himself on the stand Tuesday and blamed the victim for coming on to him, and smoking methamphetamine in his car. He was at times smiling, laughing or being animated with hand gestures and wide eyes.
The only Berkeley private residence listed on National Register of Historic Places is on the market for $1.795 million. The three-bedroom, three-bath house, at 771 San Diego Road, was built in 1954 by Donald Olsen as his residence. Dave Weinstein: "Don liked architecture, and women, that were sexy."
LeConte Elementary School in Berkeley may be approved for a name change this month, given the controversy surrounding its namesake, Joseph LeConte, one of the first UC Berkeley professors in the late 1800s. He and his brother John LeConte — the first acting UC president — owned over 200 slaves.
At the end of November, City Council says it could consider sanctioned encampments for homeless residents in Berkeley with a close eye on recent moves by Oakland to approve safe haven sites for them. Councilwoman Kate Harrison asked for a legal analysis of sanctioned camps from the city attorney.
For decades a defining landmark in Berkeley has been the Rotunda over the Downtown Berkeley BART station. No more. During the month of October, workers have been dismantling the structure to make way for a a glass arch. Here is a visual chronicle of the process, which should be completed this week.
When retaking a class at a transfer school, does it affect your GPA when transferring back? (CoE)
How Exactly do Meal Plans Work?
Where's the best place to get Mexican Food?
Do I belong here?
UC Hentai
Hey guys, wanted to throw this out here, anyone here interested in podcasting about CAL sports?
Time to address the elephant in the room: badge wearers.
In SoCal for Thanksgiving? Need something to do on Black Friday? Travelzoo's selling Cal vs. UCLA tickets for $29.
Lost and found
Berkeley bans fish as carnival prizes
Anyone took CS61B in Spring 2017?
1B Prereq for Many Majors, but am already taking 16B
Michelle Zheng on her abuser: "Even before meeting him, I had severe anger issues and other neuroses which resulted in understandable but unfortunate segregation from my classmates for years. As the only person who willingly spoke to me since I was 10, he felt like the only person I had in my life."
Two Cal 20-year-olds, Ash Bhat and Rohan Phadte, launched a Google Chrome browser extension that puts a button onto every Twitter profile and tweet. With a click on the Botcheck.me button, users can see if the account is run by a person or automated program based on their own machine-learning model.
Molly is only 9 years old, but she has a high-stakes job. She's an Explosives Ordinance Detection (EOD) canine, which means she's trained to sniff out bombs. She's worked for UC Berkeley's police department for seven years. UCPD formed the EOD canine program in 2001.
BAMN's Yvette Felarca filed a lawsuit to prevent BUSD from releasing emails about her to a far-right group. BUSD sent a memo telling all King employees to either search their own emails for the words "Felarca," "Antifa," and "By All Means Necessary," [sic] and "BAMN" by Nov. 2, or request BUSD do it
Judge William Alsup denied the "Here There" encampment's request for protection from eviction, but ruled BART must give a 72-hour warning before kicking them out. "Judges are sworn to uphold the law. I wish sometimes the law was more generous to the poor than it already is," he said, apologetically.
A 94-year-old woman involved in a crash in North Berkeley on Sept. 26 died in the hospital just days after the crash. Friends have identified the woman as Janet Messman of Kensington. She was the driver of a red Honda Accord coming down the hill on Marin Avenue that swerved into oncoming traffic.
Class help
How to become a firetruck? time sensitive
Math 54 Advice?
Those accepted to Cal: what were your GPA (UW/W), SAT, Extracurriculars in High School?
Thoughts on Boosted Board for commuting?
Working Part-Time During the Semester
Places to sleep on campus
Is an honors thesis worth it?
Shelter crisis, seeking public agency support?
Undergraduate SAT Subject tests
I am still just a single frat bro looking for love, hmu. I know I am not the only one wishing for love on this cold Monday night. 😉
Neil McClintick: "Cal Day. This special palooza serves as an early Christmas — a filet mignon-quality spectacle for the thousands of new admits, enriched by shopping bags full of apparel … Here's the big problem: It takes place a week before you even receive your admission letter as a transfer."
Neil McClintick: "Cal Day. This special palooza serves as an early Christmas — a filet mignon-quality spectacle for the thousands of new admits, enriched by shopping bags full of apparel … Here's the big problem: It takes place a week before you even receive your admission letter as a transfer."
Anti-abortion speaker Kristan Hawkins launched her "Lies Feminists Tell" tour in UC Berkeley's Wheeler Hall on Thursday evening. In the hourlong presentation, Hawkins said abortion "has no place in civil society". Campus organization Students for Life at Berkeley hosted the event.
In the past two months, Berkeley City Council agenda saw two proposals that grabbed the community's attention — one to prohibit the use of fish as carnival prizes and another to legalize the display of female breasts — both devised by high school senior and Kriss Worthington's intern Simone Stevens.
Seven right-wing protesters tried and failed to enter a celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution at Revolution Books, a well-known local communist bookstore, Sunday evening. Guy Taiho Decker attempted to enter the bookstore while livestreaming the entire event.
Conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch asked Berkeley Unified to turn over documents about King Middle School teacher Yvette Felarca. BUSD: the district is legally obligated to fulfill the Judicial Watch request. Felarca said Monday that she plans to file a lawsuit against BUSD over the records.
Scales on campus?
Enrollment Questions
Tips for succeeding in CS61b with Hug?
EE 16A Waitlist
Can I get free counseling/therapy on short notice (or also scheduled) without health insurance?
Graduate Assistantships at Cal
Guest overnight visit?
Claudia Marie Huynh: "I'm currently a UC Berkeley senior double majoring in English and sociology who's terrified about my post-graduation fate. … Will my two bachelor's degrees and four years of work experience and volunteering amount to unemployment and force me to live in my parents' garage?"
Unknown UC Berkeley professors who deserve an award: Joyce Carol Oates (she teaches the short fiction course in the creative writing department), John A. Dracup, Randy Schekman, Laura Nader, Saul Perlmutter, Oliver Williamson, Judith Butler, Yuan T. Lee, Michael Pollan, and Robert Hass.
From that one iron-oxide-green drinking fountain we see after stumbling out of the wrong end of Dwinelle Hall to the stairs we climb every day when hurrying to class in VLSB to our most recognizable nstallations, UC Berkeley's alumni classes have contributed to many aspects that make their mark.
A man stole the laptop of a male victim on the 2100 block of Oxford Street on Saturday evening about 7:45 p.m. The victim chased the suspect — described as a Black male, 16-20 in age and 5 feet 8 inches in height — as he returned to his vehicle, and the victim was able to retrieve his property.
Berkeley City Council will meet Tuesday to discuss proposed reforms to Berkeley Police Department's use of force policy. Proposed reform would expand the department's definition of use of force to encompass any confrontation with a civilian where physical force is used and require a report.
After announcing a $98,000 grant to UC Berkeley for research on the Black Panther Party, the National Park Service has since decided not to fund the project amid backlash. The principal investigator of project: Ula Taylor, professor and incoming chair of Cal's department of African American studies.
Berkeley City College filed a workplace violence restraining order against a former student on allegations of harassment. BCC seeks to protect an employee, Dean of Student Support Services Brenda Johnson, against former BCC student Richard Douglas Johnson who had stalked or made threats of violence.
Youth Spirit Artworks, or YSA, unveiled the prototype build of a tiny house unit Saturday, the next step in its plans to build a tiny house village within 10 years. The goal is to build 100 homes in 10 years — 20 of those being tiny houses — for homeless youths in Berkeley.
What's up with the Campanile?
Saturdays might be for the boys, but Sundays are for respecting women... I am just a single frat guy looking for love, hmu
Friday nights might be for the bros and books... but I am a single frat guy looking for love, hmu
Has anyone taken Physics C21?
Can anyone comment on UGIS 82?
EECS 101 Piazza: CS classes are full. Michael-David Sasson on 13.5 units in Phase 1: "It is fair to say I haven't met anyone among department staff who thinks it was a good decision or that it was implemented well. The claim is it is better for students but there has been no attempt to explain."
EECS 101 Piazza: CS classes are full. Michael-David Sasson on 13.5 units in Phase 1: "It is fair to say I haven't met anyone among department staff who thinks it was a good decision or that it was implemented well. The claim is it is better for students but there has been no attempt to explain."
Barry Corten, 80, almost-a-lifetime Berkeley resident, promoter of journalism, and realtor, died. Growing up in North Berkeley, life was rarely dull for Barry Corten, who went on to work at the San Francisco Chronicle and then for many years as a successful real estate agent.
Just in time for Halloween, a flower named after rotting flesh is on view at the UC Botanical Garden in Berkeley. But not for very long. The "corpse flower" — actually an "inflorescence" of many flowers around a stalk — only stays opens for a day or two.
Berkeley police are asking for the community's help to find a Mercedes driver who punched a passenger in another vehicle, then drove into a second man who tried to stop him from leaving the scene of a road rage incident at the 2600 block of Ashby Avenue last week.
"Hale" is a new short documentary film about Hale Zukas, who helped make Berkeley the birthplace of the disability rights movement. He was diagnosed with cerebral palsy as a child. He studied Russian and math at UC Berkeley in the 1970s and helped found Berkeley's Center for Independent Living.
To mark the 50th anniversary of the film The Graduate, Berkeley Historical Society is offering a walking tour Nov. 11 to see sites shown. One block from Cal, Graduate Hotel made an appearance. Dustin Hoffman's character, Benjamin Braddock, pursued Elaine—a Cal student and Mrs. Robinson's daughter.
Berkeley College Republican President Troy Worden's attorney Mark Meuser on Yvette Felarca's restraining order Thursday: "There were several hours of video that directly contradicted what was testified to on the stand. Felarca had no choice but to dismiss the civil harassment petition."
Bitter feud: Amid concerns Berkeley College Republicans are lurching too far right, more moderate forces attempted to stage a coup. Secretary Bradley Devlin, 19, who makes no secret of his desire to lead Berkeley College Republicans: The vote of no-confidence in president Troy Worden, 21, passed.
NSF awards support Berkeley data science institute, national workshops
Anything fun Halloween events tonight?
[Football] Cal falls to Colorado 44-28 on the road.
Will you please take this quick survey to help improve the international student experience?
Empty classrooms for studying on weekend?
Friday nights might be for the bros...but I am a single frat bro looking for love, hmu
Editor's note: Apology and retraction for anti-Semitic editorial cartoon
Friday nights might be for the bros...but I am a single frat bro looking for love, hmu
Friday nights might be for the bros... but I am a single frat bro looking for love, hmu
Why does r/Berkeley hate the daily cal?
Daily Cal removed an editorial cartoon critics called anti-semitic. Editor-in-chief Karim Doumar: The depiction of attorney Alan Dershowitz that gave him distorted features and showed him stamping on a Palestinian person, "should not have been published, and we sincerely apologize that it was."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "The historical trail of anti-Semitism is long and patterned with violence. When The Daily Californian published an editorial cartoon Oct. 13 streaked with visual reminders of this history, it normalized what should be long-gone stereotypes."
A falling out between childhood friends from South Berkeley prompted the 2016 shooting that took the life of 19-year-old Gregory Ignacio Jr., according to court testimony this week, although the alleged shooter, Will Watson, had only a glancing connection to the dispute.
2015 Berkeley High alum Bowen Johnson died Oct. 13 after fighting leukemia for two years. A brother, Eli Johnson: "Bowen was without a doubt the first pediatric patient that convinced his nurses to set up a game of apple juice beer-pong in the hospital room, or shotgun race his protein shakes."
As a part of his mother's efforts as a teacher in Charleston, South Carolina to integrate the public schools, T. Christian Miller attended nearly all-Black public schools. Miller is a 1992 UC Berkeley graduate, Pulitzer Prize winner and former university news editor for The Daily Californian.
Ismael Farooqui: "When Milo's clown show came to Berkeley, with all his crudeness and calumny, he was met by many serious and earnest voices… it took a second time around for the city to find the right volume, but we learned a valuable lesson: Calmness may be the right way to cut through the chaos."
Angela Dong, a copy editor, typing in WeChat: "My grandpa points out that instead of 'Google' (gǔgē), I've entered the characters for 'skeleton' (gǔgé). Not only have I just been obliterated by an 80-year-old but I've also reminded my extended family I'm the only nonfluent member of the group chat."
Student groups face difficulties in organizing events after implementation of a new campus event policy in August. Cal Hacks held their hackathon from Oct. 6-8. Cal Hacks could not secure Wheeler Auditorium for their opening and closing ceremonies because they missed the deadline to book the venue.
Pass/No pass dilemma
What does it mean to be an "alternate" for an interview on Handshake?
Professor Lin Lin
I believe that the Daily Cal needs to stop getting funded by student fees.
I posted about "The glacial pace" of progress on the downtown Berkeley BART project two days ago in my first post on this subreddit after joining Reddit three weeks ago. I had no idea of the incredible real world power of this media platform, but when I rode through today... holy crap!
Political Science 179 notes/Study guides
Oski's retirement: is this a joke??
Courteous Raccoon People Watching on Bancroft
Isabel Lichtman on her suicide attempt with pills at age 19: "I couldn't take the way my dad looked at me differently: not as an equal, but as a responsibility. I couldn't take the way my mom's every word was laced with poorly hidden pity, or the way people's voices changed when they knew."
SoCal native Mia Villanueva on raising her son in Berkeley. Her son's questions to her: "Why are they screaming?" "Why is all his stuff in a cart?" Her son's question to a classmate: "Why do you have two mommies?" Mia: "Every family is different. Her parents are gay, so she has two mommies."
SoCal native Mia Villanueva on raising her son in Berkeley. Her son's questions to her: "Why are they screaming?" "Why is all his stuff in a cart?" Her son's questions to a classmate: "Why do you have two mommies?" Mia: "Every family is different. Her parents are gay, so she has two mommies."
More than 1,000 economists, co-organized by Cal economics professor Michael Reich, have signed a petition asking the American Economic Association to create a new job-search site to address sexism in the economics field. The motion comes after a recent study by Berkeley graduate student Alice Wu.
Nicole Mason, a homeless woman, allegedly assaulted Oakland resident Ronnie Lee IV with a pair of bolt cutters when he allegedly pushed her after a fight broke out regarding the custody of a dog outside Berkeley Public Library on Tuesday. Library security officers were able to stop the fight.
A Berkeley City College student confronted by a man masturbating in downtown Berkeley has put out an alert about her experience. She said she included a photo of him masturbating with her description because she hopes the man can be apprehended: "The photo is graphic but all telling of the incident"
ASUC senators Carmel Gutherz and Alexander Wilfert criticized Daily Cal for a cartoon depicting Alan Dershowitz in a manner many have called offensive and anti-Semitic. Gutherz: "I am deeply saddened by cartoon posted in the Daily Cal. For me, the legacy of Hitler's final solution still echoes."
Yogurtland on Bancroft Way is "permanently closed". Former employee and Cal alum Aislinn Klein: Working at Yogurtland taught her customers don't tend to think of cashiers as "real people," she said. She added "hardly anyone tipped," and that the job increased her courtesy toward servers in general.
Mari Lyn Salvador, a distinguished scholar of brightly colored Panamanian textiles called molas and director of Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology at UC Berkeley from 2010-15, died. She received a BA, MA, and PhD in cultural anthropology from UC Berkeley in 1971, 1973, and 1976, respectively.
University of California President Janet Napolitano announced UC will establish the National Center for Free Speech and Civic Engagement in Washington, D.C., as part of a concerted educational, research and advocacy effort centered on the First Amendment's critical importance to American democracy.
Strats for handling 3 techs?
Breadth Recommendations
Skip Math 1B?
Thought I'd give it a shot... I know there has to be other freshman who want to make a new friend! Any Berkeley freshman down to hang out or even study together sometime? Message me:)
Could a UC Davis student participate in UC Berkeley clubs?
Good GSI for Frenkel's Math 53?
#BerkeleyBoy
Alan Dershowitz: Berkeley’s hard-left stunningly silent over anti-Semitic caricature of me
Do Berkeley Extension Certificate Program Students Have Access to Main Campus?
Nearly 40 Berkeley students spent two years designing, funding and building their entry to the Department of Energy's Solar Decathlon, a collegiate competition to design and build full-size, solar-powered houses. They were awarded third place by a panel of judges who ranked the team in 10 areas.
Three men jumped over the counter of a pharmacy in West Berkeley and forced employees to hand over numerous medications Tuesday night. The robbery happened shortly before 8 p.m. at 1050 Gilman St. at Walgreens. Witnesses told police the men were 18-25 years old and wore hooded sweatshirts.
Bay Area Rapid Transit District followed through on vow to disband homeless camp at 63rd Street and MLK, Jr. Way, evicting the remaining residents early Wednesday. Police also put up fencing around the site, which is on the east side of the BART tracks, and around the empty land south of the camp.
After 40 years in the National Park Service (NPS) Jonathan Jarvis will now take the position of executive director for UC Berkeley’s Institute for Parks, People and Biodiversity. The campus Tuesday announced the establishment of this new institute, which'll provide research, lectures and workshops.
Anonymous: "The process was catered to him, even though I gave so much of myself physically and emotionally. He was found guilty, but he was given a one-year suspension and 40 hours of community service… After raping me, all he had to do was a few hours of work to exonerate himself."
Berkeley Police Department is one of many police agencies across the country facing understaffing because of budgeting constraints and a lack of qualified applicants. BPD currently has 163 officers sworn in, while the city has authorized BPD to have 181 officers on staff.
An email from a UC official informing graduate students about joining a union was sent Monday, following a state amendment signed the week prior allowing graduate student researchers to be represented by unions. According to Maggie Downey, it was intended to discourage Cal students from joining UAW.
A now-defunct Twitter account (@TEN_GOP) run by Russian propaganda organization Internet Research Agency spread divisive tweets about UC Berkeley to its more than 100,000 followers last spring, during the time when Ann Coulter and other conservative speakers were scheduled to appear on campus.
Failing a class, what can I do at this point?
Bodega Vending Machine in Berkeley
CS61C course staff sucks
Someone made Pre-Haas Shirts
3 suspects allegedly rob UC Berkeley student in MLK Student Union
addy for studying
Anyone wanna play Cuban/Samba Music?
"The criticism we have received reaffirms for us a need for a more critical editing eye, and a stronger understanding of the violent history and contemporary manifestations of anti-Semitism." Regarding editorial cartoon depicting Alan Dershowitz
Any thoughts on Stat 88? Taking it with Stat C8, have 0 programming experience.
&amp;#8594; Qual Melhor Notebook Para Jogos até 2.500 Reais ? 2017 - &amp;#10148; Notebooks Para Jogos Pesa
From Mario to Milo - How the Right Wing has Co-opted Berkeley's Free Speech Movement
DUI/License Checkpoint Scheduled for Friday, October 27 on San Pablo at Cedar
Taking Econ 1/2?
Can anyone enlighten me as to the reason behind the glacial pace of construction on the downtown BART station upgrade? The disruption is enormous and yet, on my daily swings through the area I rarely see more than a couple of workers walking around carefully inspecting the work they are not doing.
Enrollment Update: Reserved Seat Requirements Not Met?
i feel nothing
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: "No matter what my partners do, I have a tendency not to feel anything, much less an orgasm…A previous one shifted to experimenting with new sensations like sucking massive bruises into my inner thighs and eating out my ass. He never managed to get me to cum"
Carol Christ to Daily Cal: Your recent editorial cartoon targeting Alan Dershowitz was offensive, appalling and deeply disappointing. I condemn it. Are you aware its anti-Semitic imagery connects directly to the centuries-old 'blood libel' that falsely accused Jews of engaging in ritual murder?
At the Berkeley versus Arizona football game, Berkeley Police and Fire Departments were given a near standing ovation for their response efforts in the deadly fires in Napa and Sonoma counties. They had been invited by Cal student Matthew Smith who was a fire response volunteer.
UC Berkeley's Public Service Center is celebrating 50 years. Since its founding, the center has been focused on giving students practical opportunities to learn, said Jonathan Schiesel, a 1969 graduate and one of the student founders of the center, which was then called the Community Projects Office
John Holland: "Since its inception, I have wanted to attend Berkeleyside's Uncharted Berkeley Ideas Festival, but I have always had a conflict. This year, I am finally able to attend, and I'm especially excited to hear Rick Wilson", a Republican political strategist and #NeverTrumper.
In 1919, Prohibition shuttered the world's largest winery at Winehaven, near the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge. Wine has returned. For people anxious that Winehaven is slowly decaying by the edge of the bay while Richmond litigates a suit brought by a former developer from Berkeley, it is good news.
One of the homeless encampments near the Berkeley-Oakland border can stay put for at least another week, federal judge William Alsup ruled Tuesday, granting the campers a temporary restraining order (TRO) against BART, which had ordered the "Here There" camp to disperse.
Berkeley community members played crucial roles in four arrests by the Berkeley Police Department in connection with theft. On Monday evening about 7:23 p.m., multiple witnesses called BPD after seeing a suspect steal a pair of headphones from a victim walking near Shattuck Avenue and Allston Way.
Photography Based Extra-Curriculars
What classes to take with CS170?
CS170 + EE16A + CS186
UC Berkeley ranked world’s top public school by US News and World Report
Good places to see newts, river otters, and other wildlife?
To anyone lonely: Please hangout with me and my friends!
Phase 1 waitlist
STAT 140 + CS 170 Workload?
Berkeley Declining test scores
dear uc regents
UC Berkeley Chancellor Issues Heated Response To Daily Cal's Dershowitz Cartoon
Alternatives to SHIP?
Can a course be used for both an H/SS requirement (engineering) and a major requirement?
Transfer student majoring in EECS?
CS61C,170, and EE16A? advice to a sophomore L&amp;S CS
Where does one find this cartoon of @AlanDersh? If you guessed Daily Stormer, then you’re wrong! This is @dailycal’s editorial cartoon.
Neil McClintick on Cal transfer student Begonia Herbert: "She was white, middle-class and branded as gifted. The pipeline to higher education seemed an inevitable continuation of her financial privilege. But nobody knew she was living in a household that was terror or that she would end up homeless"
Mumu Lin: "I was undeclared and panicking about GPA cutoffs. I was barely keeping up with lectures. But instead of going to office hours…I turned to my personal version of a drug…playing Overwatch. … How could I call myself a good UC Berkeley student if I was failing nearly all of my classes?"
Donoven Zaragoza, a postal worker who discarded about 100 election guides in a Berkeley recycling bin ahead of 2016 elections, pleaded guilty to obstruction of mail. July 27 the court dismissed all charges after finding the conditions for his plea deal met. They'd been discovered by Scott Wheeler.
Does anyone know how the professors for EE16A are for Spring 2018: Vladimir Stojanovic and Laura Waller?
UC Berkeley fraternity Alpha Tau Omega, or ATO, has been subject to a series of break-ins this month. Some of ATO President Aidan Salzmann's fraternity brothers have been staying up all night because they are so uneasy. ATO "stationed" people on the roof as lookouts in case the suspects returned.
Berkeley children will no longer be toting home fish—such as goldfish or betta fish—as carnival prizes because of new legislation passed by City Council. Inspired by a PETA investigation, Simone Stevens, a high school student and former intern for Councilmember Kriss Worthington, proposed the idea.
The Northern California chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists announced Monday that Berkeleyside's Emilie Raguso, senior reporter and community engagement chief, has been named 2017 Journalist of the Year. She joined Berkeleyside in October 2012 and immediately began to make her mark.
Eatsa's location at 2334 Telegraph Ave. was shuttered. The automatic restaurant chain shut down its Berkeley location, along with four others in New York and D.C. The two-year-old company will keep its two San Francisco eateries open. Eatsa explained on its blog that it expanded too quickly.
Community support has poured in over the past few days at a Berkeley LGBTQ center where 32-year-old transient Richard Woods burned a rainbow flag and punched a volunteer Friday. The Pacific Center opened in Berkeley more than 44 years ago. It was the third LGBT center to open in the nation.
Econ freshman seeking schedule advice
Feel so lonely I could cry
Is there a way for me to see past tests for CS, I want to get some practice (high school applying to cal)
Internship for Credit?
Should I be concerned if I haven't gotten my diploma from May yet?
"Special Research" Projects in Bio 1B for units?
Environmental Econ and Policy Transfer Applicant Here
Bio freshman looking for schedule advice
[Discussion] Daily Cal's allegedly anti-semitic cartoon
Very Urgent Question
Declaring CS with a 3.2 GPA
Intended Public Health/MCB Schedule Advice
Thoughts on Math H113?
Thoughts on H113?
Looking for someone with access to a campus fabrication shop (Etcheverry, Jacobs, Environmental Design, etc) to help with a gift idea
Best Minors to Pair with Econ/Business
Is mental health too risky of a topic to put on the personal insight questions?
What CS upper div should I take with CS61C and CS70?
Where to buy Big Game tickets?
How hard is it to change majors within L&amp;S from statistics to CS?
Isabel Lichtman: "Having never been disciplined by a teacher, I lost my mind. My entire identity as a student was under fire. His words shot through my long-preserved confidence like a rock through a snow fort. I could hear him echoing over and over in my head, confirming my worst fears and worries"
Raina Yang: Yes, I speak English with an accent: A letter to all international students. An American girl had said, "I think your Asian accent is cute." "During most social events, all I did was laugh. …laughing was the only sound I could make without exposing the abnormality in the way I spoke."
Patrick Lee: "Browsing UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens makes me think everyone here, like me, feels scared for their futures and shares a love for self-deprecating humor. Walking around Cal is a different story: It feels like everyone has a higher GPA and has an internship with Google lined up."
Kellie McElhaney, a professor in the Institute for Business and Social Impact at Haas, teaches an MBA course called "Business Case for Investing in Women." It focuses on the benefits that women bring to the workforce and how businesses can encourage positive change in relation to gender equity.
Jim VandeHei, co-founder of Axios and Politico, spoke at the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism in an event organized by the Berkeley Forum. VandeHei: "I'm a lot more scared that people don't believe real news."
Aurora Ling, a Cal senior studying peace and conflict studies, won the first "Live Life Like Tarishi" scholarship award. Cal sophomore Tarishi Jain died in a terror attack in Bangladesh last year, and her parents, Tulika and Sanjiv Jain, started the "Live Life Like Tarishi" scholarship award.
Seeking guidance on security preparations, the University of Florida sent representatives to UC Berkeley during the now-canceled 'Free Speech Week' to formulate a plan for prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer's appearance on the UF campus Thursday.
On Thursday night, the Berkeley Fair Campaign Practices Commission, or BFCPC, voted by a margin of 7-2 to hold a hearing to fine the Berkeley Rental Housing Coalition almost $19,000 for allegedly violating Berkeley campaign finance laws during the 2016 City Council election.
Can anybody set up shop on Sproul and start selling stuff?
Why is Main Stacks underground?
Has anyone taken Plant Biology 40?
Help me plan my first trip to Cal!
Is it expensive to live in Berkeley?
Halloween parties??
Why did you choose UC Berkeley?
Shannon O'Hara at the Lair of the Golden Bear family summer camp starting at age four: "my dad in particular, a UC Davis graduate, still swore allegiance to the Golden Bears. … I learned the Cal fight song before I learned how to read. … Cal students taught me how to make s'mores, paint and dive."
Katrina Fadrilan, who "initially didn't want to come to UC Berkeley": "It is experiencing all of these incredible facets of that makes it difficult for me to quite believe that I had endured a great period of misery when now, I burst of sheer elation and gratitude of being here — my home."
UC Berkeley doesn't consider legacy status in admissions. Sarahi Nunez, a Cal freshman and intended business and economics major, said that both of her parents are campus alumni. Nunez said that attending UC Berkeley is a sign to her parents that they raised her well and that they were good parents.
UC Berkeley's International House will host its third annual Global Homecoming Sunday to promote discussion and celebration of international culture. The Global Homecoming will include globally themed fashion shows, a lunchtime discussion of world topics and tours of International House.
Ismael Farooqui on Northern California wildfires: "Why is it easy to ignore suffering? Or undercount it? The most obvious reason is there are plenty of distractions. There was a football game to look forward to Friday, which was played despite the smoky reminder in the air. Classes, assignments…"
The Berkeley Fire Department is working with students to ensure fire safety measures are taken at group housing locations, particularly during parties. It's been more than 25 years since a fire swept through a Berkeley fraternity house in 1990, killing three UC students.
Football: The Bears lost to Arizona in Berkeley, 45-44. Facing a conversion in double overtime, Justin Wilcox sent out his offense to win the game on the spot, going for 2 points before they needed to. The aggressive move got his team in the right spot but a pass breakup ended Cal's comeback dreams.
A female UC Berkeley student was the victim of an attempted rape 7pm Thursday on the Upper Fire Trail. The male suspect ran up behind her and tackled her to the ground. The suspect attempted to remove her and fondled her, but she fought him off and he ran away. Suspect: a white male in his 50s.
junior college transfers take away from UC's prestige?
Friends lying on sat score?
why are there so many ambulance calls on south side rn
Chem Teacher Scholar?
Schedule Advice
Best place to get Eggs Benedict in Berkeley?
Taking PHILOS 133 &amp; PHILOS 135 without Logic
Taking 3 summer classes?
looking for nurseries that sell tropical plants?
Anything to do tonight?
8 fun, fascinating and far-out things to do this Homecoming weekend. Homecoming Rally, "How Dogs Make Us Human" talk, "How to Think with Hamilton, Then and Now" talk, pianist Olli Mustonen, a top five most-cited chemist in the world Omar Yaghi's "Using the Sun's Power to Pull Water from the Desert"
John Spencer: "UC's wondrous Blake Garden, part of the complex that once housed the system's president, is open to the public on ONLY ONE WEEKEND DAY PER YEAR (on Cal Day.) It's closed to the public on every weekend day but Cal Day. You got that right." Many working people cannot benefit from it.
Cal junior and English major Cassandra Morgan King: Berkeley must challenge animal industry abuses. To prompt Berkeley and its residents to pay more attention to inhumane treatment of animals, she ran onto the football field Oct. 13 with a stuffed pig. She's a Direct Action Everywhere investigator.
Three Berkeley High students and one staff member were detained Friday evening when fights broke out at the end of Berkeley High's annual Unity Week celebration. One BHS staff member was arrested, on suspicion of resisting arrest or interfering with an officer.
Dohee Kim: "It is a miracle that UC Berkeley has remained one of the top five global universities despite its terrible lack of funding from the state, which incentivizes faculty, undergrads and grad students to make the most…. I would not trade the hardships here for the benefits of anywhere else."
Cal senior Bree Cassells, Santa Rosa resident whose house survived fires: "Now, I'm realizing all the houses I went to as a kid are gone. My uncle's house is gone. … Saying someone died doesn't capture the magnitude of what happened." Ella Griffith: "The love in the air is stronger than the smoke."
Cal assistant professor of neuroscience and bioengineering Michael Yartsev was awarded the 2017 Packard Fellowship in Science and Engineering on Monday, providing him $875,000 to continue his research on bats. He researches vocal development in bats and its relationship to human language development
Delaine Eastin, a Democratic candidate for governor of California, spoke about tuition-free education was hosted by the Cal Berkeley Democrats on Thursday. Eastin is the first and only woman to be elected as the state superintendent of public instruction. A crow of 50 people attended.
Thoughts on Clark Kerr housing?
Crossroads quesadillas
Spots to shower and crash?
Spots to shower and crash?
To the civilian who called the BPD Officer a "Stupid fucking white cop"
Where is the fastest internet on campus?
Cenk Uygur considering Senate run in California
I transferred out of Berkeley to a small liberal arts school in New England; AMA
Alumni - do you have friends from college? What about homecoming?
Watch out for the Peter Pan bandit
[Quality Shitpost] Nation Under Siege: Berkeley Scientists Have Engineered An Unstoppable Mecha-‘Dreamer’ Capable Of Stealing 6 Jobs At Once
Opinion: Cal chancellor calls Milo's "Speech Week" a set-up
Can I take r1b over summer (Sophomore)?
Homophobic experience on campus today. And I thought Cal was supposed to be progressive...
Homophobic experience on campus today. And I thought Cal was was supposed to be progressive...
Mia Villanueva: An unexpected shift in financial aid. "After graduating with my BA in English in spring 2017, I returned in the fall to complete my second degree in gender studies. With only a senior seminar and an elective left to take, my advisor gave me green light to take a reduced course load."
The Julia Morgan Spruce house, designed in 1911, is on sale for $1.475 million. It's had two owners, both with deep Cal connections. The first was a dentist and Cal professor, Robert Keys, who commissioned it for himself and his wife, Annie. The second owners, Paul and Willa Baum, moved in in 1957.
Chancellor Carol Christ and Mills College President Elizabeth Hillman signed a memorandum of understanding to formalize partnership that allows Cal students to live in Mills dorms in Oakland, take a Mills introductory biology course sequence and access accelerated pathways to Mills master's degrees
A female student called UCPD 1:55pm Wednesday to report she was the victim of brandishing of a weapon near LeConte Hall. She had confronted the suspect because she believed he was stealing bicycle parts. The suspect, a white male between the ages of 40 and 50, threatened her with a metal tool.
Can I take r1b over summer (Sophomore)?
401 students were able to register for spring 2018 classes on CalCentral earlier than their scheduled enrollment appointment as a result of a data entry error. The premature enrollments were cleared Monday by Office of the Registrar though at least 2 students were able to enroll early again Tuesday.
After Department of Homeland Security announced a rule allowing immigrants' federal files to have social media handles, Cal immigrant students led a social media campaign to protest it. Undocumented junior Selena Pérez: Undocumented community often uses social media to alert someone's being deported
Kyle "Based Stickman" Chapman alleged that five Antifa members attacked his parked car in Berkeley on Tuesday evening while he sat in the back seat. Chapman: One of the alleged attackers left a "big clear hand print" on the window of his car, which the Berkeley Police Department was able to recover.
Robert Henry "Pete" Bragg, Jr., 98, professor emeritus in Cal's Department of Materials Science and Engineering, died. He joined Cal faculty in 1969, one of six African American faculty at the time. He was a leading expert in X-ray crystallography, X-ray diffraction and materials characterization.
Meditation at Soda Hall
[Discussion] Do you think that removal of People's Park would reduce crime on students in South Side? Should the University start a petition to reclaim People's Park and use it for student housing (without causing mass protests)?
Cal Athletics gets $20M bailout from chancellor’s office
#SICK VR/AR Conference October 29th
Transfer to impacted major as a Transfer student
Any Marine Reservists on campus? I got a few questions
TIL in 1992, a junior was murdered in the old Eschelman Hall, sparking debates about security. The suspect was found years later having OD'd on drugs
NST 11 counting towards science GPA?
MMC mailroom
UCSD allegedly discriminating against disabled student
Has anyone gotten food poisoning from crossroads before?
Berkeley Connect
Spring Admit: will I get screwed over by Phase I scheduling for the next four years?
Econ Major here need some advice
Has anyone worked full-time (40 hrs per week) as an intern for a semester by taking the semester off?
Juniperangelica Xiomara Cordova-Goff: "As a formerly homeless student with parents who have abused substances, my relationship with the police state is strained. Throughout the six years my family was homeless, we experienced intimidation when moving from motel to motel from police officers."
Rice and Bones, a Vietnamese café, opened its doors Monday replacing Ramona's, a former Cal Dining location in Wurster Hall. Owner and chef Charles Phan is a Cal alum who studied architecture in the College of Environmental Design in the 1980s. Phan also owns The Slanted Door and Out The Door in SF.
Matthew Walker, a Cal professor of neuroscience and psychology and leading sleep evangelist, is the author of the new book, Why We Sleep, about the downside of pulling an all-nighter. He's served as a sleep consultant to the NBA, NFL and Pixar Animation Studios, among other Fortune 500 enterprises.
Cal alum Mason Bates was named Musical America's 2018 Composer of the Year. Bates earned both his master's and doctoral degrees in music at Berkeley, with the Ph.D. awarded in 2008. "Bates is one of the rare composers who is at once popular, hip, and active at the large classical-music institutions"
‘Terms in Attendance’ on Cal Central
"Jane Doe", a woman who said she was kidnapped but managed to escape in Berkeley on May 2, 2017, was questioned by her alleged kidnapper Buck Buchanan, 60—a six-time convicted rapist—on Wednesday. In a bizarre scenario, because he is representing himself in his trial, he's able to cross-examine her.
A good Samaritan at PIQ, a popular downtown Berkeley coffee shop and bakery, detained a juvenile robber around Tuesday 4:50pm, though his accomplice managed to escape. There was a strong-arm robbery with two separate victims. The man who got away left in a vehicle westbound on Addison Street.
Much of the Berkeley City Council meeting Tuesday was devoted to an appeal of one family's plan to build additions onto their Berkeley hills home. But the 18-month saga reached no resolution, raising questions about the council’s role in a small case that has been through a long permitting process.
An 18-year-old student has said she was raped 2am Saturday after attending a fraternity party, UC Berkeley police said Wednesday. The woman made her report to police early Monday morning, about 48 hours after the incident occurred in a dorm room at the Unit 1 residence hall at 2650 Durant Ave.
How are people already enrolled in Stat C8 if I'm a junior and haven't had my appointment yet, and it has all seats reserved for Freshmen/Sophomores?
Female student, 18, punched, robbed at UC Berkeley dining hall
When/What to take -- Math 55 and Math 110
Physics 7B Professors
Change of College into Engineering Experiences/Difficulty
Change of College into COE experiences
Eating disorder support groups on campus?
AP Chem and Physical Science Breadth
Econ Major to Law School?
Econ Major to Law School?
Bluebell Relocation Services | Moving Company New Jersey | Movers NJ
Econ Major at Berkeley thinking about going to law school
Easy/Interesting Philosophy Breadth classes for Spring 2018?
Jim VandeHei, co-founder of Axios and Politico, at the Berkeley Forum at 6pm, Thursday, October 19, 2017. He'll argue the clickbait model is proving not to be sustainable and will walk through a new content revolution for journalism, one where elegant efficiency and high quality content create value
Berkeley will temporarily offer below-market rate housing for people displaced by the recent fires in California and Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico because of a motion passed unanimously by the Rent Stabilization Board on Monday. The fires had destroyed at least 57,000 structures.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng on reinforcement of her desire to never have kids: At eight years old, "I became my mother's caretaker. In the morning, I would help her put on her bra and get dressed for work, because her fingers were so swollen she couldn't reach behind her back."
A California court lifted the temporary restraining order placed on Berkeley College Republicans president, Troy Worden, for alleged stalking and intimidation on Sproul Plaza and at BAMN meetings of Yvette Felarca, an organizer for By Any Means Necessary. Both sides will reconvene in court Oct. 26.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Berkeley shouldn't burn because affluent residents won't give up their parking or because non-native eucalyptus trees continue to dot our hills. … it is up to Berkeley to do everything in its power to ensure a similar disaster doesn't occur in its hills."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Berkeley shouldn't burn because affluent residents won't give up their parking or because non-native eucalyptus trees continue to dot our hills. … it is up to Berkeley to do everything in its power to ensure a similar disaster doesn't occur in its hills.
Gov. Jerry Brown approved Assembly Bill 1674, which will prohibit UC campuses from giving preference to nonresident applicants for admission. The new law requires UC campuses only admit nonresident undergraduate applicants whose academic qualifications either equal or exceed those of resident admits
Free professional development workshops are being offered to Bay Area high school, community college students at Berkeley Oct. 28, Nov. 11. Sponsored by Cal's Black Retention and Recruitment Center, they'll be hosted by political science student Leajé Morris with a speakers panel featuring Cal alum.
Berkeley's Pacific Steel Casting is closing permanently after 83 years in business. Founded in 1934 and owned by the Genger family for 4 generations, it was one of the largest US independent steel casting companies. It filed for bankruptcy in 2014 and Speyside Capital purchased it for $11.5 million.
Officers arrested Eleazar Reyes Jr., 21, of San Pablo on suspicion of firearms-related charges, resisting arrest and being drunk in public, said Berkeley Police spokesman Sgt. Andrew Frankel. He had run from police on Telegraph Avenue early Saturday morning, and tossed away a pistol as he ran.
George T. Ferrell, 79, died. He attended Cal, receiving a BS in forestry in 1959, MS in zoology in 1966, and a doctorate in entomology in 1969. He worked as a U.S. Forest Service entomologist for his entire career, conducting important research on the impact of beetle infestations on Western forests
Why does everyone on this campus have a Mac?
Classic Waitlist Question (But Exciting b/c Wealth and Poverty?)
Why does literally everyone on this campus have a Macbook?
Where to get a basic commute bike without spending too much?
What is up with the homeless people
ESPM 50AC
If I N/P a class this semester do I have I wait until the N/P shows up on my transcript to add it to my classes next semester?
Kyle Chapman at it again
Two men having a sword fight at 1:30pm in the park, on a Tuesday...nothing to see here.
I miss Berkeley so much :(
Comment scores will now only be hidden for 10 minutes rather than the previous 24 hours. Message me with some feedback and whether or not you like this change, and also message me to tell me I'm pretty.
[#14] Ready for finals? You should be. Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
How difficult will it be to take Math 55 and Math 110 simultaneously?
Fun 2/3 unit classes to take as a graduating senior?
Where the pass/np option on cal central currently?
Taking a semester off
Why is Dwinelle always hot?
Can I phase 2 CS 61a as a sophomore?
Any students have access and/or the know how of screen printing for shirts that can help me out with a gift for my roommate. Or does anyone know companies that let you order a single custom long sleeved pocket tee with designs on the pocket.
When is the typical phase 1 start?
Math majors: Best first upper div math course?
Should I p/np EE16A?
Neil McClintick: "Recently, I returned to De Anza and forgot how much I missed the slowness of it all. Time seems frozen. There isn't a hyper-career-oriented lust for getting in the fast lane when you go to community college, nor are there soul-sucking Moffitt study sessions until 5 a.m."
The Wooden Duck, 23-year-old Berkeley furniture maker, closes Nov. 15. On Friday, the discount will be 50%. Eric Gellerman: "Everyone who comes by next weekend we'll give them a souvenir chunk of the Cal Memorial Stadium! Go Bears!" 2012 they bought 184,000 linear feet of wood from Memorial Stadium.
The Wooden Duck, 23-year-old Berkeley furniture maker, closes Nov. 15. On Friday, the discount will be 50%. Eric Gellerman: "Everyone who comes by next weekend we’ll give them a souvenir chunk of the Cal Memorial Stadium! Go Bears!" 2012 they bought 184,000 linear feet of wood from Memorial Stadium.
The city of Berkeley's shelter, Berkeley Animal Care Services, has 13 animals displaced by the tragedy from Sonoma County and eight from Mendocino. Several are ready to be adopted. The Berkeley shelter is waiving the usual adoption fee for the new pets, at least through the end of the week.
Mumu Lin: "I cannot actually escape my real life, however. That's a mistake I made last year: relying on video games to cope, rather than facing my academic failures head on. Gaming is by no means a replacement for mental health treatment, which is why I did seek treatment at Tang."
Senior inside linebacker Devante Downs will miss the remainder of 2017 with a lower body injury sustained in Cal's 37-2 win over Washington State. Downs' contributions to a rejuvenated Cal defensed have been enormous—he led the team in tackles (more than 20 above second-place Raymond Davidson III).
Several Cal students came together to create Berkeley Conservative Society, aiming to "bring back political decency to Berkeley," said society founder and president Celine Bookin, a former Berkeley College Republicans member. On Thursday, BCR secretary Bradley Devlin impeached President Troy Worden.
U.S. Marine Corps veteran and Cal social welfare major Matthew Smith led eight UC Berkeley students to Santa Rosa evacuation centers, scrubbing toilets, disinfecting surfaces and mopping the floors. Smith, who missed a midterm and a term paper, said he intends to keep going back every night.
Alan Dershowitz, attorney and professor at Harvard Law School, spoke at the UC Berkeley School of Law on Wednesday, and shortly after the event, a flyer on the law school bulletin board was found vandalized with a swastika drawn over Dershowitz's face and promptly removed thereafter.
Most fun things in Berkeley?
Any Spring Admits out there?
This is Homecoming this weekend. Even if you are a student, there are dozens of events, panels, forums, and discussions being held all over campus this weekend to enjoy, along with a 5pm football game against Arizona.
Access Shakespeare eBooks on the Berkeley network
Stat 154 Modern Statistical Prediction and ML
Prospective Freshman Questions
How helpful is tang center?
Senior Residency Requirement?
Longshot, but has anyone heard back from Apple about the finance internship on-campus interview decisions?
Thinking about applying to grad school for engineering?
Does anybody know if Compsci/Stat/Info C8 with Adhikari is webcasted? My schedule has it overlap with another course, but I heard it's been webcasted in the past.
Sanil Rajput: A copy editor on computer science. "'The Infamous Paul Hilfinger' frequently receives UCBMFET recognition for the overwhelming difficulty of his projects. As a CS 61B student, I've had the privilege of being Hil-fingered by a project requiring students to build their own SQL database."
Rachel Gregory: "a part of me will always call Berkeley home, too. A part of me will swoon at the sight of the Golden Gate Bridge from the top of Channing Way or the Campanile at dusk, festooned with spotlights gazing skyward. I will forever cherish the whooshing of the BART in underground tunnels…"
Where can I buy takis
Paul Martin Martin: "Though Cafe Blue Door isn't the only place they could get a club sandwich and small cup of coffee, baristas and other minimum wage workers would have to find a coffee shop outside Berkeley to reap the benefits of their salary raise and keep their dining budget at the same price"
The North Bay fires have created bad air quality conditions in the city of Berkeley, prompting students and community members to wear masks and remain indoors. Campus senior Yaron Moaddel noticed a lot of people walking around campus wearing the masks and people in his classes coughing more often.
Josh Earnest, former White House press secretary under Barack Obama, encouraged UC Berkeley students to bridge political divides and support independent press at a campus event Thursday. Earnest addressed a crowd of about 170 students at UC Berkeley's International House at the Berkeley Forum.
The University of California Firearm Violence Prevention Research Center, located in Sacramento, was launched in July and officially received funding for its research. The center has received a $5 million appropriation from the state for the next five years and aims to prevent firearm violence.
"As the late, great Tom Petty put it, you don't have to live like a refugee," Glen Martin writes for California magazine. "Except, of course, when you do, as I recently found out." Martin, a Cal alumni magazine contributor, was evacuated from his Santa Rosa suburb as flames encroached on his home.
Limiting the supply of new family housing will only make Berkeley's housing crisis worse. The Planning Commission is considering zoning changes for the area around Gilman and Westbrae. By Cynthia Tate Elliott, Johanna Hernandez, Kit Robinson, Ahni Robinson, Ericka McConnell and Eric Breitbard.
“Well-Beings Are Being Put On The Line”: Berkeley Protesters Interrupt Class To Protest The Midterm Exam As Too Stressful, Denounce Liberal Professor as a Racist Tool of the Establishment
CS61A Labs/Sections in schedule planner?
Looking to volunteer? Check out this list of Berkeley service opportunities provided by the Berkeley Public Library!
Switching into IEOR difficulty
struggling to study for midterms? watch this video that provides tips on how to be academically successful in college
If I want to pursue a career in IT and CIS Computer Systems, should I go apply to Berkeley?
Berkeley vs Princeton vs MIT
Berkeley vs MIT
Best way to get big game tickets
Campanile Song Videos (Hotline Bling or anything else)
CS Course Advice
Best frats at UC Berkeley?
Stat 134 vs Math 128A
How hard is it to switch between CS and statistics. Does it make a difference for admissions?
How hard is it to switch between Statistics and CS within the L&amp;S?
Hey CS majors in L&amp;S, how stressed are you right now?
Quiet study area off campus
Alternatives to Tang center counseling
The "Harvard versus whorehouse project": which department at Berkeley would be most appropriate for such a discussion?
Easiest AC GE to take?
In 12-hour shifts student veterans and public health graduate students took up the grimy, essential tasks at a Santa Rosa evacuation center. Cal student and Marine Corps veteran Matthew Smith missed his midterm, skipped a term paper and has spent $750 of his money to buy, donate supplies from Target
Ismael Farooqui: "When I was at Yale University one summer, I found myself reflecting on the little differences between it and UC Berkeley. At UC Berkeley, an important meeting always suffered from a shortage of food. At Yale, I attended mundane events with tables stocked like a supermarket shelf."
Sailing an ocean of challenges to stage Metamorphoses: Metamorphoses opens Friday, Oct. 13, and runs through Sunday, Oct. 22, at the Zellerbach Playhouse. Tickets are $13 to $20 and can be purchased online or at the door. The show runs 90 minutes with no intermission.
Northern California fires have dominated the news. Here's a quick breakdown of what's been burning, with updates as of Saturday night. Air quality in and around Berkeley has been improving. A "Spare the Air" advisory was issued for Saturday, but there was no health advisory in effect, unlike Friday.
On Monday at 5am, Berkeley Fire Engine 6 was dispatched to help a neighboring department in Sonoma. It had little idea of what was to come. The three firefighters who shot and edited the film published here: acting captain Kyl Fleming, apparatus operator Clifford Broome and firefighter Mike Shuken.
A male student was the victim of an armed robbery in the parking lot of the UC Berkeley School of Law 10:20pm Friday. The first suspect is as a 22-year-old Black male, 5 feet 10 inches in height, wearing a black beanie. The second suspect is a Black male wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt.
A male was robbed Friday afternoon while sitting at Caffe Strada. The victim was using his laptop about 11:59 a.m. when one of the two suspects involved in the incident stole it off the table and ran down Bancroft Way. A group of bystanders stopped one of the suspects.
With four seconds left in first half, a Berkeley protestor invaded the football field with a stuffed pig. Football-wise, the activist's protest allowed Cal extra time to plot out their final play of the half, leading to a touchdown as time expired to put the Bears up 14, and they never looked back.
Withdrawing for the current semester?
A new sub at r/university_scams provides a landmine map of 150 travel, scholarship, housing, student jobs, internship, student exchange, and study abroad scams and also provides YOU a way to warn other students with your own horror story.
Anyone know what the admit rate is for L&amp;S CS?
Anyone know what the admit rate is for L&amp;S CS?
That Crazy Flip for a TD...Now Done in Tecmo Super Bowl!
How to get into Co-op parties?
Found at an Ace Hardware (Wildfires)
Best place to get a Hipster Haircut?
Best way to meet people from different groups?
Dohee Kim: "I imagine Cal as a castle. The Campanile serves as a tall fortress that oversees the Bay Area and beyond. Each classroom holds academic artillery for me to train with. There are even drawbridges across Strawberry Creek for those who dare to seek admission. … Welcome to the Ivory Tower."
FITE Film, a documentary depicting the path to success in higher education followed by several formerly incarcerated UC Berkeley students and alumni (Clarence Ford, David Maldonado, Shalita Williams, and Richard Rodriguez-Leon), premiered on campus Thursday night.
College of Engineering Dean Shankar Sastry (2007–2017) steps down as Dean at the end of this academic year and returns full-time to his faculty position. "I look forward to returning to my research, exploring exciting new directions in robotics, augmented reality/virtual reality (AR/VR) and vision…"
Many in Berkeley's Claremont Canyon neighborhood survived the Oakland-Berkeley firestorm of 1991, and say they can't help but be on high alert each time its anniversary rolls around in October. Victims share unhappy memories as well as advice for those affected by the North Bay fires.
Fifteen minutes' walk from Berkeley Bowl, with two vivid red, orange and blue stained-glass windows, 6300 Shattuck Ave., Unit Two, is listed at $865,000. The two-bedroom, two-bath Oakland condo is last available unit of six in a converted Methodist church, a historic landmark built in early 1900s.
Shafi Goldwasser, one of only three women to have won the Turing Award, "the Nobel Prize of Computing," will become the new director of Cal's Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing on January 1, 2018. She received her computer science PhD from Cal in 1984, will also be joining EECS faculty.
At UC Berkeley, Pfizer sponsors research into drug development strategy. Intel supports secure computing research. Novartis backs research targeting "undruggable diseases." More and more, the funders of UC Berkeley research are of a corporate, and not public, character.
With local air quality deemed "unhealthy" in Berkeley, people are finding it tough to buy masks, particularly those that work, as stores are selling out. Berkeley Ace Hardware sold out of face masks Wednesday. Johnston Medical store on Shattuck Avenue had over 40 people lined up to buy face masks.
To the guy who shit his pants earlier in Evans
CAL UPSETS #8 WASHINGTON STATE 37 - 3
Today’s protest brought to you by...
Leadership Award Disbursement
English 45 grading
Amazon SDE Exam invitations
For a UC Berkeley liberal arts grad, am I doing "poorly" job-wise?
Taking 61b before 61a?
Looking for cheap/good psychologists in Berkeley willing to sign a form in their first/second visit with them
Conservative Students Targeted at UC Berkeley
Beautiful photos of Berkeley thread
Quite the sunset from up on the hill tonight. Thoughts go out to everyone hit by these fires
Mia Villanueva: As I kissed my son goodbye, a flier on his daycare's door caught my eye. "Music time at noon on Wednesdays! Parent participation is welcome." I contemplated how my family could get by on one income and how I could drop-out of college now and return once my son was in kindergarten.
“Fear Outbreak Against Hindoos” in 1907 Berkeley
Saddam Hussein, George Bush, a parrot, an elephant, Berkeley Law, Antifa and African wilderness all in one story. Can't imagine it? Don't worry, Cal graduate Jim Currie has, in his novel "Saddam's Parrot." He combines absurdism and journalese to analogize Cal's strange political and protest culture.
Sydney Schreppler, 29, a postdoctoral fellow in physics and Cal Ph.D. who in her spare time mentors women majoring in science and served as head coach for the campus's club women's lacrosse team, was awarded one of five 2017 For Women in Science Fellowships by L'Oréal USA and will receive $60,000.
Neil Smelser, 87, Cal professor emeritus of sociology and higher education leader who navigated the swells of student uprisings, died Oct. 2. During the Free Speech Movement, he acted as a liaison between the Cal administration and student groups. He mentored Cal sociologist Arlie Hochschild.
Ariana Ruiz, 40, a mother of four, who was found dead in a tent at a Berkeley homeless camp last week did not live there, had never been there before and was found without her phone or pocketbook. She lived in an Oakland apartment and may have gone to the camp to meet a friend who has since vanished
Some Cal professors canceled classes (History 100AP and History of Art R1B) in light of health concerns related to smoke, pollutant inhalation. Several ASUC senators plan to use semesterly discretionary funds ($250 per senator) to purchase air masks in bulk to be distributed to students on Sproul.
UC will cut perks for senior-level officials systemwide to reduce costs. UCOP spent at least $21.6 million on "generous" employee benefits over five years, including $2.5 million on retirement savings accounts for executives and more than $2 million on business meeting and entertainment expenses.
Residents of Martinez Commons were evacuated about 7:40pm. According to BFD Battalion Chief Bill Kehoe, BFD received reports of a fire alarm going off at Martinez Commons. Firefighters arrived on the scene and discovered that there was a reported dryer fire in the building.
Studying for Math 128a
When did Berkeley become a parody
The Leadership Award
BCR President allegedly impeached in power struggle/potential frat pledge stunt
Withdrawal during the first semester?
Conservative students at UC Berkeley face everything from insults to threats of violence
To the girl who pissed her pants earlier in Dwinelle
Any environmental science grad students?
When do we get our financial aid packages for Spring 2018?
Easiest breadths to get a pass in the spring (international studies or philosophy)
How y'all feel about the Adam's Stat 20 midterm yesterday?
Easy breadths in the spring?
Which professor should I choose for math 54/53?
Late Night Study Spots
Fire on the west crescent
Is the Cal game on 10/13 going ahead with the smoke?
Historic home, sold by UC Berkeley for $17 in 2010, now back on market for $1.3M. Cheney Cottage was built in 1902 by Warren Cheney, a real estate developer, and his wife May, an alumna and former employee of UC Berkeley.
Berkeley News this week premieres a series of short, TED-like talks highlighting the work of 17 UC Berkeley and Berkeley Lab researchers who are tackling the global challenges of climate change. Every week, Berkeley News will post another video in the series.
Berkeley's endowment office has selected David McAuliffe to be the campus's new chief investment officer, overseeing $1.8 billion in assets. McAuliffe comes to the assignment after 11 years at the University of Washington Investment Management Company, where he was a senior investment officer.
50 supporters gathered in front of Berkeley City Hall on Tuesday to honor the life of Kayla Moore—a Black transgender woman diagnosed with schizophrenia who died in Berkeley police custody in 2013—and march for police reform. The march was organized by the Justice 4 Kayla Moore Coalition, or JFKMC.
More than a dozen students from Latino College Preparatory Academy, a San Jose charter high school, traveled to Cal to rally for immigrant rights and voice their support for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. BAMN's Yvette Felarca attended: "DACA is Donald Trump's Achilles heel."
Freshman Camron King, an asthmatic: "It sucks because you can't escape it. You're literally trapped." Kun Wang, international student: "In Beijing it doesn't smell like this. (Berkeley) smells really bad. I feel like it's worse (in Berkeley) right now but it will get better." Tang Center: 7–10people
L&amp;S Scheduling Help: Too few units?
Berkeley Forum: Hartmut Neven came to UC Berkeley to present quantum computing research he has pioneered as founder of Google's Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab. "It's made to be more mysterious than it actually is. Anyone with a GPA able to get into Berkeley should be able to understand this."
UC Berkeley sophomore Marina Vidaurri: "My house, my neighborhood, my whole area has been demolished." She comes from Fountaingrove in northern Santa Rosa, an area hit hard by North Bay fires. Her family obtained a picture of their house—only a staircase remains intact, leading to nothing but rubble
Is the Cal game going ahead this Friday with all the smoke in the sir?
How plausible is getting into a UGBA/Haas course as an econ major?
Is there any way to know a course will be offered 2 semesters from now (Econ 140)?
Struggling in CS61B
Red flag warning issued for East Bay, weather conditions "critical"
CS classes for next semester question.
Struggling in Math 1B, should I take Math 53 next semester?
Difference between EECS and regular CS major?
Smoky air quality: some tips from Berkeley Disaster Team
Who keeps on putting trail mix by North Gate?
Future of ASUC Sexual Violence Commission remains ‘unclear’ as it "is currently inactive because only one person applied to chair the commission."
Has anyone here taken Physics 177?
Facebook Confirms it Has Banned Rapper Lil B for Hate Speech
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: "In a world captivated by leaked nudes, I could have only imagined how awful the experience [of revenge porn] was [for Zi]. While I am publicly writing about my sexual experiences online, I already know that it will be up forever, with my consent."
Book review by Mal Warwick: In "Watch Me Disappear" a Berkeley housewife goes missing; then things get strange. In Janelle Brown's new novel, Billie Flanagan lives with her husband and 15-year-old daughter in the Elmwood District. Then she disappears.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: "In a world captivated by leaked nudes, I could have only imagined how awful the experience [of revenge porn] was [for Zi]. While I am publicly writing about my sexual experiences online, I already know that it will be up forever, with my consent."
Book review by Mal Warwic: In "Watch Me Disappear" a Berkeley housewife goes missing; then things get strange. In Janelle Brown's new novel, Billie Flanagan lives with her husband and 15-year-old daughter in the Elmwood District. Then she disappears.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "UC Berkeley rests on Ohlone land and the remains of more than 10,000 Native Americans forcibly exhumed in the name of science. The campus has not fully recognized its harmful role in a long history of indigenous erasure."
North Bay wildfires: How to stay informed, help victims. A Cal Fire map provides general locations of major fires. Volunteer with Red Cross. Airbnb activated a disaster relief program facilitating temporary shelter for evacuees. Berkeley Dog &amp; Cat Hospital is offering free pet boarding to evacuees.
Berkeley in the midst of World War II 75 years ago. Mayor Frank S. Gaines in October 1942: With the present shortage of meat and the situation becoming more acute each day the committee appointed last night will promote throughout Berkeley the raising of chickens and the growing of Victory gardens."
Here is a list of some of the East Bay restaurants, bars and food businesses that are collecting donations, raising money or sending supplies to people who’ve been affected by the North Bay wildfires. A donation site is being set up at Missouri Lounge in Berkeley at 2600 San Pablo Ave. (at Parker).
Berkeley firefighter Josh Block's home was destroyed Monday in the Santa Rosa blaze. A GoFundMe page raised more than $27,000 to help his family. Bay Area has mobilized to help as wildfires tear through Northern California wine country. Berkeley first responders have been among those offering aid.
An attempted robbery took place Monday 4:15pm outside Crossroads Student Dining Hall. Two suspects approached a student as he was walking toward Crossroads and beat him while attempting to rob him. The suspects: Hispanic male (18–20 years old), Black male (18–20), Black male, Hispanic female (16–18)
Any other Early Modernists out there?
Comic Cons
Can Classes Count as Both Prereq and Breadth Requirements?
Wildfires raging through Northern California counties prompted officials to issue an air quality warning for entire Bay Area. Berkeleyside readers reported being woken up in middle of the night by smell of smoke. Twitter user st. norah around 5:40am: "Whole house smells like someone upended a BBQ."
Crews from multiple jurisdictions battled and contained a grass fire that broke out 3:45am in Tilden Park. BPD put out a Nixle alert at 4:40am saying there was a fire on Golf Course Road and Ajax Place. The flames were under control by 5:20am, but firefighters were still extinguishing hot spots.
UC Berkeley has received $13.4 million to build a next-generation MRI brain scanner, which will allow researchers to view minute details of the brain with more clarity than before. This scanner's new technology will increase the resolution of images by a factor of 20.
Berkeley-based startup Twindom is working on a solution called Drapr. The company is using its 3D imaging technology to create a virtual fitting room experience capable of showing you how your own body would look in any article of clothing — all from the comfort of your home.
It's rare for an investor to bid 17 times the minimum asking price at a house auction. Yet that's what Tom White and Dmitri Belser did when they purchased Cheney Cottage for $17 from Cal in 2009. That house, and a second house that shares same lot, at 1632-34 62nd St., is for sale at $1.295 million.
It's rare for an investor to bid 17 times the minimum asking price at a house auction. Yet that's what Tom White and Dmitri Belser did when they purchased Cheney Cottage from Cal in 2009. That house, along with a second house that shares same lot, at 1632-34 62nd St., is for sale at $1.295 million.
Mumu Lin: "My first times playing Dragon Age had coincided with my realization that I was crushing hard on a close female friend. While I had known for a while that I liked girls, it was the first time that I had felt confronted by the 'unnaturalness' of my queer identity."
Neil McClintick: Stanford might have Cal beat in …, but gaze long into the Cardinal, and an abyss will stare back at you. I'm here to tell you Cal is better than Stanford, but not for the petty propagandist reasons you've heard before. Stanford doesn't see the value in having transfer students.
L&amp;S students can now use a new program on CalCentral to check their progress in both their major and college requirements. The APR (Academic Progress Report) tool was made available to students Sunday. The tool's development was prompted by the retirement of DARS (Degree Audit Reporting System).
Berkeley Students Protest Exam and Demand ‘Take-Home,’ Accuse Test-Takers of White Supremacy
Can any Canadian students help me with my admission questions?
Easy class for physical science breadth?
Trouble with Calcentral schedule planner
Can you use work-study for a generic retail job?
Waves of Applicants at Berkeley
Time Commitment for MUSIC 25A?
This Sunday, 15-Oct, The Cheese Board will celebrate its 50th Anniversary with a street party
Purple Berkeley Shirts
Looking to rent a car for ~one week over Thanksgiving - anyway to waive young driver's fee? 22 years old
Financial aid, withdrawal, reduced course load questions
California Values Act changes laws regarding how local and state police can interact with ICE. Many people: It makes California the first sanctuary state. Berkeley City Councilmember Kriss Worthington: This bill's less likely to impact Berkeley than other cities because Berkeley's a sanctuary city.
Saturday no spectators were allowed at Berkeley High School. Fans had to peer through a fence around the stadium to watch the varsity football game against Tennyson that had been postponed. A fight and ensuing threats on social media led BHS to cancel the game Friday night and play mid day Saturday.
The six residence halls that make up Unit 1 are a familiar sight, but what students seem less familiar with is the Native American Theme Program, or NATP, that calls Unit 1 Slottman its home. The program is housed on the fourth floor of Unit 1 Slottman and currently consists of nine students.
Katrina Fadrilan: From one campus culture to another. "when I arrived at Cal this year I was overwhelmed by the constant, adamant presence of community. Solidifying our campus universe, we have established our own language and time. Thrown at me was the lexicon of FSM, HMMB, GBC, GPB, IB, EECS, GSI"
Justin Dela Cruz: The woes of the Fall Program for Freshmen. "The most prominent among these disadvantages is the fact that we are paying extra fees of $2,050 … the program tends to result in students feeling isolated from their peers on main campus." FPF San Francisco campus: one-hour bus commute.
A suspect — described in a UCPD Nixle alert as a Black female 30 to 40 years old, about 5'7", 150 pounds and wearing a gray top and faded jeans — allegedly assaulted an unaffiliated male victim at People's Park about 9:30am Saturday with a two-by-four piece of wood and frozen water bottle.
Twenty-five years ago, Berkeley became the first city in the United States to replace Columbus Day with Indigenous Peoples' Day, setting a precedent for other cities and states to follow. The holiday was first implemented Oct. 12, 1992.
The Native American community at UC Berkeley is small, but it is determined to not be forgotten. In fall 2016, the Native American campus student population consisted of 242 individuals. There are only two Native American faculty members, who are both in the Native American studies program.
How Hard Is Maintaining a 3.3 GPA For Comp Sci Majors? Have many people dropped out of Comp Sci b/c of it?
Any upcoming stand-up events?
Flipping around an earlier post: what are some good restaurants that open earlier than 11AM?
Why are there not more black students?
Where can I recycle electronics here?
Is it rude to talk on the phone in 4th floor Moffitt?
Berkeley Students Protest Exam and Demand ‘Take-Home,’ Accuse Test-Takers of White Supremacy
Paul S. Otellini, 66, former chief executive officer at Intel, died. He received a Haas MBA in 1974. He remained connected with the business school as a member of Haas School Board, and he and his wife Sandy contributed $1 million toward a classroom in the school's Chou Hall, which opened this fall.
Neil McClintick: "Since moving to Berkeley 7 weeks ago, I lost a job I only had for a week, fell behind on five weeks of reading and failed to declare my major on four separate occasions. … Somehow now six weeks in, I find myself faced with a fear of the unknown — upper-division midterms."
Isabel Lichtman: "I remember being terrified my first day of preschool, screaming and crying, dragging my fingers across the pavement in an effort to avoid the crowd. I felt as if the ground was being torn out from beneath me. It was me, face streaked with tears, against …well-adjusted children."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "UC deserves a better leader than Norman Pattiz. It's time to implement more accountability measures for current regents and to establish a more democratic way of choosing new ones." Last October a recording surfaced of him asked his colleague if he could hold her breasts.
EECS 101 Piazza: EECS professor Paul Hilfinger's programming content. "This year's contest is scheduled for Saturday, 14 October 2017. The contest will start at 10:30 and end at 15:30. Meet in 306 Soda at 10:00."
Debbie Notkin and Barbara Stebbins: "The City Council unanimously approved $25,000 as Berkeley's fair share of the funds needed to conduct a feasibility study for a public bank for cities in the East Bay. Local media focused coverage on pepper spray and naked nipples and didn't even mention it."
The only thing colder than the brisk nighttime air at Husky Stadium on Saturday night was the ruthlessness with which No. 6 Washington feasted on Cal football, showing the world just why they deserve their ranking, in a demolition of the Bears, 38-7.
A smoldering cigarette that had fallen into the cracks of a deck appears to be the cause of the fire that heavily damaged a home in the 1400 block of Stannage Avenue on Thursday night, according to Assistant Berkeley Fire Chief Keith May. It caused an estimated $70,000 to $80,000 in damage.
What happens after college for international students?
Didn't get into Haas, wasn't able to declare CS or Cog Sci, strongly dislike Econ.
Looking for 61C + 70 tutors.
Celebrate autumn at the free Berkeley Harvest Festival!
UGBA course recommendations for an engineer?
Easy Breadth Classes
I need help finding a great late night food spot in Berkeley
In the pilot episode of "Jordan on Sproul," Jordan Rosales finds out what students think about UC Berkeley's newest ranking as the #2 public university in the world.
Cluster for Stats Major?
Anyone who has graduated or knows a lot about EECS courses... help would be much appreciated!!!
Easy/Interesting IEOR classes?
Tennis tomorrow in Berkeley? Male NTRP 4.0 player looking to hit
Szechuan Sauce available today nearby?
Quick question about EECS requirements....
How much work is Stat 131A or Stat 20?
Why is Physics 5A (successor to H7A) listed as 3 units on schedule planner, compared to 7A, which is listed as 4?
EECS 101 Piazza: "The Boost@Berkeley Haas program is seeking a student volunteer (or group of students) to teach a Girls Who Code course to underrepresented K-12 students. The curriculum has already been created by the national organization."
Alicia Garza, a cofounder of the Black Lives Matter organization, came to Berkeley Thursday "to rant for a minute" before settling into a somber talk about BLM today and the urgent need to fight threats ranging from fascism to white supremacy. She was a guest of Gender and Women's Studies Department
A two-mile stretch of Shattuck Avenue, encompassing the Gourmet Ghetto and the heart of the downtown business district, will be closed to traffic from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Oct. 15 for "Sunday Streets." Also known as "Open Streets," the festival is now in its sixth year in Berkeley.
Carol Christ: "Like many of you, I am struggling to process the tragedy that unfolded Sunday evening in Las Vegas. The immense loss of life, the hundreds of injuries, the panic on the ground…, the renewed acrimony about gun control, and the search for answers all weigh heavily."
Cal students and faculty came together Thursday near the Campanile to hold a candlelight vigil to honor the victims of the October 1, 2017, Las Vegas massacre. Vigil organizer and ASUC senator Jenica Bautista: "A hometown friend of mine was one of the 59 that was unfortunately in the line of fire."
Two of the three recipients of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Chemistry were formerly affiliated with UC Berkeley. Joachim Frank who conducted research at the UC Berkeley Donner Laboratory in the 1970s, and Richard Henderson was a visiting scientist at the campus's Miller Institute in 1993.
Former Raj Properties janitor Sandra Godoy filed a lawsuit. Her supervisor, Julio Barrera, asked her to have sex saying he had sexual fantasies about her and she should leave her partner to be with him. He stared at her breasts and rubbed his penis through his pants as he eyed her up and down.
Berkeley City Councilmember Kate Harrison held a town hall to address concerns about the sale of high-alcohol-content beverages in Berkeley. Speakers were concerned the marketing of "alcopops," fortified drinks that contain a high sugar content, was encouraging alcoholic consumption among minors.
Withdrawing from Berkeley for a semester...
Police investigating death at homeless camp in South Berkeley
Are the pre-reqs for cs classes a requirement?
Math 53 &amp; Math 54 &amp; Econ 101a together?
HUGE shoutout to Artichokes during this power outage
How bad will dropping a 1-unit course and the retaking it look on a transfer application?
power outage???
South Berkeley rapper Koran Streets sings praises of his vanishing hood
How hard/how much work is EE 127?
me irl + the other freshman on my floor 😂
Repercussions still being felt at UC Berkeley over 'Free Speech Week'. UC Berkeley campus were papered with posters reading “Fuck your commie trash” and “Your city is run by thugs in black masks.”
Students must resist, hold administration accountable for Free Speech Week. "I am tired of seeing my fellow students, especially marginalized students, go through this exhausting trauma and harassment each day"
Op-Ed: Administrators should devote an equal commitment of time, money and energy to the promotion of social justice and the advancement of the claims of those who are most marginalized and oppressed by white supremacist/xenophobic/sexist/racist speech.
CS61A Spring 2018 Question
Berkeley Students protest Exam, Accuse Professor of White Privilege
[Question] Anyone do FRC/FTC/VEX/Other Robotics Competition in High School and interested in continuing?
Mia Villanueva: There are days when I'd love to stay home with my son and not miss a moment of his growing up. I also want to pursue my education so he can see the value of a college degree and my resilience in pursuing it. I want to do so without the underhanded remarks about my choices as a mother
Claudia Marie Huynh: A day in the life of a Cal English major. After class you search for jobs after being reminded‚once again, "graduation is just around the corner." You also can't forget "an English degree is not nearly as lucrative as a computer science degree" (thanks for the reminder, Grandma)
BAMN organizer Yvette Felarca's arraignment on charges of assault, riot in Sacramento postponed to November 8. Felarca was also arrested Sept. 26 on suspicion of battery and resisting arrest at a free speech rally in Berkeley. Felarca's court date for the September incident is scheduled for Oct. 26.
The Resistance School, an online lecture series teaching tools for progressive activism, opened to the Cal community Thursday. The student-run organization, which broadcasts pre-recorded lectures every other Thursday starting Oct. 5, has its own curriculum, lecture notes and homework assignments.
UC Berkeley School of Law alumnus Thelton Henderson, a former federal judge and adviser to Martin Luther King Jr., is returning to his alma mater. In 1996, he blocked California's Proposition 209, a ballot measure that attempted to block affirmative action programs in public universities.
UC Berkeley School of Law alumnus Thelton Henderson, a former federal judge and adviser to Martin Luther King Jr., is leaving the bench and returning to his alma mater. Henderson will work as a mentor and teacher for current law students, holding office hours and co-teaching parts of courses.
Cal joined together Thursday to reevaluate the role of free speech online and on campus, marking 53 years since UC Berkeley's 1964 Free Speech Movement took place. Lynne Hollander Savio, the widow of Mario Savio: The limitations of talking and arguing with "real people" are gone due to social media.
Chancellor Carol Christ at ASUC: The goal of Free Speech Week organizers was not to actually have the events, but to use the threat of the events "in some political theater…that exists outside of (Cal). [It] was a fiction. [It] was designed to be a provocation to try and get us to cancel the event…"
A knife-wielding man in crisis who repeatedly threatened to commit "suicide by cop" was taken into custody for a medical evaluation after a standoff Wednesday. The man eventually "began to advance on officers” while holding the knife. Officers hit him with multiple rounds from less lethal launchers.
Berkeley MET program, please help !!
Easiest R&amp;C B?
Math 110 or Math 113, Stat 134, Stat 135, CS 47B. Is this schedule good for Fall 2017?
Undergrad Business at the Haas School?
Am I screwed if I declare CogSci?
Doctors Without Borders Recruitment Info Session - November 8, 2017 - Berkeley, CA
A Day of Time-Lapse - Inside UC Berkeley (Entirely shot indoor)
Is double majoring advisable?
Why is Financial Aid taking so long?
Antifa stalking UC Berkeley’s conservative students, group says
Hi guys! UCEAP student need advice on co-op housing.
EE49
Qualcomm Cafe is set to reopen at the start of the 2018 spring semester with Yali's as its new vendor after being closed for renovations since the end of May. Ayal Amzel, co-owner of Yali's: It will provide a more "substantial and diverse" menu than the one offered by CalDining, its previous vendor.
Chancellor Carol Christ announced a new commission to assess ways to better handle Cal free speech situations like the canceled "Free Speech Week." The intent is to address the controversy free speech issues have caused at Cal, as well as to examine the "complex set of issues and propose solutions."
Carl Curry, 21, of Oakland, was arrested after a violent home invasion robbery in a North Berkeley home Monday 1:15am at 1700 Virginia Street. Two intruders with knife and gun struggled with two men, cutting a 77-year-old, then took off with their property and vehicle. The other intruder's at large
Berkeley Patriot filed an additional component to their civil rights complaint, alleging Cal retaliated against the publication for their initial complaint filed Sept. 19. This retaliation came was an email sent by Carol Christ regarding "hateful messages" after a chalk graffiti incident on Sproul.
Former campus staff member and refugee activist Dianne Walker, 65, died Monday in her Berkeley home. Through her online site Berkeley Refugee Resources, or BRR, Walker created a network where community members could share and discover resources to related to refugees crises.
Prices are high, but women fare well in Bay Area home-buying market. The Oakland-San Francisco-San Jose metro area is one of the top 20 homebuying markets in US for single women. 13.7% of homeowners are single women, with an average home value of $658,600, and a median female income of $54,458.
Amazon is the top recruiter at Berkeley's Haas School of Business: "The company's recruiters descend en masse on campus and stay in touch with students constantly; for instance, eight or 10 alumni might attend large events or host coffee meetings for one-on-one conversations with students."
Cal is hosting an all-day symposium celebrating the 53rd anniversary of the Free Speech Movement this Thursday. Among the scheduled speakers at the "Free Speech in the Age of Social Media" event are Chancellor Carol Christ, professor Robert Reich, and Berkeley Law Dean Erwin Chemerinsky.
Strange ringing sound at Unit 2?
Best Korean Food Around Here
In Class Protest at the Start of a Midterm
how to survive my linguistics class?
why does it smell like puke on spruce just north of hearst
UC Berkeley research fellow, rising star in computer science dies at 25
Haas or switch into IEOR?
Where can I sing live in Berkeley?
ASUC Senator Sunny Aggarwal, who represents the Pirate Party, will resign from his Senate seat because he is no longer enrolled at Cal. He had been regularly active on this subreddit during his campaign last spring.
Trash pickup services?
Use your computer to help the Berkeley Tab team raise money for charity
Former Cal Postdoc, Joachim Frank, wins Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Does stat c8 fill up quickly?
The Revolution Will Not Be Trending!!!
Berkeley essex spa location
Jongmin Jerome Baek: "Software engineers must think deeply about ethics." He briefly dropped out to join a medical tech startup in San Francisco that'd use machine learning to automate a time-consuming job. Keith: "Dude, my mom does that." He was on a road trip with best friend Keith and Keith's mom
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng at Folsom Street Fair (event for BDSM wares, fetish culture): "As I watched an older East Asian man lead his White partner around with a chain secured to his balls I felt this was the true beginning of my quest to understand the complexities of the BDSM world"
Celebrating National Coffee with a Cop Day, UC Berkeley Police Chief Margo Bennett will join Berkeley Police Chief Andrew Greenwood at the original Peet's Coffee at 2124 Vine St. from 8 to 10am on Wednesday, Oct. 4, giving community members a chance to ask questions and talk about their concerns.
Cal ruby player Robert Paylor's parents condemned decision by the sport’s governing body not to discipline Cal’s opponent for causing the injury. An Arkansas State player had wrapped his arm around Paylor's neck as the pile of players went to ground. $768,000 on GoFundMe has been raised for Paylor.
Located on Moffitt Library's fourth-floor patio, Press opened on Monday to provide coffee and other fuel to 10,000 visitors who enter the building every day. The cafe incorporates a door from an aircraft hangar to open and close the facility, and to provide some shade or protection from the rain.
William Turner, 37, on probation for lewd conduct, was charged with a misdemeanor after a South Berkeley mother said he exposed himself to her. Turner told a woman he was "horny" and planned to masturbate while thinking about her. He said repeatedly they should go into a nearby backyard to have sex.
Daniel Marlin, 72, died Aug. 7, 2017. He attended UC Berkeley and dropped out in his second year after realizing the university was not for him. He began his lifelong adventures as a world traveler, poet, artist, translator, and social activist, with Berkeley as his home base for over fifty years.
Reported rapes increase in 2016, according to UCPD security report. In 2014, 50 incidents of rape were reported to occur on or near the UC Berkeley campus. The following year, the reported incidents of rape decreased to 40. But in 2016, the number increased to 63, a 57.5 percent increase from 2015.
Econ 100a midterm
Soccer bar/pub
Spring 2017 Diplomas
Dean of Berkeley Law, Prof. Erwin Chemerinsky, is doing an AMA right now! • r/IAmA
Berkeley College Republicans, Young America’s Foundation lawsuit against UC Berkeley dismissed
Can I apply to Berkeley undeclared l&amp;s and then switch to cs in l&amp;s? Is it easier to get in that way?
For anyone who has taken both, what is harder, 110 or 126?
Why am I not eating Super Duper Burgers yet?
Best Art Classes?
The Revolution Will Not Be Trending!!!
The Revolution Will Not Be Trending!!
Constitutional law scholar and Berkeley Law Dean Erwin Chemerinsky will be holding an AMA today at 5:30 PT in r/iama
Cal grad Barry Barish (BA '57, PhD '62) wins Nobel Prize in Physics for work on the detection of gravitational waves.
How do I get a package delivered to me at Martinez Commons when I no longer even live in the state?
p/np a breadth course?
Care about the Daily Cal violating the rights of the innocent?
Math 55 vs CS70
Police have released surveillance footage in the UC Berkeley assault. Police are looking for a group of three men after an 18-year-old UC Berkeley student was punched unconscious outside a Cal student housing complex at Spens-Black Hall, Unit 3, at 2400 Durant Ave. early Sunday morning.
Mumu Lin: "It's been a whole year since I met my boyfriend in a game when he tried to kill me. … Many people bemoan the pitfalls of long-distance relationships, but in Overwatch, it is like we are together, vicariously living through the characters we played."
As of Sunday, Berkeley has increased the city's minimum wage from $12.53 to $13.75 per hour. This increase is part of its goal to have the minimum wage reach $15 per hour by 2018. The first increase—to $12.53—took effect in 2016. California's minimum wage is $10.50. The federal minimum wage: $7.25.
A judge on Friday dismissed the Berkeley College Republicans' (BCR) allegation that UC Berkeley suppressed conservative speech by not paving the way for Ann Coulter to talk in April, but gave the group a month to file a new complaint. Judge asked for details about how Cal privileges liberal speech.
A new mentorship program designed by Mexican Consulate in San Francisco (Ventanilla de Oportunidades Educativas) is pairing high school students from immigrant families to Bay Area university student mentors, including some from UC Berkeley. Mentors assist with process of applying to universities.
Berkeley College Republicans has alleged that liberal activist groups such as Antifa-related organizations are stalking and harassing conservatives in Berkeley. BCR External Vice President Naweed Tahmas: restroom graffiti at Morgan Hall and a tweet by @berkeleyantifa disclosing location of members.
After legal battle, Cal field hockey finds success at renovated field: In the past few months, UC Berkeley has added a number of new details and facilities to Underhill Field, finishing most of a long-uncompleted settlement with the Cal women's field hockey team.
UC graduate students voted to leave the UC Student Association. Jonathan Morris: "UCSA as an organization is a place where undergraduates go to be heard and make many radical stances. The effectiveness of the approach has not seen results for graduate students for the last couple of years."
Who are some of the best professors to go to office hours of?
goldman-sachs-considering-bitcoin-trading-operation
Might NP a major-related class for the second time, will I be able to retake it again? (under 12 unit cap)
on track to NP required class for major again, will i be able to retake again?
Exchange student looking for arts/humanities subject recs
Internet? Hello???
Fire at Acton, Channing in Berkeley
Please help! I'm an UCSD student with 2 "F" from berkeley summer session
UC Berkeley community reacts to sex misconduct suit against former Tang Center employee, UC Regents
Any good churches in the Berkeley area for non-religious people (like me) to explore?
"Dropping-in" for lectures
Can anyone sneak me into Cal Hacks?
Database for old Physics 5A/H7A Midterms and Final Exams?
Ellen Pao, former interim reddit CEO, spoke at an event co-hosted by the Berkeley Forum and Asian-Americans@Haas at Haas School of Business. She recalled an instance with a Reddit employee who because he believed in diversity was "willing to lower the bar to bring in different people" to his team
Mayor Jesse Arreguín endorsed Berkeley City Councilmember Ben Bartlett on Wednesday, for a seat on the state assembly after Bartlett served on the council for about 11 months. Both Bartlett and Arreguín were elected into office November 2016.
Anne Middleton, a renowned expert on medieval literature and one of the first female professors to break into Cal's Department of English, died at the age of 76. Chancellor Carol Christ, the fourth female professor of English to teach at UC Berkeley, spoke fondly of Middleton during the memorial.
UC Berkeley School of Law dean Erwin Chemerinsky will serve as counsel in a lawsuit against President Donald Trump for his repeal of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. Ten lawyers will present the case Tuesday morning in San Francisco at the United States District Court.
The Young Americans for Liberty, or YAL, rolled a "Free Speech Ball" around Sproul Plaza on Friday to draw attention to limits of free speech at UC Berkeley. LEAD Center, with which all student organizations must register, has refused to recognize YAL because of its similarity to Cal Libertarians.
Injuries have started to pile up for Cal football. Sophomore wide receiver Demetris Robertson will now officially miss the remainder of 2017 season after surgery to recover from a lower body injury. Senior running back Tre Watson and outside linebacker Cameron Saffle also had season-ending injuries.
Researchers from UC Berkeley and major pharmaceutical company Novartis are collaborating to develop new drugs for diseases currently unable to be targeted by drugs. The virtual center will use chemoproteomic technologies to develop new treatments for cancer and infectious diseases.
In response to growing community outcry over the proposed closure of Sutter Health–owned Alta Bates Summit Medical Center by 2030, Berkeley City Council will discuss the impact of closing Berkeley's only hospital Tuesday.
UCPD investigates aggravated assault at Unit 3
2nd semester senior - doable workload?
An Open Letter to UC Berkeley Chancellor Carol Christ from Staff Member
An Open Letter to UC Berkeley Chancellor Carol Christ from Staff Member
This week we tragically lost one of the brightest rising stars in computer science. RIP Michael B. Cohen. (x-post r/compsci)
Cal anthropology professor Nancy Scheper-Hughes: Chair announced my retirement without my knowledge or consent. "All one can say about 'retirement' UC Berkeley-style is 'caveat emptor'—let the buyer beware! … closed-door private negotiating process…You'd best hire a lawyer. I wish I had done so."
Isabel Lichtman: I find myself in a cloud of skunk-like smoke, my lungs crying out in pain but my bad thoughts evaporating like stray pool water on a hot day. Without marijuana to shift my mood, I would have spent my night suffering, trying to stay afloat in a violent sea of destructive thoughts.
Ismael Farooqui on Cal football empty seats: "Back in 1920, Cal Football began a five-year period that resulted in four national championships to its name. … A national sports culture, intertwined with patriotism, was growing up at a time when Cal Football was besting a nation's football teams."
Cal creative writing professor and programmer Vikram Chandra looked for a smart word processor that lends artificial intelligence to the wisdom of a human novelist. He created Granthika. As you write it can construct a timeline around your story calling out chronological contradictions as they arise
3 ways Berkeley connects with the community. Richmond Promise. Y-PLAN. Devin Woolridge is Cal's facilities manager for People's Park, where he's worked for over 20 years. Eve Ahmed has been a clinical social worker for city of Berkeley for 24 years. The pair has gotten to know and helped residents.
Cal football team lost a bit more of their 3-0 luster with its second straight loss in PAC-12 play, losing 45-24 to the Ducks. The Oregon offense spent most of their time in the endzone, the Oregon defense spent most of their time in the backfield, and Ross Bowers spent most of his time on his back.
When computer science students Jimmy Liu and Zuhayeer Musa arrived on campus last fall, they sensed confusion from students who aspired to be entrepreneurs about how to get started. There was no obvious entryway to Berkeley's startup ecosystem. So they created the DeCal "How to Build the Future."
Chancellor Carol Christ: "The past several weeks have been trying ones for Berkeley. In demonstrating our firm commitment to the free speech protections of the First Amendment, this week we have seen speakers come to campus who brought with them ideas that run counter to our Principles of Community"
Not having a good time at Berkeley
UC Berkeley Edu 186AC Protest where students tell the professor to "check his white privilege" and that he isn't qualified to teach the class due to his race.
Need friends!!! Not ANOTHER Lame weekend please :(
I understand that declaring cs in l&amp;s in immensely difficult, but can anyone articulate how difficult it is?
"UC Berkeley outranked by UCLA, UMich, UNC in new college ranking by Wall Street Journal" - Daily Cal
Google Drive Sync
Art show on campus. Food served. Here's some of the artwork that will be there. Sunday morning! (10/1)
Parking near the Greek for a show tonight.
FHA loan requirements | FHA Lender in Houston TX Area
UC Berkeley's study abroad programs attracted more than 1,800 students from fall 2016 to summer 2017, studying in 40 countries. Most visited: 290 students visited England. They were part of the UC Education Abroad Program, or UCEAP, as well as Berkeley Summer Abroad and Berkeley Global Internships.
Ismael Farooqui: "I doubt I would have truly understood what it means to live abroad if it wasn't for my American friends. Spending time between them and my European peers revealed the different manners I used—where I was goofy and presuming with my friends I was deferential and reserved to others."
Sarah Goldwasser: "Marla Bennett — UC Berkeley class of 2000 [killed in 2002] — went to the Pardes the year after she graduated here to study Jewish texts and get a yearlong teaching certification. Two summers ago, one of my friends went to study in her name. This summer, I decided it was my turn."
California Typewriter on San Pablo Avenue held its second "Type-In" on Tuesday evening, a participatory celebration of the manual typewriter. Typewriters — Royals and Smith Coronas and Olympias—were provided by the store, lined up on tables set up for the event, but BYO (Bring Your Own) was welcome.
Dohee Kim: "As an intended sociology (and political science) major I am accustomed to hearing deprecating remarks about my field from peers studying in other, more 'legitimate' departments. In fact I join in on the fun. Teasing myself is one way to cope with crippling anxiety over my future career."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "even grabbing a casual meal on the south side of Berkeley can be an uncomfortable experience, given that Pappy's has become a hub for right-wing protesters. For many, it's a time to connect, or reconnect, with important community-based support groups and safe spaces."
Khamarron Johnson, 19, of Oakland and two minors—ages 16 and 17—from Vallejo were arrested Sunday after one grabbed a computer from a coffee spot near campus that's frequented by UC Berkeley students. They drove down a dead-end street, pursued by the victim, and abandoned the car.
Cal men's soccer notches 2-0 win over UCLA. Cal has former Pac-12 Player of the Week and sophomore goalie Drake Callender to thank for the zero side of the 2-0 result, as his six saves led the team to its third shutout of the year.
Effect of P/NPing HSS/AC requirements on grad school applications?
What do you join in the middle of the semester?
UC refuses to negotiate with CAPS psychologists - please sign and share!
Calling all Canadians! Canadian Thanksgiving at Berkeley, Saturday October 7.
Any way to use network switch in the dorms?
Real reason for tuition hike and more privatization.
Mens Hair Salon/Perm
Undergrad Business at the Haas School?
Stanford got no chill ಠ_ಠ
A Day of Time-Lapse - UC Berkeley
[Serious] Do the normies in CS ever go away?
Math 10A Midterm
Why pick a selective major within L&amp;S for transfer when you're admitted to L&amp;S undeclared anyways?
Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz is considering suing Cal. Cal prevented him from speaking on Israel because he did not give 8-week advance notice. But Cal usually waives the stipulation for speakers invited by a department, but those speakers tend to be anti-Israel, liberals and radicals.
Mia Villanueva: "Like the mother breastfeeding in lecture, I too, have faced my fair share of disparaging looks when I would feed my son in public.…Thankfully, UC Berkeley is one of few campuses that offers breastfeeding support programs at the Tang Center and various lactation rooms around campus."
Does the East Bay care that California has banned foie gras again? The ban affects restaurants and markets but for the determined home chef, foie gras is still available for sale at Market Hall Foods in both Berkeley and Oakland. It is sourced from Hudson Valley Foie Gras in Ferndale, New York.
News analysis: Berkeley's "Free Speech Week" goes out with a whimper. 11 high-profile protests in Berkeley since Feb. 1 when 150 black clad antifa stormed Sproul Plaza, and Cal canceled a Milo talk. Cal has spent at least $1.4 million on security since then, and suffered $100,000 in property damage.
Four robbers, three of whom were female, robbed the Lululemon athletic gear store on Fourth Street on Monday. The robbers took items from the displays, The robbers pushed a security guard to the floor as they fled during the brazen daytime robbery. The guard was not injured.
The United Nations high commissioner for human rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, and the president of Microsoft, Brad Smith discussed the role of technology and business in promoting human rights and freedom of expression at the Haas School of Business' Dean's Speaker Series.
UC Regent Norman Pattiz was accused of brandishing a loaded firearm at a former employee who objected to using false advertising statistics, according to a lawsuit filed Friday against Pattiz in Los Angeles Superior Court. Pattiz is a reserve officer in the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
How do you get academic advising?
Why does VLSB smell like a locker room?
Tang Center employee sued for sexual harassment by UC Berkeley student
Extra meal points
Open-source SAT/ACT Prep Project (PS: Happy Thursday everyone!)
The Wall Street Journal anounces its rankings of the Top 10 public schools in America, UC Berkeley ranked No. 4
The St
Any updates on the data science major?
Berkeley High investigating "the discovery this week of a private Instagram account featuring racist, anti-Semitic and ableist memes" Student: It is ‘hard and draining’ to sit in class with meme creators
Berkeley High investigating "the discovery this week of a private Instagram account featuring racist, anti-Semitic and ableist memes"
Protesters call Indian Trump supporter a Nazi/white supremacist at Berkeley.
EECS 101 Piazza: "Effective this semester, Fall 2017, L&amp;S has changed their policy for requests to make late changes to student schedules. Students are now allowed to request for late changes (adds/drops/change units in variable courses/grading options) once in their entire career at Berkeley."
Refuse Fascism, Trump supporters Wednesday on Sproul. Cal sophomore Hayden Modisett on heavy police presence: "disgusting…They are getting paid to stand." BCR's Ashton Whitty: "I came out as a Republican when I was 13. I came out last year to my liberal family. My family barely talks to me anymore."
Groups of right-wing protesters have been harassing Revolution Books. On Sunday, a few hours after Milo Yiannopoulos’s brief and content-free appearance on Sproul Plaza, 40–50 protesters shouted "USA," and when they couldn't get into the store because staff locked the doors, pounded on the windows.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Many students experienced long delays in receiving financial aid disbursements. Year after year students continue to face unnecessary anxiety, and Cal does comparatively little—even as it touts its commitment to being a vehicle for upward mobility and improved livelihoods.
Authorities are investigating a fatality Tuesday on Grizzly Peak Boulevard in Berkeley, and it may have been a homicide. The University of California Police Department responded first to the scene, at 10:39 a.m. Tuesday. UCPD listed the 20-year-old Hispanic man found there as a "victim of homicide."
The seismically unfit former home of the UC Berkeley Institute of East Asian Studies at 2223 Fulton St. is slated for demolition in 2018. The campus hopes that the soft demolition, including the removal of hazardous material and interior partition walls, will begin before the end of 2017.
John Gibson, 28, a former Cal student and Cloyne Court co-op resident, sustained irreversible brain damage from a 2010 drug overdose. After $3 million of medical bills, Gibson died Sunday in hospice. His parents had spent all the money in their pension and IRA and sued Berkeley Student Cooperative.
Ellen Pao, former interim CEO of Reddit and Kapor's Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, will speak at Cal's Andersen Auditorium 6:00pm–7:00pm, Thursday, September 28, 2017. Hosted by Berkeley Forum and Asian Americans at Haas, the free event is titled "Diversity and Inclusion in Tech and Beyond".
Right-wing protesters attack Revolution Books three times in two days after Milo Yiannopoulos’ appearance at UC Berkeley.
The Wall Street Journal ranks UC Berkeley the No. 4 public university in the country, UCLA ranked No. 1 😠😠😠
Parking Meters
What’s up with the cops rolling around in minivans? Berkeley PD’s budget that far in the garbage?
Evacuation order issued for southwest Sproul as explosive technicians investigate suspicious package
Used Clothes, Textbooks, Life Amenities?
Fight in 'empathy tent' at UC Berkeley leads to 4 arrests (x-post from r/nottheonion)
Opinion: Modern activists and armed provocateurs don't appreciate beauty
Dog On Bart Tracks
Does anyone know of any housing options right now available till the end of the semester?
Does anyone live at CZ and can answer some questions?
I’m an 80-Year-Old Holocaust Survivor. Antifas Aren’t Scary. Neo-Nazis Are - "At a recent anti-hate rally in Berkeley, Joey Gibson, leader of the extreme right-wing, white supremacist group, Patriot Prayer, strolled directly in front of me"
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: "I love doing silly things during sex. I make my boyfriend's penis talk like a muppet when we're cuddling in bed, jiggle my boobs around to make the bird tattoo on my chest 'fly,' …After he devoured his footlong [from Subway] I happily took his six inches."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "If Cal football takes knee during national anthem, fans should too." "Making a statement like kneeling during the anthem would send a powerful message to viewers that college athletes do not turn a blind eye to systemic racism that so many suffer from in this country."
Rigoberto Matias, the hot dog vendor in the viral video in which his money was confiscated by UCPD's Sean Aranas, received $88,000 from 5,600 donations. The total is about half what the vendor would need for a brand new food truck but could pay for a used one, Cal alum Martin Flores said.
A major push will start in October at Cal to begin helping an estimated 10,000 students apply to CalFresh, a federally funded nutrition program that issues a free debit card for groceries to those who qualify. Most individual college students eligible can receive up to $193 in benefits a month.
When Barbara Hendrickson's 90-year-old neighbor needed to sell her Berkeley home, crammed with 40 years' worth of belongings, Hendrickson, a real estate agent, sold the house for her without putting it on the market. In general, selling a house off-market isn't the best approach, experts say.
BAMN organizer Yvette Felarca, 47, was arrested on suspicion of battery and resisting arrest on Telegraph Avenue during a Patriot Prayer demonstration in Berkeley, on Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017. Berkeley Unified School District said Felarca is a part-time employee who "worked her normal hours today."
A 13-year-old boy was taken to the hospital after a crash involving an AC Transit bus in Berkeley at 7:42am Tuesday. The teen cyclist is expected to survive, said Officer Jennifer Coats, a Berkeley police spokeswoman. Dwight at California Street was "completely closed down all lanes".
Right-wing activists, police and counterprotesters converged in People's Park on Tuesday afternoon in response to a rally organized by anti-government group Patriot Prayer. Kyle Chapman: There was a "war against whites" in the US and the rally was "another victory in the battle for free speech."
Power Outage
Power outage?
Ex-UC Berkeley student dies 7 years after catastrophic drug overdose
Deciding whether to P/NP a class
California Journal The Milo Yiannopoulos shtick shows the disconnect between Berkeley students and the meaning of free speech
Free 100% Solar Powered Music Festival at UC Berkeley this weekend
Community Alert: Patriot Prayer and Kyle Chapman are gathering for a hate march at 2pm in Sproul Plaza
Nice Positive Story with a Berkeley connection. Entrepreneur Saves Free College Courses from Government Ban
How the “Coachella of Conservatism” fizzled into an “expensive photo opp” at Berkeley
MIT Professor Max Tegmark will speak at Soda Hall on Tuesday, September 26, 2017, from 3:30–4:30 about his new book, "Life 3.0: Being Human in the Age of Artificial Intelligence." Tegmark did his PhD in physics at UC Berkeley and did a reddit AMA last month.
MIT Professor Max Tegmark will speak at Soda Hall Tuesday, September 26, 2017, from 3:30–4:30 about his new book, "Life 3.0: Being Human in the Age of Artificial Intelligence." Tegmark did his PhD in physics at UC Berkeley and did a reddit AMA last month.
Neil McClintick: "Two years ago, I cried on the steps of De Anza College. I felt ashamed by the realization I was a part of the single-digit percentage of Cupertino students who ended up going to community college. … I [thought they] were less intelligent, lazy and without direction in life."
Zaytuna College, America's first accredited Muslim institution of higher learning, purchased the 10-acre hillside property at the top of Marin Avenue occupied by Pacific Lutheran Theological Seminary for 65 years. Zaytuna's 51 undergrads use three buildings it owns on Holy Hill, north of Cal campus,
Last week, owners Jason Kung and Paul Revenaugh snipped the ribbon to Draw Billiard Club – an art deco-inspired pool hall, bar and restaurant in Downtown Berkeley's Art District. It's been a long time coming as these former owners of The Broken Rack and Sunnyside Cafe secured lease for Draw in 2014.
Dan Mogulof on $800,000 spent on Milo visit: "The money is coming from unrestricted donor funds, so it's not coming from tuition. It's not coming from state funding." It's used to fund boarding, travel and work hours for reinforcements from other law enforcements including Stanford University Police
Some UC Berkeley classes remain canceled despite 'Free Speech Week' cancellation. ESPM professor Lynn Huntsinger: "I have done a lot of reflection on how much of my attitude is related to white privilege, something of course I definitely benefit from in these kinds of situations."
At least 90 campus students and their dependents, along with approximately 20 faculty and staff members, will be affected by the Trump administration's latest travel restrictions, according to Ivor Emmanuel, director of the UC Berkeley International Office. The new ban will take effect October 18.
Factors to consider before withdrawing?
Berkeley Police discovered a large-scale drug operation at a Berkeley home at the 700 block of Alcatraz Avenue late Saturday night after responding to a domestic disturbance. Officers obtained a search warrant and seized 677 pounds of mushrooms with an estimated street value of more than $1 million.
Is it stupid/shameful to withdraw from Cal during semester?
Places to study?
Survey from Berkeley Data Science Program Shows Potential Requirements for DS Major and Minor
Foreign language credit question
An actual video of the Milo speech on 9/24
What it's like visiting the UC Berkeley TANG Center
blah
What Stunts Like Milo Yiannopoulos’s ‘Free Speech Week’ Cost
Opinion: Berkeley's silent majority wants peace and harmony, so police must enforce the law
Opinion: Berkeley's silent majority wants peace and harmony, so police must enforce the law
Good place to drink before a concert at The Greek
Volunteer for Anger Treatment Study ($65)
Berkeley Antifa turning on each other. Antifa attacked for bieng white. " You're still white. You're inherently racist, it's in your blood it's in your DNA"
Is there any reason for why I actually need to graduate?
Milo Yiannopoulos will not return to UC Berkeley for "Free Speech Week," after his brief appearance on Sproul Plaza on Sunday. But a rally that was previously scheduled to take place on the West Crescent Lawn at noon Sept. 25 in response to Free Speech Week is still likely to occur.
Help Needed - Might be kicked out
Barbara Roose was born in 1937 in Nazi Germany to a Jewish mother and a non-Jewish father. Aug. 27, protesters marched to Civic Center Park. In the middle of this organized chaos stood Roose, a calm, elderly woman carrying a sign: "Hate Speech leads to Holocaust. I'm a WWII Holocaust survivor."
Taking a stroll: The benefits and dangers of walking in Berkeley. Aaditee Kudrimoti, Cal sophomore assaulted 10:30pm in April 2017 while walking near Unit 2: "I'm definitely more careful when I’m walking around, careful to the point of being scared." Her assaulter suddenly punched her in the face.
Ninth Circuit Court in San Francisco overturned Nicholas Beaudreaux's conviction for murder of Wayne Drummond in Berkeley Sept. 4, 2006, based on questionable eyewitness testimony. Drummond died of his wounds after friends, thinking he was intoxicated, brought him to Cal sorority Alpha Omicron Pi.
Members of the Student Organic Garden Association hosted the Secretary of the California Department of Food and Agriculture, Karen Ross, on the Oxford Tract on Thursday to discuss Cal's recent plans for a housing development on the site. The Oxford Tract hosts five DeCal courses taught by students.
Vsauce creator and host Michael Stevens discussed a range of topics, such as public speaking, the philosophy of science and his preference for coconut-flavored LaCroix at Thursday's Berkeley Forum event. Vsauce is an educational YouTube channel with more than 12 million subscribers.
EDU 186AC midterm
Latest ICO scam. Companies launching ICOs using vitalik's image even though he has not officially endorsed their offering
Psych Wards/Psychiatric Center
It was never about Free Speech
If you have an opinion, don't go to Berkeley.
Milo Yiannopoulos's 25-minute appearance on Sproul Plaza on Sunday: UC Berkeley Police Chief Margo Bennett said the university spent about $800,000 on security for the day. UC Berkeley spokesman Dan Mogulof called the whole event "the most expensive photo-op in the university's history."
Opinion: Rejecting violent political tactics is a moral choice
"Meet Me Halfway" -- advice from a Harvard professor that's also relevant to Berkeley
Out of state transfers
Is Business Administration and/or Economics easy to get into for UC Berkeley?
Is Business Administration and/or Economics easy to get into for UC Berkeley?
Shuttles for Big Game @ $tanfurd
12:30pm, a huge crowd chased Milo Yiannopoulos out of the area after he spoke at Sproul for 25 minutes, signed condoms, and took selfies. He and his security team got into two white GMC vehicles with out-of-state license plates. Most protesters from Refuse Fascism and By Any Means Necessary (BAMN).
Chelsea Manning, the former intelligence analyst who was convicted of espionage and sentenced to prison for 35 years after disclosing sensitive documents to Wikileaks, was a surprise speaker at the anti-hate rally at Bancroft Way and Telegraph Avenue, in Berkeley, on Saturday, Sept. 23, 2017.
Milo Wins Again
Anyone hiring?
Incorrect info on Econ major application
Caffe Strada this afternoon, let me buy you a drink
A little confusion about Free Speech Week
Erwin Chemerinsky: Carol Christ has made the right decision to spend this money. Failing to do so would require preventing the speakers from coming, an action that'd almost surely violate the First Amendment and cause Cal to be perceived as a censoring, hostile entity to the freedom of expression.
EECS 101 Piazza: "The Student Technology Fund (STF) proposal submission process is now open for fast-track projects with a cap of $5000 per project. The deadline to submit project proposals is October 10, 2017." It is paid for from the Student Technology Fee assessed at $51 per semester for 7 years.
No. 5 USC left Saturday's Memorial Stadium matchup with Cal football with a two-possession, 30-20 win, but that’s admittedly a little misleading. The Trojans were far from embarrassing the Bears, who led in the second half and were tied in the fourth quarter. If it weren't for some ugly turnovers…
Isabel Lichtman, who has severe depression and writes the Thursday blog on mental health: "In the psychiatric ward at Alta Bates, days are filled with terrifyingly elaborate group therapy sessions. … in an effort to escape, I threw myself into the groups with faked enthusiasm."
Neil McClintick: "I can't even tell people I'm a third-year without tacking on 'transfer,' an awkward divide that separates me from other juniors. You can call it imposter syndrome or whatever hip term the bourgeois of academia have now invented to describe this particular brand of low self-esteem."
Berkeleyside on Twitter at 7:25pm on Saturday, September 23, 2017: "Milo said plans for the rest of the week will depend on the response to tomorrow's march, but he said he'll come back to Berkeley every year"
Hundreds marched in Berkeley and Oakland on Saturday to express opposition to white supremacy and fascism. Most were millennials and half wore masks or protective cover. At 2pm a group of about 300+ protestors marched on Telegraph Avenue from Ashby Avenue and blocked all lanes of traffic.
Three days after police put out a community alert about William Turner, a probationer with a history of bizarre interactions with children, a mother, Latasha Brooks, spotted the man shirtless not far from her South Berkeley home. He made inappropriate sexual comments to her and also exposed himself.
"The National" - Concert Oct 14/15th, Anyone Going?
Update on Sunday (9/24) Activities
Berkeley Chancellor investigates Freedom Center posters as a “Hate Crime"
football
How to get your resume seen by recruiters?
Can I declare CS at the end of Junior year?
Memo to Berkeley: Stop confusing “free speech” with “subsidized speech”
Lunch meet up spot?
has anybody noticed the name resemblance of math prof. Marina Iliopoulou and Milo Yiannopoulos?
CUTE! For sale: A Bernard Maybeck home that resembles an airy Italian palazzo
You are hereby notified the Berkeley Patriot is canceling all Free Speech Week activities it sponsored.
Can I get into The Department of Chemical &amp; Biomolecular Engineering
Dohee Kim, who works at the Cal Calling Center to solicit donations from alumni from the '60s, '70s, '80s, '90s: "Most refused to donate. Yet, when they talked, vicariously reliving their college life through this telephone line, their voices unknowingly betrayed them failing to feign disinterest."
UC Berkeley Faculty Panel on Free Speech: From 3:09–10:11, Erwin Chemerinsky, Dean, Berkeley Law, discusses 1st Amendment and Supreme Court case law. "I've covered for you in a little less than five minutes what I usually spend a semester going over with my law students and undergraduates."
On Sept. 13, Guy "Mike" Lee, 62, left the South Berkeley homeless encampment he had called home for the last time and walked to his very own apartment on Fairview Street. It took four members of the council, as well as the mayor to speak on his behalf before his situation was resolved.
Cal's Golden Bears use wearable technology that helps track not just players' movements, but also their sleep. When running back Patrick Laird felt tired after one practice this summer, his Catapult gadget revealed he'd just broken his personal record for yards and explosive movements."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Conservative thinking is not unwelcome on this campus. But BCR and Berkeley Patriot seek to inflame rather than engage. Their tactics inherently promote transphobic, Islamophobic and sexist rhetoric and their event—if it even happens—will be a dark page of Cal's history."
Anyone know ways to sneak into Memorial Stadium?
"Out of control situation": Uncertainty looms over cancellation of "Free Speech Week". Berkeley Patriot will be holding a press conference with Milo Yiannopoulos, Pamela Geller, and Mike Cernovich in San Francisco on Sept. 23. Milo intends to march through Sproul Plaza on Sunday, Sept. 24.
Berkeley Students Speak Out About Free Speech. Sarah Gallo: "We can't pick and choose what speech we allow." Sabreen Abdelrahman: "Some speakers are coming to 'shout fire' in a university campus." Kathryn Taylor Swain: "I am thoroughly petrified and fearful of my safety."
Let Right-Wing Speakers Come to Berkeley? Faculty Is Divided. Cal math professor Katrin Wehrheim: In Germany today, "you will get jailed for certain speech—and I think that is absolutely the right thing." Cal anthropology professor Nancy Scheper-Hughes: "Words can be like rape—they can destroy you."
Has Anyone Gotten In With A GPA below the 25th Percentile as a Transfer Student?
Free speech week is NOT cancelled.
Diabetus Cat Invades UC Berkeley, Triggers Snowflakes
Has anyone heard back from L&amp;S CS Admissions if they petitioned in August?
The Alt Right on Campus: What Students Need to Know
Are there any decals still open for enrollment?
ASUC Senate votes to condemn Milo Yiannopoulos’ ‘Free Speech Week’
Vanity Fair reports Steve Bannon's calendar "clogged with prior commitments", attendence unlikely
Student Organizers Cancel 'Free Speech Week' Events
Poli Sci 179 - Too Late to sign up?
Cal to hire consulting firm to plot strategy for “long-term sustainability model” [for athletics]
Sep 28: "Beyond Recognition" playing at Temescal Street Flicks! Learn more about the Ohlone fight to preserve their culture and homeland
'Junk science': experts cast doubt on widely cited college free speech survey. Survey saying 20% of US college students believe it’s appropriate to use violence against offensive speech was administered to an opt-in online panel.
Taking Below Min Credits (L&amp;S)
My advice to people who don't like Milo Yiannopoulos, and author Ann Coulter; for free speech week....
going to a glass animals show tomorrow, how soon before should i arrive to get to the front row (gen admission)?
Mia Villanueva, a student-parent at UC Berkeley: In 2014 at age 20 "[I] registered for my next semester of classes between dulled contractions and looks of disbelief from my nurses. … Too often have professors responded coldly when I've told them I can't make it to class because my son is sick."
Joel Mayorga's editorial cartoon: Money well spent? Chancellor Carol Christ paying for security for Ben Shapiro's speech while financial aid disbursements are late, forcing students to take loans, and Berkeley Connect, a Cal academic mentoring program, could be eliminated because of lack of funding.
Freshman Jasmine Vielma on classes and instructors’ office hours being canceled right before her midterm due to Shapiro's speech: "I'm working my ass off to study and stuff, so when I have to be scared of coming onto campus or when I have to miss a class that I have to pay for…it's kind of unfair."
NS10 Studying
A stray bullet killed Terrence McCrary Jr., a 2011 Berkeley High alum, outside an art gallery in Oakland in August 2016. No arrests have been made, but authorities offered a $25,000 reward in connection with the shooting, which also took the life of Berkeley High graduate, Craig Fletcher-Cooks.
A Berkeley Hills resident caught a home burglar on camera before the man tried to bolt with a bag of jewelry. The man was wearing "gloves, black sunglasses and a black hoody [sic] walking past my house" on Grizzly Peak Boulevard not far from the Lawrence Hall of Science.
Chancellor Carol Christ: "We should explore whether there should be a limit to the number of events a student group can schedule in a row, whether we should have an annual budget for security costs, and whether criteria for status as a student organization should be reviewed."
Milo Yiannopoulos publicly posted photos and identifying information of ASUC Senator Juniperangelica Cordova-Goff and doctoral student Adam Jadhav. Cordova-Goff: "My existence, as a brown, transgender woman, was ridiculed by thousands who commented with queer and transgender slurs…and death threats"
Berkeley Police Department issued 551 alcohol-related citations or arrests during the first two weekends of the fall semester for a second year in a row. Specific program: Operation Shoulder Tap involves officers enlisting people over 18 but under 21 to ask adult patrons to purchase alcohol for them
How long is the track at Clark Kerr?
HKN vs TBP
cs168 with Schenker: Are slides enough for exams?
Am I the only one who feels like Steve Bannon and Ann Coulter won't actually be coming to Berkeley and Milo only mentioned their names to hype up his event?
Housing costs and general costs of living around your university?
Historic photography of Gourmet Ghetto
Anyone know what just happened in Wheeler lobby?
What bus route should I take to get from close to the unit dorms to soda hall/cory hall?
Student Section Question
Tech’s push to teach coding isn't about kids' success – it’s about cutting wages. Today’s hi-tech wages threaten Silicon Valley’s bottom line. What better way to drive down coders’ pay than by investing in a new generation of cheap labor?
I am looking for info on the Pablo Gomez Jr murder case
David Horowitz putting up flyers on campus labeling some faculty members as terrorists
Should I P/NP NUSCTX 10 or GEOG 10?
What value a home? The $50,000 cup of coffee and the $100,000 view. DJ Grubb, co-owner of The Grubb Company, a real estate firm: "People want to participate in their community." A prime example: the lively groups of people at Berkeley’s Cheese Board in the Gourmet Ghetto at lunch and dinner times.
University of California President Janet Napolitano said Wednesday her office, which oversees the UC system, will take the unprecedented step of helping Berkeley cover the the "substantial" security costs of Free Speech Week. That protection is necessary to ensure free speech on campus, she said.
Phrases written in chalk such as "Illegals, ICE is coming", "They're called Dreamers for a reason", "Build a wall, deport them all", "ANTIFAGS" and "Abortion is genocide" were spotted on Sproul Plaza late Monday. Chalking on Cal property is not allowed at any time and is a violation of campus policy
Berkeley will temporarily offer housing for hurricanes Harvey and Irma victims at below-market rents after a motion passed by Rent Stabilization Board. Landlords may increase rent to the market rate at the end of the temporary agreement, so long as it states the amount of rent that will be charged.
California State Treasurer and 2018 gubernatorial candidate John Chiang came to Cal on Monday to speak on his vision for California's future on issues ranging from the state's housing crisis to its failing infrastructure. The event was hosted by Berkeley Forum and Goldman School of Public Policy.
UC Berkeley Haas School of Business alumnus Scott Galloway made a $4.4 million donation to Haas, aimed at supporting students who are children of immigrants. The first four fellowships created through Galloway’s donation, totaling $200,000, were granted to full-time MBA students this academic year.
Alex Chow, incoming Cal geography doctoral candidate, jailed after leading 2014 Hong Kong pro-democracy protests. Hector Chan, president of Hong Kong Student Association (HKSA): Chow occupied Civic Square to fight for referendum, democracy in Hong Kong—a "fundamental right in the American community"
A poll conducted by the UC Berkeley Institute of Governmental Studies showed that 51 percent of voters living in the San Francisco Bay Area have considered moving due to the rising cost of housing. According to the poll, 63 percent of Bay Area residents "favor" local rent control laws.
Pick Up Rugby
Pick Up Rugby
Waitlist policy
CS 61B Tutoring
Trump supporter who was spit on at Berkeley gas station turns out to be racist asshole (surprise, surprise)
Chairman Bob scheduled to come out of hiding and speak
Carol Christ's email about Free Speech Week (Scheduled dates and times)
Math 54 Help
Campus update on ‘Free Speech Week’
Berkeley Kintone Dojo - Workshop &amp; mini-Hackathon hosted by Kintone on Friday, September 29th
Berkeley protest victim speaks after stabbing allegations deemed false
Why Free Speech Is Important
Math 10A Midterm Advice?
How to get Berkeley Lab (LBNL) bus pass
Any classes that I can still sign up for?
The Easiest Way To Build Link Pyramids :: Link Pyramider
What major/majors more logical for someone interested in both computer science &amp; cognitive science; BA CS &amp; BS Cog Sci or perhaps BS EECS &amp; BS Cog Sci?
Once inconsequential, the Berkeley College Republicans now command national attention. The president of Berkeley College Republicans, Troy Worden, 21, opened its first meeting of the school year by telling prospective members not to join it—unless they were prepared to put themselves in danger.
The New York Times on upcoming Free Speech Week, a four-day event organized by the Berkeley Patriot: "As the university braces for more protests, Times reporters would like to hear from students and faculty at U.C. Berkeley: What does freedom of expression on a college campus mean to you?"
An off-duty Berkeley police officer witnessed a robbery Tuesday night. A female was knocked down 8:20 p.m. and "robbed of her purse" near Milvia and Russell streets. Officer called dispatch to report the robbery, then followed suspects as they drove away from area. Three people ended up in custody.
Berkeley Patriot alleged Cal ignored its requests for the campus to subsidize the reservation and staffing costs for "Free Speech Week" (Cal had subsidized the cost for Berkeley College Republicans’ Ben Shapiro event), resulting in its missing three deadlines for signed contracts and payments.
Sept. 23, $86,000 raised through a GoFundMe campaign will be presented to hot dog street vendor Beto Matias at the UC Berkeley Center for Latino Policy Research at 11 a.m.—with bacon-wrapped hot dogs, courtesy of Beto who dreams to have his own food truck. UCPD's Sean Aranas had taken $60 from him.
Dean Erwin Chemerinsky isn't interested in rehabilitating the UC Berkeley School of Law—because he believes it doesn't need rehabilitating. "I want to see us be in or near the top five of all law schools within this 10-year period." His wife Catherine Fisk and the majority of her family are Cal alum
Andrea Lombard, a media major with an interest in technology who graduated in May 2017, launched FEMTech in 2015, the first tech club for women of all majors at Cal. It now has a full series of programs including speaker events, web-development workshops, tutoring services and a robot building team
Considering taking 5A and 5B concurrently next semester
$45 CASH gig!
Question about 1 bedroom, off-campus, apartments
"Race-Baiting Student CONFRONTS Ben Shapiro, Gets SCHOOLED"
Tips to get into EECS?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Michelle Zheng: "With a 7-inch dildo in one hand, a vibrator pressed against my clit and an incognito tab at the ready, I dove into the treasure trove that was Reddit's NSFW Plowcam page. … From seeing five people at the same time, consistently planning threesomes…"
I'll just leave this right here.😫
International Studies Requirement
Mary-Claire King, a former Cal professor: The week my husband left and my house was burgled I secured a grant to begin the project that became BRCA1. She also received tenure the middle of spring quarter 1981 at Cal, and Joe DiMaggio watched her daughter Emily while they were in line for a plane.
Hasmig Minassian has been teaching history at Berkeley High School for two decades. After the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, her class will be tackling controversial topics including the origins of white supremacy, white nationalism and the recent rise of movements linked to those ideologies
Berkeley Fire Department's long-serving fire chief, Gil Dong, announced his retirement Sept. 12 at a Berkeley City Council meeting. He had served 27 years, with four as fire chief. Acting fire chief David Brannigan, who declined to comment, explained Dong had been "very private" about his decision.
Cal released the finalized list of speakers for "Free Speech Week" given to them by Berkeley Patriot. Steve Bannon and Ann Coulter are not included in updated list. Sept. 24, "Feminism Awareness Day". Sep. 25, "Zuck 2020". Sept. 26, "Islamic Peace and Tolerance Day". Sept. 27, "Mario Savio is Dead".
UC systemwide tuition could increase by 2.5 percent ($348) if the university's 2018-19 preliminary budget is approved. Only students whose family income exceeds $165,000 will have to pay the tuition increase in full. Napolitano: For over 100,000 UC undergraduates, net tuition would in fact be lower.
Cal is under the spotlight for "Free Speech Week," but Berkeley Patriot, the student organization behind the event, remains largely unknown. It's currently only producing online content via its new website, where it's published five articles. But the California Patriot produced hard copy magazines.
UC Berkeley students face financial aid delays, asked to take loans. ASUC President Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris received an email from the UC Berkeley financial aid office Wednesday suggesting that she apply for an emergency loan because her financial aid had not yet been disbursed.
Econ 1 vs Econ 2.. Im hoping to major in econ
Places to get quarter rolls on Northside?
Dead body found in upper fire trails Saturday morning
Trouble in CS70
How to find someone to teach me piano at Berkeley?
A message to UC Berkeley from MILO and the Berkeley Patriots
What's the best thing $1 can buy today?
Best Libraries to Study At
How can we resist Antifa, BAMN, and the like?
Anyone know if the data science major will have a GPA cap?
Don't know where to find help in making a website!
Financial Aid Decrease
񬐼olice 🅱rutality
Remove money from Cal1Card
Calhat should be banned
Best Haircut Place
Anyone here transfer as a junior?
LOST cal ID in RSf, what do i do??
Do post-grad programs take into account the insane Berkeley Engineering grade deflation?
Five places Sunday had custom vending machines dispensing a free serving of Skittles, which sponsors Marshawn Lynch, from 9am to 1 pm. The freebies were at Beast Mode Store, The Raider Image, Hank &amp; Frank Bicycles and Telegraph Avenue's Shoe Palace in Oakland, as well as UC Berkeley student union.
Paul Martin Martin: An agoraphobic's guide to Berkeley. "At this moment in time, I was homeless. Housing couldn't find a designated space for me and I couldn't afford an alternative. Much like my former self, I was living inside a town where its concept of itself clashed with the markets of reality"
Of the 132 faculty members who signed a letter advocating a boycott of classes and campus activities during the upcoming "Free Speech Week", only five professors are from STEM departments. Kristie Boering said her class, Chem 1A, will continue as planned. "I have a job to do," Boering said.
Berkeley Law alum Margaret Wilkerson Sexton has, within a month of publishing her first novel, been nominated for the National Book Award for Fiction. Her book, A Kind of Freedom (Counterpoint Press), tells the story of an African American family in New Orleans over a span of three generations.
Democratic Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom is still the favorite for governor in next June’s top-two primary, according to the latest Berkeley IGS Poll. But it's the third consecutive survey to show that one in three of voters polled are unable to name a preferred successor to Gov. Jerry Brown.
California State Assembly's approval of Senate Bill 687 by State Senator Nancy Skinner, D-Berkeley, may prevent closure of Alta Bates Medical Center, Berkeley's only emergency room. It requires nonprofit hospitals to receive the state attorney general's approval before closing emergency departments.
California State Legislature passed a package of bills to address the statewide housing crisis. Councilmember Ben Bartlett: The largest factor preventing full implementation of Berkeley's "progressive" pending housing policies is a lack of funding. He supports SB 3's passage on the 2018 ballot
Calhat?
Anyone know if the data science major will be GPA capped?
UC Berkeley officials say organizers of far-right festival have failed to complete reservations for two indoor venues
How Screwed Am I?
Another Berkeley hills deer sighting
Scholarships for UC Berkeley Master of Information and Data Science program?
Does berkeley take international students as transfers?
Spin to win! w/ college email
Cal is undefeated since Milo Yiannopolous was forced to cancel his speech
BPD lies about women at the center of Ben Shapiro attack. Victim Celeste Paradise gives direct account of what happened.
How to check that you've fulfilled college requirements?
What happened to Sex on Tuesdays articles?
UCPD is looking into a daytime rape reported to have occurred inside Zellerbach Hall. A woman told police a man raped her at noon Aug. 30 and forced her to perform oral sex. She was sodomized and held against her will. The case was reported to UCPD Tuesday. The man was identified as a Cal employee.
Loren Chase, a Berkeley firefighter, spent years trying to find his biological father sperm donor, but to no avail. The only information he had was he was a blonde and blue-eyed Cal grad student. The Berkeley clinic where they were conceived, Beernink &amp; Beernink, closed in 1980s. Four half-siblings.
Daily Cal Sports editor Andrew Wild: "After sending out acceptance emails to freshmen hoping to join the sports department, I took way too much glee in following up by telling them they received the wrong message and leaving them hanging for a few minutes. Sorry Leo. … what I'm saying is, I'm sorry"
Loren Chase, a Berkeley firefighter spent years trying to find his biological father sperm donor, but to no avail. The only information he had was he was a blonde and blue-eyed Cal grad student. The Berkeley clinic where they were conceived, Beernink &amp; Beernink, closed in 1980s. Four half-siblings.
Hundreds of friends and family members came together Saturday at a Berkeley skate park to remember Terrence McCrary Jr., who was fatally shot in Oakland one year ago in August. He was a fixture for many years at the skate park, which bears memorial plaques in his name. He would have been 24 Friday.
For Cal starting quarterback Ross Bowers, faith guides him through his everyday life. Playing for Bothell High School in 2014 at Washington Division 4A State Championship he jumped from two yards out of the endzone and front-flipped over two defenders into the endzone putting his team up by 3 scores
Michael Cohen: "For me as a professor to ask students to walk across Sproul Plaza, it is unethical. I'm (asking) my students to choose between their physical and mental safety for a grade." 130 Cal faculty members signed a letter calling for canceling all classes for duration of "Free Speech Week."
Campus conservative student publication the Berkeley Patriot has failed to provide sufficient payments for the use of Zellerbach and Wheeler halls to host "Free Speech Week" at UC Berkeley. The Berkeley Patriot missed three separate deadlines to confirm the two venues.
UCPD is looking into a daytime rape reported to have occurred inside Zellerbach Hall. A woman told police a man raped her at noon Aug. 30 and forced her to perform oral sex and was sodomized and held against her will. The case was reported to UCPD Tuesday. The man was identified as a Cal employee.
BEARS WIN: 27-16 OVER OLE MISS
YOUR CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE OLE MISS REBELS, 16 - 27
Help me identify Muslim chick - RSF
'The University Has Coddled Students Too Long.' Conservative Firebrand Roils Berkeley
Sometimes I wonder why I stayed here after graduation...
What happened to Chris Tril on the meme page?
Middle-aged man freaks out over MILO poster at UC Berkeley, is apparently "defending himself"
Seats at Cal football games
Where/when are tailgates?
What to do on Game Day as an opposing team fan
How is math 53? The last math I took is 16B
Harvard versus whorehouse: which has more moral authority?
English Tutor Needed!!!
Oct. 13–22 Cal's Department of Theater, Dance, and Performance Studies (TDPS) will perform Mary Zimmerman's Metamorphoses, rendering of Ovid's mythical tales. The set features a custom-built pool with over 4,000 gallons of water, as well as innovative rain features and an elaborate cloud structure.
Fall brings a brimming arts cornucopia to campus. Three poets: Layli Long Soldier, alum Solmaz Sharif, and Rita Dove. Book Chats: Jeffrey Knapp, Julia Bryan-Wilson, and Arlie Hochschild. Matt Groening, of The Simpsons fame, and Lynda Barry meet on the Zellerbach stage for conversation, Q&amp;A Oct. 7.
Berkeley High students formed their own kind of border wall Friday morning, only unlike Trump's theirs was designed to send a message of protection and support for undocumented classmates. Hundreds of students linked arms and encircled the entire campus demonstrating solidarity with DACA recipients.
Serina Rodriguez on UCPD's Sean Aranas taking cash from hot dog vendor Beto Matias: "White children selling lemonade or cookies on the street don't get ticketed or have their earnings confiscated. People of color don't get a warning — instead, they become the example. The fear in the vendor's eyes…"
Seven Berkeley firefighters are assisting with rescue and cleanup efforts post-Hurricane Irma. Six of them were on the ground after Harvey in back-to-back disaster responses. "The team trains throughout the year and the opportunity to put those skills to use only comes up once or twice a decade."
Susan Ervin-Tripp, 90, Cal professor emeritus and advisor for Nobel Prize winner Daniel Kahneman: Campus Republicans seek media attention not constructive debate. They know these inflammatory speakers bring people who create violence rather than rational political debate appropriate to a university.
Susan Ervin-Tripp, a UC Berkeley professor emeritus: Campus Republicans seek media attention, not constructive debate. "They know that these inflammatory speakers bring out people who create violence rather than rational political debate appropriate to a university."
Although Milo Yiannopoulos released a full list of speakers Thursday scheduled to attend "Free Speech Week" at Cal, both Cal and Berkeley Patriot revealed not all the speakers have been confirmed. Charles Murray, a libertarian conservative political scientist, said he has "never heard of this event"
Who drew the dicks? I don't have a clue what's going on with these.
A female was sexually assaulted within Zellerbach Hall on August 30, 2017. UCPD crime logs show the victim filed a report for rape Tuesday. The victim has no affiliation to the campus and was assaulted by an acquaintance. The suspect was identified, and the case is currently under investigation.
Have any of you tried Tang center therapy/counseling? Did you find it useful?
Spring transfer help
Free Speech and Mass Hysteria - is speech the antidote to political extremism?
Uc berkeley's downfall
Got some pretty good shots of the Shapiro protest yesterday! 📸
Fulfilling R&amp;C Requirement through online CC?
UC Berkeley Faculty Members Call For Boycott Of ‘Free Speech Week’
Ben Shapiro's Berkeley speech wasn't met with the violence he expected
Worldbeaters
No [Megathread] for this month's drama. Please report all comments you believe may be breaking the rules.
Professor Satish Rao: "In light of the rise of UCLA to the No. 1 public university club, it is worth noting that UCLA’s administration appears to consume a significantly smaller slice of their pie. If UC Berkeley were as efficient as UCLA, we could easily add 100 faculty to campus today."
Harvard versus whorehouse: which has more moral authority?
Berkeley Police release mugshots of Ben Shapiro protesters
5 Things I Learned At Berkeley Last Night
How is data/info/stat c8 (workload, difficulty, etc.)
Thoughts on taking Econ 101A without Math 1B or 53.
Ben Shapiro Event Costs Estimated $600,000
Modern DNA technology allowed police investigating an unsolved 1990 rape-murder in Berkeley's Tilden Park to generate composite images of what a prime person of interest looked like then and now. Nov. 15, 1990, Maria Jane Weidhofer, 32, was raped and strangled along the Nimitz Trail in Tilden Park.
Jonathan Chow, a Cal Republican student majoring in early modern intellectual history, wrote a Fox News op-ed. "Lessons from life-threatening moments as a conservative on a liberal campus". A stranger called me a "'fascist, white supremist asshole'. I am Chinese and Cuban if anyone was wondering."
Michelle Jones was released last month after 20 years in prison for murdering her 4-year-old son. The next day she arrived at New York University, a Ph.D. student in American studies. Harvard's top brass had overturned her admission. Cal, University of Michigan, and University of Kansas courted her.
History of the Berkeley Pier, one of the longest piers in California. Ferry service began at the pier in 1929. The three boats were named Golden Bear, Golden Poppy and Golden Shore. Now the future of the pier is looking uncertain. In July of 2015, Berkeley officials closed the entire pier.
Jonathan Chow, a Cal Republican student majoring in early modern intellectual history, wrote a Fox News op-ed. "Lessons from life-threatening moments as a conservative on a liberal campus". A stranger called me a "fascist, white supremist asshole. I am Chinese and Cuban if anyone was wondering."
Milo Yiannopoulos confirmed Thursday a full list of speakers to appear at UC Berkeley during "Free Speech Week" from Sept. 24-27. Yiannopoulos is scheduled to appear every single day. Other prominent speakers include Ann Coulter; right-wing InfoWars radio show host Mike Cernovich; and Steve Bannon.
Number of undocumented students seeking USP mental health support increased 350% since DACA repeal. Salma Mayorquin: "At any point, the information that I give over in my (DACA) application, can be used by ICE to come after my family. And that keeps me stressed out because I'm not there with them."
UC Berkeley Public Affairs: Shapiro event goes off with barely a hitch. Inside Zellerbach Hall on Thursday night, conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro delivered his speech to an an engaged and respectful audience of 600 to 700 people. No hecklers disrupted the hour-and-half-long event.
Why is Berkley so Anti-Semitic?
BUILD THAT WALL: Berkeley Puts Up Concrete Barriers All Over Town To Stop Antifa At Shapiro Speech
the masked snooze on Twitter: "The @berkeleypolice are tweeting mugshots of arrestees, helping fascists dox protestors, and @dailycal is signal boosting. Disgusting."
What does it mean to be a supportive SO in the context a partner making bad academic decisions?
I can't connect to Airbears pls help
Lol Ben Shapiro is shitting on Antifa
Telegraph Protest Livestream
reposted meme
How to ask for a letter of rec if not living in Berkeley?
Is there an anime con today?
VERY long line of police in riot gear getting into position before Ben Shapiro takes the stage
Unbelievable live footage of Antifa descending on Berkeley in anticipation of Ben Shapiro's speech
Radical idea
Megathread?
How to train a racist "Where do white supremacists come from? They come from our public education system. We spend 12+ years learning about how we owe every modern invention, from the ranked-choice voting system to the panini press, to white people."
UC Berkeley must commit to zero tolerance for hate. "We must not allow individuals that pervert and appropriate the concept of free speech as a tool of legitimizing discrimination to use our campus for media attention at the expense of student health and safety."
Cal Athletics under federal monitoring for Title IX violations
I just wanted to wish Berkeley good luck, we're all counting on you
BART skipping Downtown Berkeley station (9/14/17 @ 10am)
Stay Safe Out There
Berkeley Students Disrupt Club Meeting, Dispute Heather Heyer's Death
How to Study for Nutri-Sci 10
Chem 3AL prelabs/lab assignments
Amy Herr is working to cure cancer. Scott Shenker is upending the rules of computer networking. Mike Cohen is redefining civic discourse. All three are powerhouses at UC Berkeley and are winners of the Berkeley Chamber of Commerce's Visionary of the Year award. Carol Christ was the keynote speaker.
Amy Herr is working to cure cancer. Scott Shenker is upending the rules of computer networking. Mike Cohen is redefining civic discourse. All three are powerhouses at UC Berkeley nand are winners of the Berkeley Chamber of Commerce's Visionary of the Year award. Carol Christ was the keynote speaker.
Winnie Yu, 47, co-founder of Teance Fine Teas in Berkeley, and a woman whose influence on American tea culture was quiet but pervasive, died in Berkeley on September 11 after a year-long illness. She came to Berkeley to attend college, then completed a Haas MBA and worked as a financial advisor.
Cal alum Taruc Canlas founded a nonprofit legal aid clinic in Berkeley for domestic violence survivors: the Alipato Project. She holds domestic abusers accountable. A Silicon Valley real estate tycoon Clyde Berg nearly put her Berkeley nonprofit out of business. Her client was Ellena Bondesson.
A group of 20 people celebrated the sixth anniversary of a "Tax the Rich" protest on Monday, and they believe it is the longest-running domestic protest in Berkeley history. The group gathered outside Oaks Theatre on Solano Avenue at 5 p.m., like they have been doing every week since Sept. 12, 2011.
Berkeley resident Gypsy Taub, a naked activist, unleashed a 5-minute tirade in a mostly empty City Council chamber after officials tabled a proposal to allow women to bare their breasts in public for a national campaign to free the nipple. A high school intern, Simone Stevens, wrote the agenda item.
UC Berkeley students, including ASUC and Berkeley Student Cooperative members, attended the City Council meeting Tuesday to oppose an increase in the city's Indoor Entertainment Inspection Fee for parties of 50 people or more from $93.50 to $196 per event. City Council rejected the fee adjustment.
John Marion Letiche, 98, Cal professor emeritus of economics, died in Berkeley. Born in Uman, Russia, in 1918. After fleeing the Soviet Union, he spent his young adulthood in Montreal during Great Depression. He served as a Rockefeller Fellow on the Council of Foreign Relations during World War II.
Know Music/Jazz/Guitar DeCal Clubs?
Schedule Question
In a letter addressed to the UC Berkeley campus and the Berkeley community, 76 campus faculty members from various departments have called for a complete boycott of classes and campus activities during “Free Speech Week”
8 Reasons Why UC Berkeley is the Best
Get Exclusive Custom Jersey w/ college email
L&amp;S Transfer
Berkeley Police Get Permission To Use Pepper Spray On Violent Protesters
Berkeley scholars talk free speech at faculty forum (video)
Spin to win! Get Exclusive Custom Jersey w/ college email
UC Berkeley Professor Cancels Class After Students Complain About 'Militarized Campus' For Shapiro Speech
Is anyone interested in buying two Father John Misty tickets to his show at the Greek Theater on October 7th? Face value, save on Ticketmaster fees
UC Berkeley says 'Free Speech Week' events with Yiannopoulos, Bannon in doubt
Stat 88 Textbook solutions
New junior with a couple unrelated questions
Should I drop Math 10A?
Anyone have more information on the data science major?
UC​ ​Berkeley​ ​must​ ​confront​ its controversial history by changing building names - "How can we speak of our commitment to larger goals, of divesting from prisons, of hiring more Black and brown faculty members, if we cannot even change building names that represent a history of oppression?"
Non-student (Yvette Felarca) files restraining order on student (Troy Worden)
Have any students been arrested in the protests?
Best place to buy medical edibles?
Berkeley City Council OKs Police Use of Pepper Spray on Violent Protestors
How good is ChemE program?
English teaching professor Vikram Chandra is featured in a story about classes being taught this fall by famous authors. Professor Chandra wrote Sacred Games and Geek Sublime, among other works of fiction. This term he's teaching The Short Story.
Anthropologists at Cal and other scholars are drawing attention to rescheduling issues. Cal's library encouraged the rescheduling of a long-planned lecture by Anna Tsing, a professor of anthropology at UC Santa Cruz, because it coincides with a planned appearance the same day by Milo Yiannopoulos.
Berkeley Connect, a Cal academic mentoring program, could be defunded and eliminated because of budget restrictions. Starting next year because of the campus's current budget crisis, donated funds will no longer be available for it. Berkeley Connect requires $1 million in funding to be sustained.
Recent fluxes in Berkeley's temperatures made Evans Hall, which houses Cal's economics, mathematics and statistics departments, unbearable for some inhabitants. This month's heat spell in Berkeley topped out at 102 degrees. While some of Evans' rooms have windows or ventilation, others do not.
Rahul Gandhi, vice president of the Indian National Congress party, spoke on campus Monday and was met with hours of protests from the Sikh community. Gandhi is a controversial figure in India because of his relation to former Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, his grandmother.
The University of California will receive $1 million in additional funding from the state to support its DREAM Loan Program. The DREAM Loan Program helps many undocumented UC students protected under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, to finance their college education.
Lotfi Zadeh — professor emeritus and father of fuzzy logic — died at the age of 96. In 1959, he joined Cal's electrical engineering department and was named department chair in 1963. During his five-year tenure, the name of the department was changed to electrical engineering and computer sciences.
who else is legitimately worried that our school is rapidly turning into shit?
Can anyone help me with PS3 homework?
Campus statement on announced plans for visits by Yiannopoulos, Bannon and '20 other speakers'
How exactly does a simultaneous degree work? If you are in l&amp;s, is it hard to do a simultaneous degree in college of engineering?
Over $60K Raised for Vendor After Viral Video Shows Police Seizing His Money
WiFi from GNU/linux?
Hey Cal Fans! Moderator of the Cal Band page here to tell you guys about r/calband! If you guys want to receive updates and posts from Cal Band be sure to subscribe! Below is a link to the first of many posts this marching season!
Steve Bannon to speak at 'Free Speech Week' event at UC Berkeley
Physics 5A Study Strategy
Moffitt's fancy 4th floor bathroom flushed on me 14 times in 13 minutes
Another unlicensed street vendor is hassled in Berkeley
Chicago Bears lose to a college football team. #GoBears belongs to Cal
UCPD Targets Local Lemonade Stands
Berkeley in the Oxford American Dictionary
Any UD Economics courses that can be taken outside of UC Berkeley?
Beto Matias, the hot dog vendor in the viral video: "I was in a state of shock when I saw he was taking my money." UCPD officer Sean Aranas was acting on a supervisor's orders to issue a citation. Unclear if order included seizing cash. Aranas: Cash was taken only as evidence in support of citation.
Andrew Wild, the Daily Cal sports editor: Please laugh. "After sending out acceptance emails to freshmen hoping to join the sports department, I took way too much glee in following up by telling them they received the wrong message and leaving them hanging for a few minutes. Sorry Leo."
Dani Sundell: "Those who have lucid dreams often use their fingers as a reality checking tool. Since reading this tip, I often look down at my fingers during dreams and see I have 6 on each hand instead of 5. This tangible aspect of my dreams has allowed me to wake up before things get too creepy."
Paul Alivisatos, Cal's new provost (#2 to chancellor). Alivisatos said his own experience shows how UC Berkeley can keep faculty from being poached. Many universities have tried to woo him away. Harvard's Charles Lieber: He turned down their offer many years ago. "He bleeds Berkeley, is that it?"
Maya Eliahou: "I turned my hobby into my career and my career into my hobby and I'm stoked about it. Instead of an ethnobotanist who reads the news and likes local politics, I'm going to be a political journalist who backpacks and spends her free time geeking out over native plants."
The first "real" jobs of UC Berkeley's esteemed faculty. Alex Filippenko: gift shop salesperson. Darren Zook: bagging groceries in Texas. Laura Stoker: McDonalds. Joshua Hug: intern at at Lockheed Martin. Martha Olney: babysitter. Paul Hilfinger: Summer job with Chevrolet Engineering Division of GM.
The hot dog vendor in the Sean Aranas video was the only one who received an illegal vending ticket Saturday, though UCPD said three other people in the area got warnings. Only one other citation was issued all day, according to online UCPD records, and it was for a vehicle code violation in Albany.
Accounting Prof. Alan Robert Cerf, 93, who taught more than 13,000 students over 62 years at Haas, died. Cerf was still teaching a taxation class to 60 Haas undergrads last year. In 1944, he graduated from Cal, earning his degree when Haas was the College of Commerce and the dean was E.T. Grether.
UCLA ties UC Berkeley for best U.S. public university according to US News &amp; World Report 😠😖
UCLA ties UC Berkeley for best U.S. public university according to U.S. News &amp; World Report 😠😖
Freaky weather in Berkeley rn
Berkeley braces for right-wing talk show host Ben Shapiro's visit
Which major would be more career-oriented?
Normal Freshman Year Experience?
Greetings Comrades!
Good 1-2 unit classes that are still open?
Jeff Mahler and Ken Goldberg have studied ways to help robots figure out tasks on their own at the University of California, Berkeley. The Berkeley robot was all the more remarkable because it could grab stuff it had never seen before by just seeing hundreds of purely digital objects.
Jeff Mahler, left, and Ken Goldberg have studied ways to help robots figure out tasks on their own at the University of California, Berkeley. The Berkeley robot was all the more remarkable because it could grab stuff it had never seen before by just seeing hundreds of purely digital objects.
Protests in Berkeley this year have cost East Bay police departments over $1.5 million. Lt. Paul Liskey, emergency manager for the Sheriff's Office: While "we'll never say no" because "lives are on the line" there are few incentives for cities to send their police officers to help Berkeley.
Donations from China and Hong Kong represent almost 25% of donations made to Cal from Asia from fiscal year 2013 to fiscal year 2017. Over the past eight years, contributions to campus from China have increased by a factor of 77, from $53,000 in 2009 to over $4 million in 2017.
After landing Monday night at the Oakland Airport to applause, members of the Berkeley Fire Department who were deployed in Texas to deal with aftermath of Hurricane Harvey were awarded only a short break before being swooped into another mission to deal with aftermath of Hurricane Irma in Florida.
ASUC President Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris will ask the ASUC Senate to pass a bill supporting the removal of UCPD Officer Sean Aranas, the officer who took money out of hot dog street vendor Juan's wallet. Cal student Vicky Zamarripa's petition to remove Aranas has over 5,000 signatures.
Cal alum Martin Flores posted the viral hot dog vendor video online 5:40pm Saturday. Flores questions UCPD Officer Sean Aranas about why he has to take Juan's money. Flores had been buying hot dogs when police interrupted the transaction. Flores and Juan will be interviewed by Telemundo 48.
Confused About TeaOne Cups
Calling e-board riders - group ride
Return of the cheering Chancellor
How can I find the publication date of a Zoning Approval Board notice?
UC Berkeley Police using "civil forfeiture" to steal a hot dog vendor's money
Another Ben Shapiro Ticket Post
Are there any Pokémon Go players in South Berkeley? I need people to raid with!
UCBerkeley Police Officer Steals Money From Vendors Wallet For No Permit
major
I made a campus diagram for my sister
Does anyone know where I can watch the Raider game in Berkeley?
Today is the Solano Stroll! Food, handcrafted goods, live music, and a parade on Solano Ave from 10am - 5pm 9/10!
Ericka Shin: In a day and age that seems to hold the STEM fields in ever-growing esteem while valuing the humanities less, the walls and halls of Wheeler Hall stand out, having been part of key moments in Cal's history. It serves as a physical reminder of why I do what I do as an English major.
Jeff Hoffman: "None of this is to say I support Antifa's violence at demonstrations, because that is often counterproductive. However, groups like white supremacists, Nazis and the KKK have a clear history of violence, and sometimes defensive violence is the only effective way to deal with them."
Gurpatwant Pannun of Sikhs for Justice: Campus should not allow Rahul Gandhi, the vice president of the Indian National Congress Party, to speak September 11, 2017. Gandhi has, in the past, noted that some members of the party may have been involved in what are now known as the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
UC Berkeley's annual memorial ceremony honoring community members who have died in the past year will take place Monday, Sept. 18, 2017. Under open skies from noon to 1pm the memorial will fill the grassy area around the flagpole west of California Hall. Names of people being remembered are listed
A lawsuit filed by the San Francisco Bay Area Renters' Federation, or SFBARF, against Berkeley City Council has been settled in a five-to-one vote, allowing for three housing units to be built in West Berkeley. Berkeley will cover up to $44,000 in BARF's attorney fees.
2008 Cal alum and strength and conditioning coach Cheryl Cox on being invited to an uncomfortable conversation with coaches and football players: "It was one of the coolest things I have heard. There wasn't even an issue I was new to the program, a female with the program. … I was part of the team.”
On Thursday afternoon, an airplane touched down at a private airport in Hayward carrying a special cargo: 92 dogs and 60 cats being airlifted out of Florida and the path of Hurricane Irma. Berkeley Humane was one of three local animal-rescue organizations waiting on the tarmac to welcome the animals
L&amp;S Advising
How do CS170 exams and psets compare in difficulty?
Berkeley Co-Op Waitlist!
Need to drop a box in the mail, are there any post boxes in Berkeley?
Where do most engineering classes take place?
BEARS WIN: 33-20 over Weber State
Game Day Thread: Cal vs Weber State
SF’s Flying Falafel Brings “Benihana-Style” Food Tossing To Downtown Berkeley
Residential Parking Permit Game Day
Valerie Hsieh: This isn't mandatory. "This golden seven-day orientation period is a one-time occurrence, one in which even the most mundane of Berkeley experiences—eating terrible food at Crossroads, hiking to the Big C, sitting on Memorial Glade—are introduced as novel, and even exciting, events."
Troy Worden: "By now you've probably seen a meme or two mocking the phrase, 'The Free Speech Movement is dead.' As the president of the Berkeley College Republicans, let me own up to having written those words. I penned that phrase with adrenaline pulsing through my veins."
Berkeley has begun offering select students dual engineering and business degrees in four years. "It's pretty revolutionary for Berkeley," says Marjorie DeGraca, director of the new Management, Entrepreneurship and Technology (MET) program. In its first year, 2,500 students applied for 40 spots.
Berkeley put an end to a long-drawn-out bid to create housing in the city that began with an application to build three homes on a lot in southwest Berkeley, and went on to trigger lawsuits and appeals. The move follows a judge's ruling the city of Berkeley had to allow the construction of the units
CalSERVE removed senators Harshil Bansal and Carmel Gutherz from its party Friday. Bansal was removed because his ideologies conflicted with the party's ("failed to oppose hate speech on campus and support economic equity"), and Gutherz was removed because of inadequate "actions and behaviors."
CalSERVE, the UC Berkeley political party represented as a progressive coalition, removed senators Harshil Bansal and Carmel Gutherz from its party Friday. Bansal was removed because his ideologies conflicted with the party's, and Gutherz was removed because of inadequate "actions and behaviors."
Berkeley police are asking city officials to overturn a 1997 rule against the use of pepper spray during demonstrations in the face of increasingly coordinated, masked crowds that have sometimes sought confrontation with officers. The Berkeley City Council has called for a special meeting Tuesday.
UC Berkeley faculty members debated issues of hate speech and white supremacy Friday at a panel on free speech hosted by Chancellor Carol Christ. john powell, director of the Haas Institute for a Fair and Inclusive Society: the Supreme Court was wrong in its public school free speech decision.
So are you clowns going to riot when the Ole Miss Rebels come to Berkeley next week?
uc vistor program
uc visitor program from uc davis
Notable Cal EECS alumni who also were Golden Bear athletes?
SAE Re-Affiliates Despite Changing Literally No Behavior
Is UC Berkeley still offering the student pass football tickets?
UC sues the Trump administration for rescinding DACA protections for immigrant students
Ben Shapiro Tickets
UC Berkeley Offers 'Support And Counseling' For Students Offended By Shapiro's Speech
Why did a Starbucks employee help cover up a violent left-wing protest after police neglected to arrest any of the protesters?
Anyone have experience transferring from Berkeley?
Will there be a big riot for Ben Shapiro's lecture as there was for Milo's, considering he's not a Trump supporter or even alt-right?
Jessíca Jiménez: It's impossible to count my fellow Latinx folks who are only about making money, denying their heritage, marrying into whiteness and ignoring less "respectable" family and friends. You grew up in a hood you hate and now you're pro-gentrification because it's "cleaning up" your city.
Tiny houses beginning to make an impact in East Bay. Another player has entered the burgeoning accessory dwelling unit market. Berkeley-based Avava makes prefab backyard homes that range in size from just 270 to 750 square feet.
ASUC Senate fails to pass resolution denouncing UC Berkeley subsidization of Ben Shapiro event. It was voted down 5–15. BAMN's Yvette Felarca: "I hope the resolution gets voted on unanimously. Sanctuary means protecting immigrants. … I think this resolution should take stronger language."
Cal's security measures for conservative speaker Ben Shapiro's event Sept. 14 event, including a police perimeter spanning six buildings (Zellerbach, Cesar Chavez, Alumni House, MLK, Sproul, and Eshleman). At 5:30pm, only those with a ticket for Shapiro's event will be allowed through the perimeter.
UC Berkeley alum Assaf Pashut officially opened the doors to The Flying Falafel in Downtown Berkeley on Saturday. Pashut's first exposure to the falafel-making business occurred when he was a student at UC Berkeley, where he would set up "Falafel Friday" booths on Sproul Plaza for club fundraisers.
On Thursday, Berkeley Humane Society partnered with the Tony La Russa's Animal Rescue Foundation, or ARF, and the East Bay SPCA to transport 60 dogs and 92 cats away from the Humane Society of Broward County in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to escape Hurricane Irma.
Rotten Tomatoes was founded in 1998 by Cal students who wanted reviews for kung fu movies in one place. The name harkens back to medieval Europe, where people would lob spoiled food at petty criminals in the stocks. Hollywood blamed Rotten Tomatoes for terrible movie theater attendance this summer.
Look up, bears
take the PLEDGE today
What is it like to be Black at Berkeley?
any fountains with cold water on campus?
Local shop specializing in Chevy/GM vehicles?
What would happen if I don't pay off my parking ticket?
Where can I use my cal card?
Omitting Transcripts During Application Process
What should I be focusing on as a junior?
Anyone else play Guild Wars 2? My Golden Bears-inspired character!
Chinese Americans are playing a dramatically more significant role in American philanthropy, especially favoring higher education, according to a new study. Among the report's findings, Chinese Americans gave more than $50 million in major gifts to UC Berkeley, UCSF, UCLA and UC Irvine in 2017.
EECS emeritus professor David Patterson: "Computer science is becoming an extraordinarily popular major. Berkeley is a diverse campus, and what's happening with popularity is that the field is getting more diverse. All of us in the field who have been here a long time think that's just wonderful."
150 gathered at UC Berkeley Tuesday for an "emergency rally" against Trump's decision to end DACA, the program shielding some who immigrated to the United States as children from deportation. It was organized by By Any Means Necessary — and facilitated by its controversial organizer Yvette Felarca.
Amber Cummings is holding another rally, "Step on Marxism in America, No to Antifa Violence", during Milo's Free Speech Week. "I think a trans woman having a separate event and and a gay male shows that its a myth that everyone in the LGBT is leftist and we are accepted among the conservatives."
Residents of North Berkeley have noticed large amounts of rats in their neighborhood starting six months ago, leading to intervention from the city of Berkeley's health services department. Christine Simon said her family had to evacuate for three weeks because they were getting bitten by rat mites.
On Aug. 30, less than a year after joining the Berkeley City Council, Councilmember Ben Bartlett formally announced his California 15th State Assembly District campaign for the 2018 election in the hopes of addressing affordable housing at a statewide level.
Berkeley residents who provide rentals of less than 14 consecutive days will now have to register with the city by October 31. The ordinance requires that starting Friday, short-term rental hosts pay a 12% transient occupancy tax, along with a 2% enforcement fee and a $225.50 annual application fee.
Advice for someone who gets 'weeded out' through intro tech courses?
How to enter a CCN in calcentral? Please help!
am I the only one who's already feeling drained and stressed af
Am considering P/NPing 162
Meet one-on-one with Chancellor Christ! Office hours appointments now open
Business Frats
Looking for pdf of Math 54?
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Trump threatened thousands of undocumented students by rescinding DACA. Cal must fight back. There shouldn't be any question of an immigrant's right to go to school or make a home here, but the political reality continues to undermine students' legal statuses and lives.
BearWALK CSO
The latest Pitchbook ranking of undergrad colleges producing the most tech entrepreneurs who raised venture capital between 2006 and August 15, 2017, puts Berkeley in second place, following Stanford, but ahead of MIT and Harvard. Cal: 1,089 entrepreneurs producing 961 companies, and raising $17.1B.
Igor Tregub and Marian Wolfe: "Berkeley's location and amenities attract millennials who have landed high-paying jobs in the greater Bay Area and can afford to rent units in new housing, but students are often priced out of them. … [Cal] should address the lack of affordable housing near campus."
Last month, more than 100 Berkeley High School graduates moved just a couple blocks away from their old stomping grounds to begin their tenure at Berkeley City College (BCC). The program opened in the spring to any Berkeley High or Berkeley Technology Academy seniors possibly headed for BCC.
Need 2 units
A day in the life of three Berkeley real estate agents: Furiously working the keyboard of her iPhone while simultaneously explaining a complex transaction to a client, real estate agent Zanna Knight was in her element behind her desk at Coldwell Banker's brokerage in Berkeley's Gourmet Ghetto.
Berkeley Police Department officers have apprehended a suspect in connection with a report of an armed man near Sacramento and Ward streets. Longfellow Middle School was briefly placed on lockdown because of the proximity of the report to the school.
An ode to Berkeley's Greek Theatre notes that Rolling Stone ranks it among the best amphitheaters in the country. Opened in 1903 with a student performance, it has become a major concert venue. It's "acoustically perfect," according to Gregg Perloff, CEO of entertainment agency Another Planet.
BearWALK communication?
[FRI, 9/8 @ 2-4 pm] West Berkeley Shellmound Press Conference! Show your support to help protect over 5,000 years of history and culture in the Bay Area.
Student Section for football games?
Quiz Bowl Club at Berkeley?
Oxford, Cambridge Top World Rankings As U.S. Slips Again
Reimagining mobility: designing for the future
CS 10 vs Data Science 8 vs Codeacademy + Web Design Decal
UC Berkeley ranked No. 2 public university in the country by Times Higher Education World Rankings, UCLA ranked No. 1 😠😖
UC Berkeley ranked No. 2 Public university in the country by Times Higher Education World Rankings, UCLA ranked No. 1 😠😖
OF COURSE: UC Berkeley Now Wants Half Of 2,000 Seat Hall For Shapiro's Event Left Empty
Can I get TB tests at the Tang center if I don't have SHIP?
Gig codes that currently work
Are the consulting groups BS?
Has anyone had professor gervase for history 7b?
What are some of the most difficult undergrad classes?
Can homework be due on a holiday?
Eric S. May, 95, died 75 years ago today in Berkeley at his home at 2424 Roosevelt Ave. He was Berkeley's last known veteran of the Grand Army of the Republic in the Civil War. Union veterans in Berkeley were once "a thousand strong in membership" noted writer Hal Johnson.
UC Berkeley on Twitter with a photo of the Campanile: "Happy #LaborDay, everyone! 😎"
Cal has yet to release tickets for the Ben Shapiro event hosted by Berkeley College Republicans and Young America's Foundation and scheduled for Sept. 14. Daily Wire: Representatives for BCR and YAF tried to take up the matter with management of Cal Performances but were unable to set up a meeting.
Ismael Farooqui: "To be 21 in America is to have a coming-of-age during a political depression. It's like spending your childhood on the steps of a great courthouse. But when the time comes for you to join those on the inside, you look up to find the ceiling could collapse at any moment."
California could become the first state to support the U.S. Congress' efforts to censure President Donald Trump over his response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, after Assemblymember Tony Thurmond introduced a resolution in the State Assembly.
Campus freshman Victor Gonzalez was another student passing through Sproul Plaza Friday until he saw a rally supporting DACA in response to Trump’s impending decision on the program's future. Gonzalez observed the rally from afar for a few minutes then picked up a sign and joined the protesters.
Cal vs North Carolina Highlights: Bears start the Justin Wilcox era by toppling over the Tar Heels
Room for club infosession on short notice?
Mom...
Math 54 Solution manual/textbook
Anything open today (Labor Day)?
Ritika Singh describes her experience in an arranged marriage: "When you're told you have to look at this guy with the idea of getting married to him, you probably have a different mindset. You try to look for more positives than negatives… My mom used to tell me you can never find the perfect guy."
Molly Nolan on Telegraph Avenue: "How does Berkeley encourage the development of its business districts while preserving a place for art and culture? While bringing more corporate stores might attract students and benefit the city economically, it puts local crafters and small businesses at risk."
Berkeley will hold a town hall Sept. 30 to hear input on a new ordinance that could bring 100% paid family leave. Since 2002, California has offered an insurance program through which state pays new parents or people caring for a sick family member 55% of their wages or a maximum of $1,173 per week.
100 to 200 antifa at Civic Center Park ganged up on Trump fans. Violence is justified, a Bay Area antifa member said because far right is trying to create a fascist state. Mansour Id-Deen, the president of the Berkeley chapter of the NAACP, said antifa's actions in Berkeley were "counter-productive"
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Whether one condones Antifa's violent tactics is beside the point; it's not the main issue. Antifa is only a reaction to the real threat: 'Violent, ultra-right white-supremacist groups'." It is irresponsible and hypocritical for The Washington Post’s editorial board…
Mitchell Zimmerman: "'You can’t trust anyone over 30,' some of us used to say in the 1960s. Now that I’m over 70 — and still struggling for social justice — I see there are people under 30 you cannot trust: the 'Antifa' groups that have in effect become the secret little friends of Fox News."
Berkeley's heat wave has produced some stunning sunsets. Photos by Anita Medal, Chris Polydoroff, Steve Crawford, Doug Donaldson, Jef Poskanzer, and Daniel McPartlan.
Data Science Decals
You'll be surprised bitch
Downloading Webcasts
Ay we got a shout out from The Onion
Who wants to buy one
Can you make an appointment with the financial aid office?
You'll be surprised bitch
You'll be surprised bitch
Current mood
Based on the great feedback here, I drew a more convincing consulting representative.
Any classes still available that don't require a lot of attendance?
How do you enter Main Stacks on Sundays?
Are there any rules against Nerf guns on campus?
Is Touchdown Monday still a thing at the student store?
Best way to solve nested/higher order function problems (CS 61A)
Fun and social clubs and decals?
Out of the loop: What is this "you'd be surprised bitch" thing on UCBMFET?
Sunday morning volleyball at the rsf?
Bay Area heat wave: Berkeley Fire Department has been doing the same patrols, but Chief Dave Brannigan says for the first time, they're not just looking for fire. "Also we want to make sure roads are clear so cars are not parked illegally blocking our access," he says.
In what became among the most famous video incidents in Berkeley on Sunday at the August 27, 2017, rally, Trump supporter and video blogger Keith Campbell was briefly assaulted by members of the crowd until Reveal host Al Letson used his own body to cover Campbell.
Amber Cummings held a rally in Martin Luther King Jr. Park – and she was the only one there. This reporter (Frances Dinkelspiel) attempted to ask questions but was told she was being rude since Cummings was live streaming. Cummings called to a nearby police officer to say someone was stalking her.
Carol Christ kicked off Cal's Free Speech Year with an address at the Berkeley Forum. Carol Christ: "If a speaker has been invited in accordance with our policies, we cannot legally deny that person the opportunity to speak on the basis of his or her opinions, no matter how loathsome we find them."
A somber crowd gathered Friday at Cal's Campanile to honor and mourn Christopher Patti, Cal's top lawyer killed Sunday while on a bike ride. Carol Christ: "Chris was an extraordinary lawyer; he was a national expert on free speech, a subject of critical importance to the campus in the last year."
Breakthrough Listen, an initiative to find signs of intelligent life in the universe, has detected 15 brief but powerful radio pulses emanating from a mysterious and repeating source – FRB 121102 – far across the universe. Cal postdoctoral researcher Vishal Gajjar discovered the increased activity.
Berkeley's School of Information is introducing a new online cybersecurity master's degree program, with classes set to begin in 2018. Jesse Goldhammer, the school's associate dean for business development and strategic planning, discusses the types of careers cybersecurity experts can pursue.
Question about weed culture at Berkeley
Recommendations for local therapists?
Uc berkeley junior transfer feeling lost-in need of advice from other juniors/seniors/graduates
Thoughts on cultural clubs?
Couldn't have asked for a more apropos meme
/r/berkeley Fantasy Basketball and Football
Bear Territory reacs only, pls
What buildings do our Cal1Cards get us into?
New Freshman; just want some advice on homework study areas
CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA TAR HEELS 35-30
I dedicate today's victory over north carolina to antifa and safe spaces
Lil B - Berkeley
Female opening at Cloyne Court (co-op)
Game Day Thread: Cal @ UNC
How do Berkeley students download software anymore?? UC Berkeley Desktop and Software Self-Service question
Hey guys, where can I watch the game this morning?
Moving to Berkeley, CA
Where's AC on campus, and what coffee shops have it?
EECS emeritus professor David Patterson on statements made by Googler James Damore. "It's an ironic conjecture historically, since many early programmers were women … Egalitarianism should be the American way. It's about fairness, civility, and common sense. A real meritocracy demands nothing less."
Melany Dillon on pharma bro Martin Shkreli: "I don't think Shkreli's evil. I think it's just what media narratives happen to portray … Don't get me wrong; Shkreli is a bad person who did bad things and deserves to be punished for them. It's the amount of attention he's getting that's the problem."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Wheeler Hall should be accessible to all students. UC Berkeley has experience juggling numerous compliance laws, so why did it open Wheeler Hall without a working ADA-accessible elevator?" And still the handicapped stall in the girls bathroom does not have a working lock.
UC Berkeley looks back on dark history, abuse of Yahi man 106 years later. As Cal anthropologists continue to reconcile Cal's past treatment of Native peoples, prof Nancy Scheper-Hughes suggested creating a fund to build a place where indigenous groups can keep their sacred objects for themselves
Berkeley will consider an ordinance authored by Kriss Worthington to legalize the display of female breasts in all public places in an attempt to equalize gender nudity laws. City Council first adopted an anti-nudity ordinance in 1993 during a meeting attended by former Cal student "The Naked Guy."
Industrial Tattoo &amp; Piercing, at 2434 Dwight Way, was the victim of a vandalism Thursday 6:15pm, suffering from a shattered window, which featured a "Berkeley Stands United Against Hate" sign. Part-owner Lysa Taylor didn't "know for sure" if the sign motivated vandalism but it was her "best guess."
Record-breaking heat engulfs the Bay Area. On the streets, the temperature soared above 100 degrees. BART slowed down its trains because the rails got so hot. Trader Joe's on University Avenue had to shut temporarily, and throw out some of its food, after refrigerator units on the roof failed.
DeCal Title on Transcript
I drew our school's waifu
Where to buy fish sauce in Berkeley?
Hey r/berkeley, ASUC SUPERB is putting on a FREE screening of Wonder Woman tonight!
What the media got wrong about last weekend's protests in Berkeley -- [Written by Shane Bauer, whose videos of protest were the main documentation of events]
Looking for a DnD 5e group on campus
it's hot
AIR-CONDITIONED ACTIVITIES IN EAST BAY PLEASE
Does anyone have an opinion on EE16A vs EE16B? I can take either and I want to ask about the difficulty/grade curve/fun?
Waitlist questions specific to my class
Mayor Jesse Arreguín condemned hate before Aug. 27 rally. His criticism after the event has focused on the far left violence. At a press conference Monday, some local radical activists and faith leaders vehemently disagreed, saying the counterprotesters shielded the community from white supremacy.
The UC Berkeley campus will honor and remember the life of Chief Counsel Christopher Patti with a memorial service Friday, from 5 to 5:30 p.m. at the base of the Campanile. Chancellor Carol Christ will speak at the memorial, and Jeff Davis, the university carillonist, will play a musical tribute.
ASUC Senate discussed the issue of free speech at UC Berkeley in light of several upcoming on-campus events featuring right-wing speakers organized by Berkeley College Republicans. Criticism was voiced about the way Chancellor Carol Christ is handling controversies related to free speech on campus.
Berkeley is preparing for temperatures into the upper 90s over the next few days, and several heat warnings are in effect, the city announced. A red flag warning is in effect through 8pm Saturday, the National Weather Service announced, due to the possibility of rapidly-spreading vegetation fires.
Amid a growing housing affordability crisis across California, Berkeley topped SFGate's list of the most expensive college towns in the country. According to realtor.com, Berkeley holds a median home closing price of $1.1 million. Berkeley has a population of 30.5% students.
Of the top 20 highest-paid UC Berkeley employees in 2016, three were women. Head coach of Cal women's basketball Lindsay Gottlieb earned $617,900. Haas professor Ulrike Malmendier and Berkeley Law professor Sonia Katyal both earned about $450,000.
UCPD arrested Karla Vasquez, a UC Berkeley student, in connection to two burglaries that took place at Clark Kerr Campus on Tuesday. Emeryville Police Department conducted a traffic stop on a vehicle, and Vasquez was the driver. EPD discovered stolen property from one of the Clark Kerr burglaries.
Finally, Berkeley is getting a club swim team!
Who here goes to Cal and hates it? Why?
Club Competitiveness
Math 54 Tips/Difficulty
Acceptance Rates for These Majors
dance teams at Berkeley?
Where to watch the game on Saturday?
Still waitlisted? We made a website that helps students find substitute classes online.
Hey Scooters...
Theater 52AC with Summers or ESPM 50AC with Spreyer?
Berkeley PD to Hold DUI/License Checkpoint Friday at University and Bonar
Berkeley Antifa Upset at Local News' Negative Press Coverage.
Berkeley College Republicans Demand CNN, Berkeley Mayor, and Nancy Pelosi Disavow Antifa
Go Home Antifa, and Take Your White Privilege With You.
Go Home Antifa, and Take Your White Privilege With You. Category: Extra from The Berkeley Daily Planet
Men's lacrosse
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "UC Berkeley’s glacial effort to rename buildings that honor racists is inexcusable. This bureaucratic standstill is unacceptable." In 2015, a Black Student Union member told The Daily Cal that Barrows Hall is a "daily reminder Black students are not respected on campus."
Berkeley Forum: 12 speakers for fall 2017 (free to students): Carol Christ, Jessica Hische, John Chiang, Michael Stevens, David Kurs, Ellen Pao, Mythili Prakash, Hartmut Neven, Zio Ziegler, Marvin Olasky, Aida Giachello and Alexandra Petri. Debates: affirmative action, hate speech, electoral college
The Genome Revolution: Inside UC Berkeley's CRISPR labs. Some researchers said the pay could be better. A typical salary for a research associate here is about $40,000. But the hours and the pay haven't dampened morale — everyone from the undergraduates to the postdocs speaks about work with passion
Jonathan Robert Murray Ritter, 28, was arrested for vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence, hit-and-run causing death and misdemeanor driving without a license. UC Berkeley will hold a memorial service Friday for top attorney Christopher Patti at the base of the Campanile from 5 to 5:30 p.m.
Mid-career UC Berkeley graduates earn about $130,000, around $10,000 less than mid-career Stanford graduates. But with a total four-year cost of $136,000 to attend Cal compared to $247,000 for Stanford, the annual return on investment is slightly higher at Berkeley, according to PayScale.
Jules Patrice Means: "Never give up on your dreams and aspirations." A great-grandmother, she's not the average college junior. She's raised four grown men on her own and retired from an Ernst &amp; Young executive coordinator position. She had a stroke in 2010 and was told she couldn't walk unassisted.
Two Cal freshmen became best friends last year. "We hit it off right away, we're both pre-med, both Canadian, both Moroccan," says Nissma Bencheikh, 19, about Roaya Jannatipour, 18. They discovered their mothers had been best friends 16 years ago, when they were infants but had lost touch since.
New Golden Bear Orientation demands too much of volunteer student leaders for nearly no compensation
Police: Burglar struck while UC Berkeley students slept
Trying to make a difference with my clothing line check it out.
Interesting places to see at UC Berkeley
Should I be concerned about applying to UC Berkeley in light of all the violence and protesting?
How can I become engaged in material in which I have no interest?
Theta Tau
Should I be concerned about applying to UC Berkeley in light of all the violence and protesting?
Should I concerned about applying to UC Berkeley in light of all the violence and protesting?
Where are my fellow Cal stoners at?
Marketing Team Job Opening
Two African American males stalked by Antifa in Berkeley
Where can I practice piano in private?
A reporter never wanted to become the story. But a life was in danger.
Opinion: 'Klantifa' saves fascists from PR fiasco in Berkeley Sunday
i feel guilty about my berk acceptance, like I’m not deserving. I got in with a pretty low HS GPA. What do you think?
Nobel Laureate Parking Spots
Chancellor Carol Christ at the Berkeley Forum at 6pm, Thursday, August 31, 2017, at 112 Wurster Hall. Tickets are free and the event is open to the public. She will discuss the questions "What constitutes free speech? At what point does free speech infringe upon the notion of community, if at all?"
In a Twitter thread posted Monday, conservative speaker and writer Ben Shapiro called for everyone attending his September 14, 2017, event at Zellerbach Hall to remain nonviolent and demanded that the Berkeley Police Department "do their jobs" to stop any violence from breaking out.
Alum Trevor Paglen, a Berlin-based "artist who has devoted his career to empirical scrutiny of those things that will shape our future, from artificial intelligence to the annexation of space," is profiled. A key inspiration for Paglen came while he was working on his Ph.D. in geography at Berkeley.
Madeline Wells: "I'm pretty sure Lorde convinced me to break up with my boyfriend before I even knew I needed to." Bad dates: "from the guy who told me he enjoyed breakups to the militant vegan who turned cold when he learned I was only a pescetarian and ended the date early with a feeble side hug."
Manuel Rodriguez on "How I became a 'Nazi sympathizer' in Berkeley": "I am a Mexican-American who nationalized about eight years ago. … My experience at the Aug. 27 rally revealed to me that the political left suffers from the exact-same malady that afflicts the right. We won't listen."
Yesania Mendez, 23, hurled an apple at an officer and then used a "large German Shepherd" to evade capture. She has been charged with two misdemeanors in connection with demonstrations in Berkeley on Sunday. BPD officer: "She threw the apple so hard it exploded when it made contact with the ground."
According to a 2017-18 College Salary Report published by PayScale, UC Berkeley has the seventh-highest postgraduate salary potential among all four-year universities in California. Median salary for "early career pay" (0–5 years) was $65,400. "Mid-career pay" (10 or more years): $130,100.
Advice to Freshmen figuring out their preferential programming environments
Antifa stalk UC Berkeley students who were trying to exit rally
MSNBC Host Calls Out Left Wing ANTIFA Violence At Berkeley Protest
Can a TA (uGSI) date a student taking the course they are TA'ing for?
Preparing for CS 61A Midterm
Does anybody have any suggestions on high I might recruit more conservative students for a seminar I'm helping teach (or conversely, are any conservative-leaning students from reddit interested in this course)?
Boy, this sub has changed.
Violent Assault at Rally Against Hate
A Photo Recap of Sunday's Berkeley Rally
How is being in the Berkeley orchestra?
Mayor of Berkeley: The University Should Cancel Free Speech Week Because Leftists Might Riot
PICTURES: Meet The Wonderful Antifa Members Arrested In Berkeley
TooLow app just launched at UC Berkeley! Buy lowest prices for food.
Don't know where to find help in making a website!
Berkeley Mayor: Classify Antifa ‘As A Gang’
KTVU anchor: 'I experienced hate firsthand' at Berkeley rally
Will you be my friend? (Not a joke)
Berkeley sophomore Chanan Walia, a computer science major, is a voice of youth in an article about the doorbell's obsolescence. He and his friends just text when they've arrived, he says, noting that it's uncomfortable to ring, or hear, a doorbell. Another reason is to avoid encountering parents.
The University Library at UC Berkeley is directing a cross-campus effort to provide students with free and openly available course materials starting this fall. The pilot programs include providing free course packs and paying professors to switch to free digital versions of their books.
Carol Christ's latest email on the violence on Sunday doesn't even mention Antifa, let alone condemn them.
Gibson Chu: "Fast-forward to the lounging in the car…she asks me a question that throws me off guard: 'Do you like anyone?' This wasn't part of the plan. I was supposed to ask her out on the third day. I didn't know what to say. I stumbled and stammered and sputtered out, 'No. It's complicated.'"
Less than one week before Cal football opens its season against North Carolina, Cal head coach Justin Wilcox has named his starting quarterback. Redshirt sophomore Ross Bowers will be the signal caller after beating out redshirt junior Chase Forrest in a lengthy positional battle.
For UC Berkeley students hailing from Texas, Hurricane Harvey is inflicting a significant amount of damage on their hearts and homes. "I feel like I have survivor's guilt here in sunny California while my family's stuck over there" said Anoushka Giri, a freshman from Katy, a northwest Houston suburb
UC Berkeley finds itself revisiting concerns about the names of contentious buildings on campus. Buildings in question include Barrows, LeConte and Boalt halls. Vice Provost Tsu-Jae King Liu stated in an email Monday that the campus is not currently considering changing the name of Barrows Hall.
The data science program will likely be open to declare within this academic school year. David Culler, the interim dean of data sciences, plans to have a proposal submitted for approval this semester. It will first appear in the L&amp;S before it will be available to the COE and to other colleges.
Physics 8A/8B masterclass
RIP David Torrence- Cal Alum, US Track and Field Olympian and National Record Holder
Considering transferring to Berkeley in the Spring
UC Berkeley's chief counsel is killed in a hit-and-run accident in Sonoma County
KQED Forum- New UC Chancellor Carol Christ to Focus on Free Speech, Building Community and Cutting Deficit
Remember Bears, we respect all different kinds of Bears of all different races.
Don't know where to find help in making a website!
Humanities Class: Psych 110 or Sociol 166?
Anyone know somewhere to practice drum kit while at Cal?
We already have insurance companies walking away from Obamacare..... how long before an insurance company declines to underwrite property-damage risks for anyone in the Berkeley P.D. jurisdiction?
You Should All Be Ashamed
[57s video] Whether Antifa or anti-violence, the Bay showed up against hate today.
I'm a Sophomore, should I risk my chances on Data Science?
EECS 101 Piazza. Anant Sahai on how to read research papers: "You need to be willing to read actively. … Then, go and talk to your mentor. Explain what you think the point of the paper is and then ask questions about what you don't understand. They should teach you."
Holocaust survivor Ben Stern, 95, marched to an anti-racism rally in downtown Berkeley Sunday, blocks away from the right-wing demonstration. Stern fought back tears as it began. "I'm not here alone with the live people, but I see all the people of my past–my family, my friends who didn't make it."
Oscar Castaneda, a cook at downtown Berkeley restaurant Comal, was walking home from Ashby BART before midnight Aug. 11, following an evening shift, when he was attacked from behind, kicked while lying on the ground and robbed. Although he didn't realize it, he'd been shot in the back of the head.
Stephan Golux, a resident of Berkeley: Militant response by antifa wasn’t needed "They took a peaceful environment, and escalated risk and danger." It is sad that this risk came from our side from the left. Berkeley stood United against Hate. But we sure as hell didn't stand United against stupidity
As the housing crisis has grown, California has seen a rise in the number of "super commuters," residents who commute longer hours to cities starved of affordable housing, including in the Bay Area. Igor Tregub, commissioner on Berkeley's Rent Stabilization Board, saw the shift occur in Berkeley.
On Friday, the Urban Shield Task Force convened to discuss the future of Alameda County's involvement in the training program, but it was unable to come to a concrete decision after prolonged debate. A Berkeley City Council meeting, held in June to discuss the program, ended in violence and arrests.
The National Human Genome Research Institute, or NHGRI, awarded a five-year grant to UC Berkeley molecular biology and biochemistry professor Jennifer Doudna to lead the Center for Genome Editing and Recording.
Thousands of counterprotesters flood Berkeley streets after canceled ‘alt-right’ rally. It ended in pepper spray, purple smoke and 13 arrests.
Non-psych major want to take open psych classes but cant?
Does the city of Berkeley, California have a Police Department?
Place to do Olympic Lifts?
Good courses for data science/machine learning at Cal?
Is EE16AB actually a complete replacement of Math 54
Berkeley transfer from UH-Manoa
Eric Clanton, professor falsely accused by 4chan neo-nazis, criticizes police response
Neo Nazis being shown they are not welcomed in Berkeley! Go home nazis!
ANTIFA in Berkeley dump urine on old man, attack him and beat him while he's down. Violently attacking, outnumbering 10:1.
You people are disgusting.
Good Job, Berkeley.
Double majoring in Psych/Media Studies?
Being asked for proof of Regents Scholarship?
Google Backup and Sync Disabled
Places to visit
Meatless meat? UC Berkeley launches plant-based meat engineering lab
UC Berkeley And Berkeley College (Yale University) Are Named After A Slave Owner
Tom Lee, a UC Berkeley freshman, on Cal's human letter: "It’s just after a day listening to yells of 'Go Bears!' for literally hundreds of times (the intensity of the yells diminished as evening approached), as an individual, I felt exiled. I am a first-year student. I didn't appear in the photo."
Jessica Lynn and Pressly Pratt: 10 meals under $10 not in the Asian Ghetto. The Cheese Board Collective, House of Curries, Abe's Cafe, Little Gem Belgian Waffles, D'Yar Mediterranean Cuisine, McDonald's, Jupiter Taproom, Hummingbird Cafe, Tivoli Caffe, and Walgreens.
Robert Patrick Van Tooke: "There are periods of silence. Moments of unknown where the fog swallows the hill eastward. Days where there is nothing, a mere accumulation of moments spent doing remedial tasks: shopping, cleaning, sleeping. The window looking out to Channing Way is stained, then cleaned"
Eric Panzer on UCPD's directive for people to stay away from the rally: "Today I am sadly ashamed to be a UC Berkeley alum. Although I've never viewed the UC as a perfect institution, the level of hypocrisy and cowardice being displayed by Cal today challenges anything I'd have thought possible."
A man was taken to Highland Hospital with serious injuries Friday after trying to stop robbers in downtown Berkeley from taking his laptop, according to authorities and unconfirmed scanner audio. As the suspects attempted to flee in a stolen vehicle, he tried to hold onto the car to prevent robbery.
A community event, organized as a response to the planned alt-right rally Sunday, was held Saturday in Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park, where leaders from several religious spaces spoke, sang and prayed with the crowd. Cat Zavis said Saturday’s event was a "family-friendly" alternative.
Though Amber Cummings, the organizer of Sunday’s far-right rally in Berkeley, has called off the event, attendees seem unlikely to heed her request — and counter-protesters are certainly not scrapping their plans. On Facebook, hundreds had said they planned to come to the park, from 1-5 p.m.
Anti-Fascism Teach In, Open Mic, and Healing Mega Circle Tomorrow at Noon
Being asked for proof of Regents Scholarship
Questions about the engineering part of Berkeley.
Happy Cake Day to /u/Samses94 !
anyone here do dragonboat?
Help finding Anthro 3ac Textbooks
Good Stat 20 study tips/GSIs?
Swapping a class with someone else
Currently still undeclared, should I risk my chances of waiting for the Data Science major?
Place to practice guitar?
Math 53 Textbook PDF?
bars within walking distance that are quiet and cheap?
Is it fine to take courses outside of Berkeley during the semester?
Best place to watch the Mayweather-McGregor fight tomorrow?
3.1 CS GPA?
Karim Doumar: "My friend and I have a foolproof napping system. A particularly evil professor of ours takes attendance in class. As a result, we both show up. But we do not let the professor defeat us. … one of us promptly falls asleep. The other takes notes, and we share in the spoils."
Kelly Baird: "Now you're at Cal, and everyone is the smart Asian queer good-eyeliner nice kid and you're, like, nobody. Which is scary, because you thought that Cal wanted you because you were [that] and now everyone is better at shotgunning beers than you are, so what are you even doing here?"
Malini Ramaiyer: It's okay to not know your major. "When I was a senior in high school, I applied…as a neuroscience major. My goal was to become a doctor who traveled the world and practiced journalism on the side. Before I even arrived at Berkeley, I switched my intended major to computer science."
Carol Galante, director of Cal's Terner Center for Housing Innovation participated in a forum on Bay Area's housing crisis. 180,000 to 200,000 new housing units need to be built each year in California in order to keep pace with anticipated population growth, "and we're not coming anywhere close."
1st ASUC meeting this semester. In partnership with Princeton Review, Senator Nuha Khalfay announced 25% and 15% discounts for fall preparatory classes for the MCAT and GRE. Senator Harshil Bansal repeated his campaign promise of creating a housing database to allow students to rate their landlords.
Sardar Sikandar Wali Zia Khan was sentenced Friday to three years of state prison for raping two Cal students. Khan, who was a Cal law student, initially claimed he was "innocent, 100 percent," but chose July 10 to plead no contest to one count of forcible rape and one count of rape by use of drugs
Historic Wheeler Hall, a 100-year-old classroom and office building that's been the site of famous speeches and campus protests, reopened August 23, 2017, after a major, year-long overhaul. Professors like Martha Olney who teach in 732-seat Wheeler Auditorium couldn't be happier.
Berkeley rally organizer: ‘Do not attend’. In the letter, Cummings wrote that the rally will “take place, but it will be me alone attending, no one else please.”
Who’s behind the mysterious rally in Berkeley this Sunday?
Advice on applying for research?
Question about Community college and admissions.
Don't buy Gatorade from Equator in MLK, it's less than half of the price if you get it from the Amazon store, they give you a bigger bottle, and it's cold.
Places to do homework for non-UC students ?
video games near college and alcatraz
How do I get over my regret over not choosing to go to Cal?
Where can I learn the Piano?
How do I get over my regret of not choosing to go to Cal?
How Prevalent is Cheating at Berkeley? Stories?
Kyle “Based Stickman” Chapman Jailed, Barred from Possessing Sticks and Other Weapons. Judge told Chapman, “You are to have no weapons of any kind — sticks, knives, pepper spray.”
Need course advice for declaring CS
Does Berkeley see all you SAT Subjects test scores when you apply, or only when you send them?
Will not taking the Math 2 test hurt my chances of getting in?
Anyone in PS149E Looking For Section Swap?
Student group negotiating to bring Bannon, Coulter, Yiannopoulos to UC Berkeley
Chem 1A Tips?
Chem 1A Advice
DONT FORGET, BEARS......
Robert Patrick Van Tooke: "Being Vietnamese escapes my identity often, in an Americanized world where cultures blend and communities grow increasingly apart. I don't speak Vietnamese; I was too stubborn to learn. … There is a beauty in Vietnamese dining, Mom says, that is lost between generations."
Steven B. Tipping, the founder of Tipping Structural Engineers (TSE), died August 11, 2017. He would have been 70 this November. TSE, founded in 1983, is a full-service structural engineering firm located in downtown Berkeley. TSE designed bold projects such as UC Berkeley's Campbell Hall.
Where can I find...
Nao Myers, a 40-year-old Berkeley man, remains in custody on $5,000 bail after he shoved a 47-year-old woman from Richmond against a railing, and said obscene things to her before she was able to escape. The incident happened Saturday before 4pm in the 1400 block of Shattuck Avenue in North Berkeley
Amber Cummings, a transgender woman, who hopes to hold an "anti-Marxist" demonstration Sunday in Berkeley, was unable to secure a permit for her event. Cummings is pictured with "Transwomen for Trump" signs at a Berkeley protest in March. Two others who sought permits for events Sunday were denied.
42% of all UC undergraduates are the first in their families to attend college. Sophomore Neida Mendez is one. This fall, UC is stepping in to offer mentorship to students like Mendez. Mentorship will be provided by UC faculty members who were also the first in their families to attend college.
Current course enrollment in CS 61A has increased from 1,568 students last fall to 1,762 students this semester. There are over 50 TAs. The first lecture of the semester was webcasted three different times in Wheeler Hall for about 600 students each time, computer science professor John DeNero said.
Is Campus Skate-able?
Best place/resource/class/private tutor to learn to how to dance
favorite iced coffee?
OT Matthew Cindric commits to California
GSI-ing without taking a 375 course?
Berkeley Cal., looking east, from 1000 ft. elevation, from Lawrence Captive Airship, Nov. 24, 1908
Consecutive classes in Wheeler and Soda Hall
Who do I talk to about getting into a class?
Who do I talk to about getting into a
The City of Berkeley Police Department will be hosting its third of four Community Forums hosted by Chief Andrew Greenwood. The event will be tonight, Thursday, August 24, 2017, from 6:00pm to 9:00pm at the Berkeley Jewish Community Center, 1414 Walnut Street.
Newly ousted White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon has joined a roster of far-right incendiaries invited to speak at UC Berkeley this fall. Conservative campus publication California Patriot invited Steve Bannon, as well as Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos, to come to Cal between Sept. 24-27.
Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín is calling on community members to blanket the city, over the next few days, with a newly created poster to "show the white supremacists coming to our city that Berkeley Stands United Against Hate." Arreguín's office is making 20,000 posters available to the community.
Sophie Goethals: "Before I traveled alone, people told me how dangerous it would be to be a woman on her own in an unknown place—how people would try and steal from me, take advantage of me and lead me astray. But the more I trekked across Europe, the more I realized that the opposite was more true"
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "When asked about another potential change to athletics policy in response to the budget deficit — selling alcohol at Cal games — Christ said the question was 'stupid.' Questions about plans to close the deficit and increase revenue are never stupid."
Golden Bear Orientation leaders, short-staffed by 500, accommodate 9,500 incoming students. OLs receive priority registration, free meals and leadership experience, but they were not paid. OL Jay Mantuhac believed having a packed schedule from 9am to 11pm "drove OLs and students to exhaustion."
UC Berkeley energy professor Daniel Kammen resigned from his position as science envoy in President Donald Trump's administration with a written letter Wednesday. "Mr. President, I am resigning as Science Envoy. Your response to Charlottesville enables racism, sexism, &amp; harms our country and planet"
Difference in iClickers?
Withdrawing (And How Much It Would Cost?)
uc intercampus vistor program
Be a buddy not a bully
uc intercamps vistor question
Uc intercampus visitor program
Audition - Geeks Who Drink Looking for Trivia Hosts in Berkley - Great Student Gig
Spanish 1
Sarah Cadorette on Christ's 'Free Speech Year': "You cannot hire enough security forces to prevent the mental and emotional damage it may cause"
Clark Kerr Field Hours
Anyone near Clark Kerr have a ball pump?
Advice about fitting into Berkeley culture?
Intended CS - Back up major question
Looking for CS Mock Interview Partner
not hearing back from work study?
DARS Equivalent?
Chem 12A possible only having taken Chem 1A?
Stats 20 with Adam Lucas or Shobhana Murali Stoyanov?
I took an existing 2D map of campus and rotated it so that 90º vertical is true north. Thought some might find it useful.
Chancellor Christ's email about Free Speech
Qualcomm Cafe closed?
Course advice
CS 61A vs Data 8
UGBA study.net readers
Has calling Cal Student Central ever worked for anyone?
How hard is it to find a job for people who have studied something useless at berkeley?
Is there any way to filter classes by time on Calcentral schedule planner?
Calvin Fong, 58, chief of staff to former Mayor Tom Bates, died Sunday. Bates in an email Sunday: "Calvin was like a brother to me. For 14 years he was always there with loyalty, humor, and realistic advice. He had my back, and would do anything for his many friends and for the City of Berkeley."
Officials joined in Berkeley on Tuesday morning to express a unified message against hate. The press event, on the steps of City Hall, included Rep. Barbara Lee, Sen. Nancy Skinner, assembly members Tony Thurmond and Rob Bonta, Alameda County Supervisor Keith Carson and Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín
UCPD's Criminal Investigations Bureau is investigating a sexual assault at a UC Berkeley residential living unit. UCPD received a report 3:57 a.m. Tuesday of sexual assault that had occurred earlier that morning. The male suspect is a Cal student who was known to the female victim, a Cal student.
Project Juice, a cold-pressed juice store with locations across California, opened its doors in Berkeley for the first time Aug. 12. Founded by Greg Malsin and his wife Rachel Malsin, it aims to bring something new to the table by removing certain ingredients from its products like gluten and nuts.
The Tilden Park Little Farm got a bit more crowded last week when mama sow Contessa gave birth to her second litter of the year. As of Thursday, August 17, 2017, 12 new piglets are acclimating to their new home in the regional park. Two others were stillborn, and a 13th will be fostered elsewhere
"Vo.1" of the Eclipse Megamovie 2017, a project by Berkeley's Space Sciences Lab and Google that crowdsourced eclipse imagery, was released Monday evening. The images, showing a continuous view of the total eclipse as it traversed the U.S., will be available to scientists later as an open dataset.
(Help, Please!) Administratively Withdrawn due to Cancel for Non-Payment
RSF low-traffic times
Will it hurt my chances of getting in if I submit a higher ACT score after I turn in my admission but before the UC score deadline of December 31st?
"Timely Warning - Sexual Assault" email during Sexual Violence Prevention training
"Timely Warning - Sexual Assault" email during Sexual Violence Prevention Training
Did wheeler actually catch on fire or was it a drill or something
Classes in Memorial Stadium
Academic Suicide?
Any good protests being organized for the Ole Miss game?
Open-source SAT/ACT Prep Project
Joining a PE class
EECS 101 Piazza. Cindy Conners: "The system is processing the wait list 4 times a day (that should continue until the 3rd week of classes). It runs at 12:30am, 6:30am, 12:30pm and 6:30pm …When the system encounters a 'problem' with a student on the wait list, it leaves the student on the wait list."
After Chancellor Carol Christ announced plans last week for a "Free Speech Year," Milo Yiannopoulos declared that he would return to campus for a "Free Speech Week" on Sproul Plaza between Sept. 24 and 27. Milo is urging non-violence. "I want the violence to be verbal, and I want it to be on stage."
Three robbers, black men in their early to mid-20s, 5 feet 10 to 6 feet tall, with thin builds, robbed two male pedestrians early Monday morning and acted as if they were armed. It happened 2:20 a.m. Monday at Hearst Avenue and Oxford Street, at the northwest corner of the UC Berkeley campus.
Azfar Adnan, 19, of Oakland, was arrested after a violent robbery and car chase in Berkeley. He and two others attacked a 25-year-old UC Berkeley student who was walking in the 2300 block of Hearst Avenue, near Le Conte Avenue, at about 9:30 p.m. Thursday. He is in jail with bail set to $130,000.
Recent Cal graduate Alice Wu conducted a recent study for her senior thesis on gender stereotypes in the anonymous online forum Economics Job Market Rumors. It revealed what appears to be a hostile environment toward women in some circles of the economics field.
Cal Athletics lost two of its most senior financial officials this summer, as it prepares to find a way to close its more than $20 million budget deficit. Ashwin Puri, the department's chief revenue officer, and Jeremy Wang, its chief development officer, announced their departures in July and June.
On the ground in Greece, Berkeley MBA students test tech to help refugees, In the sweltering June heat inside a refugee camp on the Greek mainland, Sarrah Nomanbhoy, MBA 18, listened closely as Khadija and her teenage son Tariq answered her questions about their family's refugee odyssey.
View of the eclipse today!
Recommendations for Clubs?
Applying for food stamps as a student
Physics 8A question
Good question.
How is CS188? (Artificial Intelligence)
Just declared CS as a transfer. How do I fill units?
Is it okay to torrent all my textbooks instead of paying for them?
A female pedestrian in the Southside neighborhood near the UC Berkeley campus was robbed by a man with a gun early Sunday morning, police report.
Hey r/berkeley. If you are new to berkeley, or haven't been here in a while, make sure to remember street sweeping days! I built an app that reminds you to move your car for street sweeping. You can use it for free!
Anyone know the inscription on this archway over Birge Path near Gilman Hall?
Manageable schedule?
Place to find yourself at Cal?
What is a good, comparative combination for an Environmental Science double major?
Does declaring a major on my app hurt my chances of getting in?
Anyone know where to get a good lab coat and a lab notebook?
On-campus storage?
Difference between "Custom UC Berkeley Edition" textbooks and regular ones?
CS61A and EE16A final on the same day?
Undercover Police at the Greek Theatre
prospetive student from uc davis
UC Berkeley documents for California ID or Driver's license
How to experience Monday's solar eclipse from Berkeley. The central branch of the Berkeley Public Library, which has been giving away safe eclipse viewing glasses while they last, is holding a viewing party at 2090 Kittredge St. on the front steps from 9-11:30 a.m. And Lawrence Hall of Science.
BART officers nabbed two people for fare evasion Saturday, one at Oakland's Fruitvale station and one at a Berkeley station. At a Berkeley BART station around 10:50am, a man evaded paying the fare, then fled on foot. Officers apprehended him and took him to the Berkeley City Jail.
Carol Christ is planning a "free speech year" to encourage all to "think deeply" about the topic. Christ: "I think Milo has plans to come back, and he said he's bringing Ann Coulter with him. And, of course, if they are invited by a legitimate student group, they have the right to speak at Berkeley"
Jordan Jomsky, a Cal freshman, said his parents had advice he plans to follow after the violent Charlottesville white nationalist protest: "They told me to stay safe, and don't go to protests. I wish people would just leave this place alone. It's become this epicenter. We're just here to study."
Alexander Barreira: "Perhaps as a self-assurance that we were not yet stodgy journalists but could still be cool, ironic college kids when we wanted, here at the student newspaper, we save some of our best quotes from circulation and hang them up on the walls of our office … some flirt with libel."
Every week, devices, pulled by electric bikes, from the College of Environmental Design's embARC Summer Design Academy will collect 50 pounds of fresh food grown at Cal's Gill Tract in Albany, as well as garden sites on the north side and Clark Kerr, to give food to students in need at UC Berkeley.
Simple Poll for Warriors Fans in Berkeley
Anyone here who intended to major in CS at L&amp;S but did not meet required GPA?
Professional cleaner recommendations?
4th year student - I completely forgot to renew my FASFA by March 2nd, am I screwed?
Lil B - Berkeley (Black Ken)
Any tips for an incoming freshman to find a part time job without work study?
IF YALL ARE WORRIED ABOUT YOUR FRESHMEN YEAR WATCH THIS VIDEO ON TIPS THAT GUARANTEE A GOOD FIRST YEAR!!!
Overwhelming hopelessness
Rebecca Portnoff, a UC Berkeley Ph.D. candidate in computer science, developed the first automated techniques to identify adult ads tied to human trafficking rings by linking the ads to public information from Bitcoin — the primary payment method for online sex ads.
BPD arrested a man on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon Saturday 8:40pm. He tried to break the window of Peet's Coffee on Shattuck Avenue, near Kittredge Street, with an object. When individuals confronted him and tried to get him to stop attacking the window, he swung the object at them.
Berkeley's 1951 Coffee Company has been awarded the "Opportunity for All" grant by the Starbucks Foundation, allowing it to expand its barista training program for refugees to other cities. The grant awards it $63,000 to serve an additional 85 refugees, asylees and Special Immigrant Visa holders.
Pooja Bale: "So what is it like stepping foot on UC Berkeley's campus for the first time? It's mesmerizing, it's nerve-racking and it's actually pretty tiring because there are so many hills — but we need the exercise anyway. It makes you feel small but so full of hot air and opportunity."
Jabari Bird signed a two-way contract with the Boston Celtics, whose roster features a teammate of Bird's in last year's No. 3 overall pick, Jaylen Brown. They're the first alum of Cal men’s basketball to become teammates since Jason Kidd and Lamond Murray were members of the 2005-06 New Jersey Nets
Astronomer Alex Filippenko, an admitted eclipse addict, offers tips on how to observe and enjoy the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse. The total solar eclipse – the first visible from the continental U.S. since 1979 – will traverse the entire country in a band about 70 miles wide.
Is Chem 1A needed for Chem 3A?
When/where are the upcoming parties?
Where to buy solar eclipse glasses in the bay area?
I know how to overtake YouTube, looking for programmer who can execute
Anyone need parking? I have a spot I'm renting out one block from Berkeley and across the street from BART.
Safest place to keep your bike on campus?
Greek Life - Best sororities on campus?
EECS 101 Piazza. A student wrote: "As a prospective female engineer I feel isolated, discouraged, and alone because of the lack of diversity in the EECS and CS department. I feel intimidated by the TAs, who are largely white, male, and Indian/Asian. I feel excluded by the meme culture and elitism."
UC Berkeley wants students to know it's OK to fail by telling students about their own failures years ago and how they picked up the pieces. Professor Robert Rhew failed an exam in a genetics class after studying hard. Amy Honigman, a respected psychologist, got a C in her first psychology class.
Cal's new chancellor brings optimism to an embattled campus. Carol Christ started her day as usual—rising at 5:30am, eating a breakfast of bread, fruit and a soft-boiled egg, and practicing her viola. Her personable style, penchant to listen and learn, and natural instinct to connect draw people in.
Five years ago, all new students and faculty at Cal began receiving a book in the mail over the summer as an expansion of a program called On The Same Page, which began in the College of L&amp;S in 2006. But this summer, Cal asked them to listen to the soundtrack of "Hamilton," a hip-hop musical.
A male UC Berkeley student, 25, was the victim of a strong-arm robbery Thursday. He was walking near the intersection of Hearst and LeConte when he was approached by the suspects 9:30 p.m. The suspects took his property and left the scene on foot to a nearby vehicle. BPD arrested one suspect, 19.
At a special meeting Friday afternoon, Berkeley City Council passed an "urgency ordinance" allowing the city manager to issue temporary rules for large public events due to take place without city permits. The intention is to let the city ban items that could be used as weapons at rallies.
5 highest-paid UC Berkeley employees in 2016: former basketball coach Cuonzo Martin ($2.9 million), former football coach Sonny Dykes ($2.8 million), departing athletics director Mike Williams ($707,900), Haas professor Toby Stuart ($636,026), and women's basketball coach Lindsay Gottlieb ($617,900)
Where can I find cheap spices and groceries?
Is there a limit to how many PE courses someone can take?
Expected Salary for CS Graduates?
Instructor changed grades after sending them to registrar
I've always felt like an "illegitimate" student at Berkeley due to being a fall freshman admit with a very low HS GPA. I would appreciate your help in finding me closure. Thanks.
I've always felt like an "illegitimate" student at Berkeley. Do you agree?
Has anyone tried booking rooms for info-sessions for next semester?
Best way to prepare for CS70?
Fascist are coming
Is there still a grace period for paying tuition?
Tips on viewing the solar eclipse on Monday?
3D printing and laser cutting on campus?
Campus security is absolutely PATHETIC. Berkeley doesn't feel like a safe place to be, and there are obvious things that can be done to improve the situation.
11 Black Berkeley Law students and alumni secured federal judicial clerkships this year, the highest known number of clerkships obtained by the school's Black students and graduates in a single application cycle, according to Eric Stern, director of operations at the Career Development Office.
Ken Goldberg of the Berkeley AUTOLAB is seeking highly motivated EECS students to pursue state-of-the-art research on Deep Learning for Urban Driving. The research will provide experience with Deep RL algorithms, Multi-Agent Control and Graphics Rendering. Requirements: GPA &gt; 3.8 and 5-10 hours/week
Berkeley is ready to spend as much as $500,000 to protect a single lecture, Dan Mogulof, assistant vice chancellor for public affairs, said, and will do so regardless of the speaker's ideology. The new protocol was unveiled on Sunday, a day after a woman was killed in Charlottesville.
Advice?
A Berkeley boy, 17 and Kelin Robinson, 18, from Oakland were arrested by police early Thursday after they tried to flee from a robbery not far from the Berkeley Police Department. The victim had bruises and cuts on his face, a black eye and a bloody nose. His computer, wallet and phone were taken.
City of Berkeley is advising community members to "stay away" from an alt-right “No to Marxism in America” rally in Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park on Aug. 27 and to not "create alternative events near downtown Berkeley." "Stay away from conflict. There are many alternative ways to respond"
The Berkeley College Republicans, will pay $15,738 for the basic security costs of Ben Shapiro's visit to campus on September 14, 2017. BCR Executive Vice President Naweed Tahmas confirmed that they have booked 1,984 seats — the maximum capacity of Zellerbach Hall — for the event.
The Alameda County District Attorney filed a felony charge against Kyle Chapman for possession of a leaded stick, related to several fights at a chaotic pro-Trump rally earlier this year. Chapman faces up to a year in jail if convicted and possession of any weapons in the future would be a felony.
11 Black Berkeley Law students and alumni who secured federal judicial clerkships this year, the highest known number of clerkships obtained by the school's Black students and graduates in a single application cycle, according to Eric Stern, director of operations at the Career Development Office.
Still have the same Financial Aid from last year displayed on Calcentral. Is this normal?
Educ 198 1 unit vs 3 units??
Hey Computer Science Undergrads!
People are brigading Top Dog's yelp page because the owner is a libertarian.
(1) ticket to Willie Nelson this Saturday
Is taking Bio 1A and 1B at the same time a good idea?
UCLA item sold online in a Cal store?
[CalCentral] Please Help. How can I pay only 20% of my fees? The only option on CalCentral is to pay all of it. The deadline is tomorrow.
CAA Leadership scholarship?
don't feel safe
A guy robbed a bunch of people at gunpoint at the RSF yesterday (source: wildfire)
The Desperate Future Of Cal Athletics Is Here
How important are subjects tests for entering?
Can you add the class calendar to your bCal through CalCentral?
Spanish language placement?
Christopher Hunn on EECS 101 Piazza: Want to be a GSI in the future? Take CS370/198 "Intro to Teaching CS"! "We strongly prefer students who are serving as academic interns or tutors this semester as it enhances your learning, but anyone who is genuinely interested in the material, is welcome."
Cal Athletics on no more free football tickets: "To help create excitement around our teams for new students, we offered free season passes to freshmen the past three years. While the redemption rate was high, we found that actual freshman attendance was not. We are no longer offering the program."
UC Berkeley's fall 2017 new student convocation: Freshman Shefali Das belted a rendition of the national anthem, while student Luis Maurer, sang a track from "Hamilton." Carol Christ conducted a performance by UC Marching Band. Haas' Richard Lyons strummed a guitar to the tune of "Bare Necessities".
John Ramondetta (also known as Johnny Monoxide), a well known Berkeley white nationalist, no longer works at his job at an electric company, Rosendin Electric, after being connected to the white supremacist protests in Charlottesville, Virginia. And Cole White, resigned from his position at Top Dog.
Three teen suspects allegedly pushed the victim to the ground and stole his property. They were spotted by a patrol officer doing an area check near Martin Luther King Junior Way. Officers recovered the victim's property. All three suspects were detained and arrested and were taken to juvenile hall.
UC Berkeley has been ranked the No. 1 public university in the world by the 2017 Academic Ranking of World Universities. Freshman Paul Shao was "really excited" about Cal's ranking. He added that he thinks what sets UC Berkeley apart from other universities is the diversity and tolerance on campus.
People's Park could include supportive housing for its homeless residents in the future, as part of Cal's larger effort to redevelop the site. Homeless advocate Guy "Mike" Lee disagreed with Cal's hiring a $92,000 social worker, adding Cal should've used the resources to assess the needs of students
Any tips for balancing work and school?
need help setting up access point in res hall
Private Loan says it's been disbursed, but Cal Central says nothing?
SOS- Unable to make GPA cap for major
UC Berkeley chancellor unveils 'Free Speech Year' as right-wing speakers plan campus events
[Financial Aid] I have not yet received my financial aid because I need to submit an SAP appeal form. Is there anyway I can request an extension to the tuition deadline?
My financial aid says it's been disbursed, but I still have $8499 due by Friday. What's going on?
Bay Area Rally Against Hate - Join us on 8//27 for a peaceful counter protest to the Alt Right!
Anyone else really liking our new chancellor?
Berkeley mayor: Hateful rhetoric 'is not welcome in Berkeley'
Has anyone been to Cornerstone?
How to get from Morgan to Haas??
Is Econ 105 too intense for non-majors?
Swimming at Hearst
Top seven "poop spots"; four factors: location, privacy, aesthetic and comfort." Dwinelle Hall third floor, Moffitt Library fourth floor, Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union first floor northeast corner, Mulford Hall third floor, East Asian Library, Doe Library third floor, South Hall second floor.
Chancellor Carol Christ takes the helm at Cal as Cal finds itself at the center of a new free speech debate, as the area's rising cost of living compounds a student housing shortage, and as state lawmakers view the UC system warily after a state audit revealed $175 million in undisclosed funds.
In the face of a growing alt-right presence in Berkeley, Mayor Jesse Arreguín said in a press release Tuesday that his office is attempting to stop a planned alt-right rally, No Marxism in America, from taking place later this month. "This rally, and its hateful rhetoric, is not welcome in our city"
Incoming students broke a Guinness World Record for the largest human letter as a part of Bear Affair, one of the many events of the new week-long orientation program, Golden Bear Orientation. 7,194 incoming first year and transfer students participated. They waited over two hours in their positions
How Berkeley Top Dog employee Cole White at Charlottesville rally got outed on Twitter by @YesYoureRacist, a mysterious Twitter user. The hot dog chain posted a sign on the doors of its Durant Avenue location on Sunday, announcing that, as of Saturday, Aug. 12, Cole no longer worked for the company.
It was an emotional move-in day at Berkeley on Monday. "I'm going to cry later," said single father Carl Gyllenhammer, as he left his son Reese, a computer science major with a 4.66 GPA. Females comprise 53% of the freshman class and California residents form 69%. 54 countries are represented.
Writing for the Daily Cal
They don't call it the Big C for nothing
Non-payment
cs 160 vs cs186
Mike Williams to Step Down as Athletic Director at the end of the academic year.
Yun Song or Adam Lucas for STAT 135?
I have a crush on a bearwalker, what do I do?
Financial Aid not disbursed?
This Friday the 18th, 6pm, Two bands, beer and wine, free entrance, at Highwire cafe on 2049 San Pablo Ave. come hangout
Any of ya'll hear the new Chancellor's piece on free speech?
EFT Refund Question
Where to find tenants quickly?
Ben Shapiro event set for Zellerbach Hall, gaining 1,500 more seats than requested
HELP: Fin Aid for Laptop?!?!
Chancellor's Back-to-School Press Conference (currently being broadcast on FB Live)
Alameda County Sheriff's twitter page retweeted White Nationalist Richard Spencer, "on accident." Hours later, it's still up.
Anant Sahai after student said "handled poorly" on EECS 101 Piazza: "EECS staff has gone above and beyond in trying to deal with and find workarounds to flaws in the system because they care about students…you should say sorry and more importantly think more than twice before slinging an accusation"
financial aid disbursement
Shounak Bagchi, a recent Cal alum, on "creating your own UC Berkeley story": This will not come without moments of anguish and tribulation. There will be an abundance of long nights at the library, periods of doubt in your ability. … Don't ever forget the profound impact of the Free Speech Movement.
Carolyn Merchant, a Cal professor, on Elisa Cooper (1969–2017): She entered Cal in 1997 as a history grad student, without outside fellowship support and worked long hours supporting herself not only through reader, research, and teaching assistantships, but by performing eldercare and housework.
Daily Cal Editorial Board on cuts: "Some campus units can't become more self-sustainable. Many less marketable departments within L&S will now be responsible for generating this donation revenue…Cuts should not fall to departments that cannot generate revenue to meet their deficit reduction goals."
The wartime requirement that Berkeley drivers maneuver at night with only parking lights went into effect Aug. 20, 1942. One man driving with headlights off knocked down two pedestrians while turning from Shattuck Avenue into Bancroft Way on Aug. 17.
Police arrested three young men and a juvenile for a 10:10pm robbery Sunday in the 1300 block of University Avenue in Berkeley. A woman was walking westbound when two men robbed her as she used her phone. The arrested men: Jacob St. John, 18; Melachi Davis, 18; and Tommy McDaniels, 19.
Cal Athletics in 2018 plans to decrease budget deficit by $4.652 million. By 2020, many of its 30 teams implied to be cut. Longer-term revenue generation plans: relocating track, soccer teams to let Cal produce residential housing on Edwards Stadium and selling alcohol at football, basketball games.
Does Sanskrit 100A count for any L&S breadth requirements?
Has anyone received an insurance card after waiving SHIP late?
Hiring a psychology researcher/ grad student to run a psychology study
Feeling a bit lonely at Berkeley
TBA discussion section on calcentral?
Outside resources for STAT 134?
Where can I do a Skype interview in Berkeley?
Library with the most comfortable chairs???
Cal hires $92,000-a-year social worker for People’s Park
Anyone going to see Brockhampton on October 1?
When do we get off the waitlist for a class? (I am #7 on the waitlist for a class with 10 open spots)
Berkeley Police Department will soon be fielding an externally worn ballistic carrier (bullet proof vest) as a uniform option for patrol officers. It is intended to reduce worker’s compensation claims, improve comfort, increase career longevity. Officers currently wear the traditional Sam Brown belt
200 to 300 people gathered at Latham Square in Downtown Oakland about 3:30 p.m. Sunday to protest the white supremacist demonstration that occurred in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Friday and Saturday morning. The rally was organized by Anti Police-Terror Project and Community READY Corps.
Yvette Felarca was caught on video punching a neo-Nazi demonstrator and was arraigned. But she says standing up to fascism shouldn't be a crime. Felarca is scheduled to teach at her Berkeley Middle School at the end of the month. The school legally cannot fire her unless she is convicted of a felony
I'd appreciate some feedback on my freshman schedule
Chancellor Carol Christ's substantial budget cuts left few departments unscathed, and the UC Berkeley School of Law was no exception. The school will cut its number of associate deans from seven to three to increase its budget surplus by $2 million. It will have to hit higher fundraising benchmarks.
Cal Performances, a campus performing arts organization, has been tasked by the campus budget office with contributing $926,000 in deficit reductions in the fiscal year 2018, and the organization is expected to fall short, according to the recently revealed fiscal year 2018 budget.
A female fell 30–40 feet off Grizzly Peak around 9pm Sunday, landing on South Park Drive and sustaining facial lacerations, according to Berkeley Fire Department on-duty Battalion Chief Bill Kehoe. Oakland Fire Department is handling the rescue, as it is in their jurisdiction, but BFD sent support.
Clubs CS/EECS kids should definitely give a try
Class Conflict Form
Has anyone taken MCB 166?
Wisdom from the owner of Top Dog
Top Dog fires employee seen in Charlottesville protest
Sproul Plaza tabling needs to up its game.
I am under the unit minimum and applied to the decal, "Intro to Wall Street," to get enough. Does anyone know how competitive it is to get into this?
Question about Class timing
Physics 8A Questions
What is the criteria for admission into the econ major?
Do you still have access to your CalNet ID/Berkeley account once you graduate?
Samantha Shadrow on being told "I was going to make friends for life" in college: "I was right to be skeptical. The majority of time on campus is spent with a book or computer propped up on your knees, not creating memories with best friends. But still I was not entirely justified in my skepticism."
Eko Devices, co-founded by recent Cal alumni Tyler Crouch, Connor Landgraf, and Jason Bellet, found a worthy niche marketing wireless stethoscopes to hospitals, and now they're targeting an even bigger niche. Their stethoscopes can digitally transmit patients' heart rate and other vital signs.
Housing crisis: Will California force its cities to OK more building? A textbook example: Berkeley, which was sued last fall over a small housing development it denied. The judge set a hearing date in September and wrote she'd consider granting approval herself if the city failed to do so by then.
The Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive, or BAMPFA, adopted an ambitious plan for achieving a targeted budget deficit reduction of $582,000 set by recently unveiled campus fiscal year 2018 budget, including plans to generate $850,000 in new revenue and increase its endowment by $5 million.
Allegedly a Top Dog employee participated in today's white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, VA. Can any prove otherwise?
An emergency solidarity demonstration was held in Oakland in response to white nationalist protests in Charlottesville, Virginia. At 9:30 p.m. Oakland protesters took over Highway 580 at the Grand/Lakeshore exit. Officers gave dispersal orders as the crowd remained, shutting down eastbound traffic.
A new bike path along Bancroft Way, on the southern edge of campus, should be completed next week in time for the start of the fall semester. Connecting to an existing path on Fulton, it's of a larger project to add protected bike lanes and other transit improvements to the south side of the campus.
Submitted dependent verification form late for financial aid. Will I still receive any aid?
Any Other Berkeley Students Starting in January?
Workload Concern (CS 170 + CS 168 + X)
Is Soc C167 a breadth?
Recommendations for Credit Unions?
Mental health on campus
Older students: What is your biggest piece of advice to new students?
[#13] On the Waitlist? Don't worry. Everyone is. Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
Lin Lin, an assistant professor of mathematics, and Eric Neuscamman, an assistant professor of chemistry, received 2017 Early Career Research Program awards from the Department of Energy to further their work. Lin joined the math department in 2014. Neuscamman joined the College of Chemistry in 2015
Isabel Soloaga: "If you hike up to the Berkeley Fire Trails taking Derby Street to the Tanglewood Path at dusk there's a good chance you will glimpse horned owls roosting in the eucalyptus lining the Stonewall-Panoramic Trail…I hope I have inspired you to take note of this wonderful world around us"
One man was taken to the hospital after being stabbed in the shoulder by Ian Kyle Murphy, 25, with an ice pick 11:53pm Thursday in downtown Berkeley near Center and Shattuck. Both parties were homeless, police said, and knew each other prior to the incident. Murphy is being held with a $30,000 bail.
Jesse Kellerman set his eighth novel, Crime Scene, in Berkeley. He made main character Edison a former star basketball player for UC Berkeley who blew out his knee before his senior year. In his 30s, single and sexy, Edison lives in a Berkeley apartment but travels all around Alameda County for work
A man was taken to the hospital Thursday 9:30pm after two men attacked and robbed him at the Ashby BART station in Berkeley. Two men "came up behind him … knocked him down, punched and kicked him." They took his backpack, wallet and watch and are two black men in their 20s, 5' 8 to 5' feet 10.
UC reached a $1.3 million settlement with the US Department of Labor in late May after the university was found to have underpaid thousands of university employees. The settlement includes repayments to about 14,000 current and former non-academic employees for back wages.
Percussion opportunities
University Events to Google Calendar
OT Brandon Mello commits to California
Mattresses and furniture on the street - is that allowed?
Do freshmen get free football tickets for the 2017 season?
Paid Internship, brand ambassador work for Berkeley students. Need ASAP.
Fall Internship
Who Gets What?: Determining who gets what bed/desk in a unit 2 triple.
Berkeley ranked 5th best city to live in nationwide
Crushed by the LSCS GPA reqs
Part Time Status: anyone with experience?
A 6-year-old girl was rushed to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Wednesday 8pm after she "entered the roadway" and was hit by a van on Hearst Avenue. BPD: "The driver swerved and attempted to miss [her] but she was struck." She was taken by ambulance to Children's Hospital in Oakland
Berkeley police investigators have arrested Anthony McCurty, a 37-year-old janitor, in connection with a shooting in July that damaged two homes near San Pablo Park. He is in custody with a $495,000 bail. A woman was cleaning when a bullet tore through her living room and narrowly missed her head.
Preliminary hearing for Eric Clanton, charged with Berkeley bike lock assault, pushed to September. The next rally is slated for Aug. 27 in Civic Center Park. Organized by Amber Cummings, called "Based Tranny" by her far-right supporters, the event is billed as a "No to Marxism in America" protest.
William Martinelli, 87, board member of Actors Ensemble of Berkeley since its incorporation in 1957, died July 13, 2017. At Cal, he majored in drama and joined Masque and Dagger. He became part of an engaged coterie of students centered around Fred Harris, a founder of UC Berkeley theatre department
BART will close the main entrance to downtown Berkeley BART station on Aug. 14. When the entrance is reopened in early 2018, the circular metal and glass covering that has stood there for 45 years will be gone. BART will close the entrance at the western corner of Addison Street and Shattuck Avenue.
Berkeley adopted an ordinance mandating that children's fast food meals be served with water or milk, rather than soda as beverage. Non-dairy milk substitutes without added sweeteners, such as soy, almond and rice beverages are also acceptable under the new law.
Cal unveiled its response to an imposing financial crisis with its 2017-18 budget, highlighted by more than $15 million in cuts to academic, research and administrative expenses. The cuts include: about $3.7 million from the academic division, which includes L&S, Haas, College of Engineering, Boalt.
Advice for incoming freshmen - CS internships
Does anyone else have a discrepancy between their Cal Central gift aid and the Cal Grant website?
What if I haven't taken pre-reqs?
Cal Dining work study questions
Which classes NOT to choose if I don't want to have lots of reading during the semester?
I'm not sure if this already exists, but I made a discord chat for fellow incoming EECS/L&S CS students. The chat includes resources and updates regarding EECS/CS and bots! Please join so we can get to know each other!
Free Stuff for Berkeley Students?
How to pass Innovative design/Berkeley Innovation interviews?
Looking for reputable tire shop
CONGRATS! Professor Ashok Gadgil receives Social Justice Award
I think the admissions officers deserve a round of applause
EECS worth it for OOS student?
Alternative Major to Computer Science?
What address to put while ordering from Amazon?
Is 61B useful for data science?
What do you dislike the most about UCBerkeley?
After Google fired engineer James Damore following his issuance of an internal memo suggesting women are biologically unfit for tech and leadership positions, law lecturer Elaine Rushing notes California employers can fire workers at will, provided reasons aren't discriminatory by race, sex or age.
Suggesting that while concerns about free speech on college campuses are legitimate, history professor and former Cal chancellor Nicholas Dirks writes that the "broader assault" by the far right and far left "on the idea of the university itself" is not.
The hidden reason behind Berkeley's housing crisis: Proposition 13 froze property tax values at a home's 1976 assessed value, and capped increases at no more than 2% per year. When a home changes ownership, its property taxes are set at 1% of the sale price, plus the 2% yearly cap in increases.
Morgan Robertson: "I got an amazing response from my family and friends when I reposted my articles on Facebook and Twitter. I felt seen for the first time … The good thing about goodbyes is that there is a hello right around the corner. I feel ready for the next phase in my life."
Crossroads previously offered late night service five days a week from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. after closing regular dinner service at 9 p.m. To reduce costs, beginning in fall 2017, Crossroads will be open for continued service after dinner from 9 p.m. to 11 p.m. on Sundays to Thursdays.
Berkeley man Mario Washington was charged with 3 felonies after unprovoked BART train attacks. Washington hit a seated passenger in the head with an unknown metal object, then punched and kicked him before fleeing the train. In 2001, he was sentenced to six years in jail for manslaughter.
best pho you've had in the area?
What's the best thing about UCB?
New eight-day Golden Bear Orientation starts Tuesday – "is expected to be the largest orientation of its kind at a U.S. university, in terms of the number of students participating."
Schedule Question
Workload Concern (CS 170 + 168 + X)
15" or 13" laptop for college?
Logit.AI: Smart app for college level athletes & their coaches to track training, predict injury, and assess potential
Golden bear orientation
PadPiper 1.0
UC Berkeley fall 2017 admit profile (ranges for GPA, test scores)
Alum looking to sit in on a class
Berkeleyside is holding an Open Office—a chance for readers to meet the team in an informal way—on Wednesday Aug. 16, 2017, 6–7:30pm. There'll be beer, wine and pizza, as well as soft drinks on offer for your delectation. "Space is limited and we need to compile a guest list so an RSVP required."
The Eclipse Megamovie project released an app that makes it easy for people with smart phones to photograph the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse and upload the images to the project, a collaboration between Cal and Google to provide a lasting photo archive for scientists studying the sun's corona.
The 2902 Adeline Street Neighbors, a nonprofit neighborhood association to protect low-income housing, is suing Berkeley over a mixed-use construction project at its namesake address. The project replaces one single-family dwelling and one mixed-use building with a six-story mixed-use building.
Alfredo Bautista of Concord admitted to a police officer he used a cigarette lighter to start Wednesday's Grizzly Fire after a road rage incident earlier in the morning. Bautista approached a vehicle while armed with a rifle and followed the victims in his own vehicle after they attempted to escape.
A new public-use, disabled-accessible, portable bathroom was installed in a city parking lot near Alcatraz Avenue and Martin Luther King Jr. Way on Friday after the city received pressure from a nearby homeless encampment organized by the advocacy group First They Came for the Homeless and others.
Ex-Chancellor Dirks to be paid $434K while on leave
Ex-Chancellor Dirks to be paid $434K while on leave
Ex-Chancellor Dirks to be paid $434K while on leave
Lost a camera during Berkeley's Peace Lantern Festival
Biking at Cal
Win 2 free Comedy Festival tickets (Bay Area, California) {US} Giveaway ends 8/13/17
Question about Google Home
When do you have to sign up for Loans
Is 61B enough to get a software job?
The City of Berkeley Police Department will be hosting its second of four Community Forums hosted by Chief Andrew Greenwood. The event will be tonight from 6:00pm to 9:00pm at the Tarea Hall Pittman South Branch of the Berkeley Public Library (1901 Russell Street).
Just a heads up regarding an upcoming earthquake drill at Cal to occur on August 11th.
Getting off waitlist help
Financial Aid
Craigslist vs. Cal Rentals
"White supremacy is ingrained in our institutions, including that of higher education, and the powerful continue to push for policies that intentionally and actively disadvantage people of color."
The 1907 Berkeley bungalow at 1612 Stuart Street with its own secret garden has sold. And sold quickly. Listed on July 5, the two-bedroom, one-bathroom, 1,105-square-foot home was pending by July 18 and sold on July 28 for $1.111 million. That's 53% over asking, a price of $1,100 per square foot.
August 6, 2017, marks the 72nd anniversary of the dropping of the first atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. It's a day Jack Dairiki, Cal '58, remembers well because he was there. He was 14. "The bomb exploded. It was ten times brighter than the sun, and then everything went black."
Cameron Miller, a 2016 Stanford alum who lives in Berkeley: Cal football treats players poorly. "Where does all this leave many of Cal's football players? In the unenviable position of having neither a meaningful degree nor any financial gain from the athletic services they rendered to the campus."
To help ease the shortage of affordable housing for students, UC Berkeley has begun leasing privately developed apartment buildings in their entirety. In the fall of 2016, Cal signed lease agreements with two new apartment buildings: the New Sequoia building (113 beds), and Garden Village (210 beds)
Subaita Rahman on "Do you read the comments on your articles?": Yes, for a while I did read them. I legitimately read them and tried to understand the thought processes behind unfriendly comments. It's completely different now. I give a passing glance to see who's misinterpreted my writing.
Anthony Lucas is expanding his San Francisco-based business Anthony's Cookies to a Berkeley storefront. The soft opening of its second location at 2575 San Pablo Avenue will happen this week no later than Saturday. They are known for their specialty cookie flavors like cinnamon spice and toffee chip
Learning disability testing for college students?
Learning disability testing for college students?
cs scholars worth it?
Options for cheap food?
New Grad Student Orientation?
Co-opers GBO orientation week
The party scene and advice for freshmen
I played too many video games my freshman year. How can I end my addiction during school?
Laptop/Computer Store?
Yvette Felarca | Fascism
How do you guys manage to afford free time?
Moderate Conservative starting UC Berkeley in a week?
Grizzly Peak fire reduced to 'patrol status;' being investigated as possible arson
Furnishing an apartment?
Gym noob resources?
The Achievement Award Program Scholarship
Seth Stephens-Davidowitz is a former Google data scientist who combed through Wikipedia to find what successful people had in common. Geography played an outsized role — if the person was born near a large college town. The county containing Berkeley, California was in the top 3% of page frequency.
After peregrine falcon Lux — one of two chicks born on UC Berkeley's Campanile in May — flew into a window on campus and died last month, experts have installed bird-safe streamers to prevent another accident. Lux had only been flying a week when she got trapped on a 10th-floor balcony of Evans Hall
Week 1 of Cal's training camp ended with a spill-your-coffee moment Saturday night, a fitting close considering the liveliness building around the Cal program. Junior fullback Malik McMorris: "A lot of guys on the team came from winning high school programs, so losing isn't in their vocabularies."
Any intro gym classes?
More than 600 candlelit lanterns floated through Berkeley Aquatic Park on Saturday evening as part of the 16th annual Bay Area Peace Lantern Ceremony, an event to commemorate the victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. The event included a ceremony featuring Taiko drumming.
A kidnapping, battery and robbery in People's Park on Sunday morning 11 a.m. The victim, unaffiliated with campus, was approached by another male wearing a tan wide-brim hat and burgundy fleece jacket when the suspect punched him several times, dragged him out of the park and stole his cell phone.
One person was sent to the hospital Sunday with burns due to a two-alarm fire in a three-story apartment building on Addison Street, near Sacramento. The call came into Berkeley Fire Department at 7:12 p.m. about a blaze at 1420 Addison St.
anyone have experience with the ombuds office?
Is there a way to get L&S CS Major Application Essay reviewed by an advisor?
Transfer comp lit majors: what classes are you taking? I don't know what classes to sign up for!
Just wanted to say something in regards to the discourse on this sub.
My Admission Chances for Computer Science? UC 4.08 and SAT 1570
Pools for lap swimming?
Financial Aid for off campus residency?
Freshman orientation starts in a week - any tips?
Anyone know where to get solar eclipse glasses around here?
Samantha Shadrow on cataloging my classmates. The Talker, or the student that cannot keep quiet in class. The Silent as the Night type who is professionally silent. The Metabolizing Maniac, or the person who eats their way through their education. There's also the sweet A-For-Effort student.
UC was forced to drop affirmative action after Proposition 209 passed in 1996. Officials have to rely on "race-neutral" solutions to strive for a student body that more closely mirrors the state's population. Number of Cal black, Latino students declined steeply. Blacks: 3%. Asians: 39%. Whites: 26%
In February, campus graduate students Michael Medford and Danny Goldstein introduced a novel search technique to hunt for Planet Nine. Rather than capturing new images, they are repurposing past data through new software developed with their faculty advisor, astronomy adjunct professor Peter Nugent.
Wheeler Hall — which has been closed since May 2016 to undergo a number of infrastructure renovations — will reopen for the upcoming fall semester. At about 137,000 square feet, Wheeler is home to one of the largest lecture halls on campus and 10% of the campus's general assignment classrooms.
Anirvan Chatterjee: "From storytelling on the streets of Berkeley to the mass murder at the Oak Creek Gurdwara, it's the fifth anniversary of a day I won't easily forget …For years, my partner Barnali Ghosh and I had been collecting stories of Desi activists in our hometown of Berkeley, California."
The stubborn, 20-acre Grizzly Fire in the Oakland-Berkeley hills is now fully out. UCPD are investigating the possibility of arson as the cause of the blaze that broke out early Wednesday afternoon off Grizzly Peak Boulevard, on UC Berkeley property, before spreading into Oakland and Tilden Park.
Haas business and econ double major
Vegan extremists have bullied a mom-and-pop butcher shop in California’s most liberal city into hanging an animal rights sign in the window that the shop owners say amounts to “ethical extortion.”
Five Things You Almost Forgot to Bring to Cal
My Admission Chances for Computer Science? UC 4.08 and SAT 1570
Waiving SHIP with Medi-Cal: Questions
What are some easy ways to get 6 units outside your major for the L&S requirement?
What is greek life at Cal?
6 Upper division units in LS
Desk Dimension in Unit 1
When does Spring Semester start?
CS61b videos are private
What are some internships offered by the school itself?
Which cellular provider should I take when I arrive at Berkeley?
"Brigading of California subreddits?" on /r/bayarea. A poster: "My favorite brigading on Berkeley is people who say I would never let my kids go there. I'm pretty sure if you spend your time brigading online, your kid isn't going to smart enough to go to one of the best universities in the world."
Mayor Jesse Arreguin and District 4 Councilwoman Kate Harrison will co-host a joint Open Office Hours session from 10 to 11:30 a.m. Aug. 5, 2017 at Berkeley Espresso, 1900 Shattuck Ave. They will discuss the City Council's recent achievements and future legislative activities.
Berkeley voted fifth best city in America. College rankings site Niche collects Yelp-style reviews about each city. Out of 52 reviews this year, 49 Berkeley residents gave the city either four or five stars out of five.
A confrontation between Direct Action Everywhere animal rights activists and employees at Comal restaurant in Berkeley ended with a citizen's arrest by a restaurant general manager of protester Samuel "Chase" Willis for battery and trespassing. Willis knocked the manager down with a "chest bump".
One of Berkeley's older homes is for sale. The home at 1416 Neilson St. in the Westbrae neighborhood is one of several remaining original structures on the street. The 970 square feet house is listed for $899,000, a sharp contrast to when, in 1898, Alfred T. Riley sold it to Sallie W. Rose for $641.
From red wagons to Red China: Richard Pontzious and the Asian Youth Orchestra return to Zellerbach. Yehudi Menuhin launched the Asian Youth Orchestra in 1987. It took time to get the ambitious trans-national project off the ground. On Saturday at 8pm, they play Berkeley.
John Fox, who is serving 6.5 years in federal prison for defrauding his Premier Cru clients out of $45 million in wine, is the featured subject on a Monday episode of TV show American Greed. Berkeleyside broke many revelations, and co-founder Frances Dinkelspiel was asked to take part in the show.
how well do transfer students do at berkeley
Racist Bastards spotted near campus
Does anyone else have mixed feelings about Shkreli?
Help getting resident tuition
New York Times: Berkeley's Semester of Hate
Could someone help me connect with the Berkeley student who helped AirBnB make Cap'n McCain and Obama O's Cereal?
How To Start A Protest At UC Berkeley
transfer acceptance odds?
Thoughts on ESPM 6?
Isabel Soloaga: "I probably won't end up working on a farm with a major in art history. While the practical job skills I garnered from my internship are not that extensive, I certainly did gain a new perspective. I learned where to buy tea, discovered people can make a living out of growing basil …"
With a program as dedicated as Cal, it has become normal to see records fall and medals won by Bears at international competitions. Over an eight-day World Championship in Budapest, current and past Cal swimmers combined for 13 medals and several different records.
On Wednesday, days after the justice department reportedly began to investigate discrimination in schools related to affirmative action, Congresswoman Barbara Lee hosted a town hall in Oakland entitled "What do you have to lose?" geared toward African American issues under the Trump administration.
A Thursday morning fire in the building on Fifth Street that produces Café Fanny granola, caramels, and gourmet popcorn gutted a room stocked with about $75,000 of oil and sugar. Fire Chief Gil Dong estimated there was $100,000 in damage.
UCPD arrested Alfredo Bautista, a suspect, Wednesday afternoon for an alleged incident involving arson that occurred on Grizzly Peak Boulevard at 1:07 p.m., one minute after BPD and BFD received a report of "a column of smoke and flames" in the direction of the Berkeley Hills at 1:06 p.m.
A group of students in an honors undergraduate seminar in American Studies taught by English professor Scott Saul has developed a collective website called "The Berkeley Revolution," providing a digital archive of the city of Berkeley's social transformation during the late 1960s and '70s.
I'm an incoming freshman to the class of 21 and due to reasons beyond my control, I couldn't complete my enrolment in July. Can I still complete it or has the time passed? And if so what can I do now.
Schedule Advice
Anyone else's GBO waiver still overdue?
Has everyone heard back from CS Scholars?
Best internet providers?
Just a friendly reminder the little kid in this, Darren Baker, is going to be a freshman on the baseball team this year.
How calculus dependent is Stat 134
Join the Office of Pirate Party Senator Sunny Aggarwal
American Vandal | Official Trailer [HD] | Netflix
Chances of getting into UC Berkeley EECS?
Would anyone get mad if I brought an induction stovetop to the Units to boil water and/or cook small things?
ASUC Advocacy Agenda Revisions
Morgan Robertson: "After this year, I will be done with college, and I will make my way into the real world. The adult world. … And coming up on my last year of college is scary and exciting. I could laugh and cry at the same time. It hasn't even begun but I am already thinking about goodbyes."
A tiny house built in 1926 in Berkeley offers a cozy 600 sqft of living space and has 1 bedroom and 1 bath. The list price is $550,000.
New Cal head football coach Justin Wilcox opened his first training camp on Monday. Wilcox: "It's the No. 1 public school in the country… The last thing we want to do is diminish the value of that degree. Is it harder? Do we have a smaller pool? Yeah, but our players have to be motivated in school."
Berkeley Gazette, Aug. 3, 1942: "Do you think it right to pursue this kind of a tax program in the face of the war? Does the red skeleton of the auditorium mean more to Berkeley than the living flesh and blood of its men in the Philippines, in Australia, in Africa, perhaps soon in Europe?"
UC Berkeley Extension has announced that it will begin offering a new user experience/user interface, or UX/UI, boot camp starting November 28 at its San Francisco campus. This will be the third boot camp launched by UC Berkeley Extension — the other two focus on coding and data analytics.
Cal's new events policy assigns costs to student organizations they weren't previously responsible for, including room rental fees, janitorial costs and building maintenance charges, according to SUPERB's Owen Smith, who believes several student groups will "find it very difficult" to meet standards
should I go for it?
Fall internship
Are you allowed to retake a CS pre-req if you passed the class?
Is taking EE16B while not taking EE16A doable?
How strict is UCB about non-rented fridges/microwaves in dorms?
Witnessed a robbery at Downtown Starbucks (center & oxford)
Berkeley buildings evacuated as fire spreads through E. Bay hills
Campus wide power shutdown due to Grizzly Peak fire
Wildland Fire in Eastbay Hills
Hooking up with a GSI/Graduate Student as an undergrad??
2-Alarm Fire Burning In Berkeley Hills Near Grizzly Peak
Looks like a big fire just east of campus in the Hills
Berkeley lab on lockdown; any info?
Did any of you guys not send specific scores like SAT or Subject Tests that you took to your college?
Steph Curry (Golden State Warriors) stopped by to visit the Cal Men's Basketball team on Tuesday
Local Butcher Shop hangs animal-rights sign under duress to stop protests
[Request] E-book Book from Berkeley Library
Gene Brucker, the Shepard Professor of History Emeritus at UC Berkeley, who is credited with launching a new approach to the Florentine Renaissance, died on July 9 while in hospice care in Emeryville, California. He was 92.
Alumna Mai-Ling Garcia, now a leading digital strategist for the City of Oakland, is profiled as a first-generation college student who found success after studying the humanities. She gained entry to Cal as a transfer student, cobbling together scholarships to complete her degree on a full-ride.
For many UC Berkeley students, affordable housing is elusive. With housing prices so high, many Cal students have to compromise on where they live. Some are sleeping in unsavory conditions. Michelle Rodriguez's room is a room within a room accessed down a flight of stairs without a rail at a co-op.
Café Nostos, a café featuring a variety of authentic Greek pastries, opened its doors for business near Downtown Berkeley on Wednesday. The café is located on 1930 Martin Luther King Jr. Way. Co-owner Yiannis Samaras anticipates the grand opening will be sometime this September.
Zach Cowan retired from his city attorney position Friday after nearly 24 years of service with the city of Berkeley. He will be succeeded by Farimah Brown, a municipal attorney who has worked for various cities of the East Bay.
Berkeley Police Officer Semir Muratovic detained Shawn Anderson, 46, at Telegraph and Dwight Way on June 20 because he matched the description of a man who had just punched another man in the face and left the man without vision in one eye at about 9:40 p.m.
Magic Draft Saturday the 12th
Bands at Cal?
Limited Time Only! Free Parking by Cal Stadium / Greek Theater
Art W23AC Reviews
Video Podcast with UC Berkeley Developmental Psychology Grad Student Mariel Goddu | Bear Minds ep. 10
UC Berkeley's budget
History Majors, did you Double Major/ Minor in Anything?
Good place to get poke for home food preparation in Berkeley
Best Tibetan store?
Any updates on the data science major?
take out food
Dorm vs apartment?
Selling Willie Nelson ticket 8/19 @ Greek
Freshmen Schedule. Thoughts?
Freshmen Schedule. Thoughts?
Do any of the transfer supplement questions hold any more weight than the others?
Dear freshmen: Don't go searching for "easy" classes
New cafe Gadani at 139 Berkeley Square specializes in egg puff waffles — a popular street food in Hong Kong — as well as unique tea-flavored drinks such as rose and lavender lattes. The owner of Gadani, Meagan Tam, is from Hong Kong and said she wanted to "bring something back from home to here."
Subaita Rahman: "The truth is, there's nothing anyone could say to stop someone from being LGBT if that's who they truly are, nor should there be. If my child … is gay, it's not about me. They're just letting me in on their lives, and it's up to me on what type of influence I want to be on it."
E'Niyah Wilson: "Poverty, on UC Berkeley's campus, is feigned to be talked about in a way that is necessary and fluid, even though its presence can disturb an entire room of people. When acknowledged, it is usually grouped into miniature lectures and five-minute sound bits of a professor's opinion."
SPANISH 4/TRANSFER STUDENTS
Last week, Berkeley City Council took preliminary action to prohibit landlords and rental agents from refusing to rent to someone based on their source of income to fight discrimination against low-income renters. Violating the ordinance: a fine of up to $1,000 and or jail time for up to six months.
A Cal Graduate School of Journalism lecturer and 10 other alums have been honored in the latest round of News & Documentary Emmy Award nominations, some with multiple nominations. Alum and Oscar-winner Dan Krauss ('04), a lecturer in the J-School’s documentary program, was nominated for Extremis.
The College Board introduced a new course and exam called AP Computer Science Principles last fall, and, according to new data, the number of underrepresented minorities and girls taking the exam shot up. Some the authorized course materials come from Berkeley's Beauty and Joy of Computing course.
What happens if I get off the waitlist for a class with a time conflict?
How is Ibser for Stat 134?
Chances of getting into ISF 100A?
Business Clubs
I applied to the University of California as an exchange student. I was told that UC was going to choose my final destination. Anyone with more information on how they will choose?
Stat 20 vs 131A
How often do you grocery shop?
Use Of National Society of Leadership and Success
Volunteer with WriterCoach Connection to Help Students in East Bay Public Schools
Dorm vs apartment?
21st birthday venue suggestions
CS &amp; Applied Mathematics Double Major
It's that time of year -- plagiarism in cs61a.
Did AC transit end the 49 route?
Ohlone Dog Park ALERT
Taking the discussion before a lecture?
Peet’s in Berkeley, which opened in 1966, was a major inspiration for national chains that came to prominence in the 1990s, such as Starbucks and Caribou, before Peet's went national itself.
High-yield bonds moving with the ebbs and flows of U.S. earnings announcements tend to predict stock returns for a slew of issuers. That's the conclusion of a paper by Cal's Omri Even-Tov, who looked at bond returns that followed 19,518 quarterly earnings announcements of 770 firms from 2005–2014.
Danielle Hilborn: "The South, setting aside the heatstroke-inducing weather, is incredibly beautiful. The sunsets in Texas spread across a sky so big, you can't see it all at once. Mist rolls around the hills of Virginia in the early morning."
Becky O'Malley: "Local outrages are not so easy to miss. Around here last week in certain segments of the online opinionate there's been justifiable outrage about the fact that Berkeley has no public toilets open 24/7, which is hard on people who have no homes and therefore no private toilets."
ISIS supporter Amer Sinan Alhaggagi, 22, a Berkeley High School graduate, was indicted by a federal grand jury July 20. He conspired to kill 10,000 people across the Bay Area by methods such as planting backpack bombs in UC Berkeley campus dormitories and setting fire to the Berkeley Hills.
At 8 in the morning on Sunday, July 30, a male fell victim to an attempted robbery, assault with a deadly weapon and battery in People's Park south of campus. The suspect lunged at the victim with a knife but missed him. The victim held onto his phone but was punched twice in the face by the suspect
when in the fall semester do midterms usually fall? how bad is it to miss one whole day of school?
What is the most interesting philosophy class you have taken at Berkeley?
Where do you get/buy acid?
Is my freshman schedule too hard? (L&amp;S CS)
How fast is the internet at Berkeley?
If we want to drop a class with 0 repercussions, whats the latest we can do that?
Get a chance to win a $25 Amazon gift card by completing this survey for my summer project about an education product similar to blackboard!
Get a chance to win a $25 Amazon gift card by completing this survey for my summer project about an education product similar to blackboard
Get a chance to win a $25 Amazon gift card by completing this survey for my summer project about an education product similar to blackboard!
How Barbara Lee Became An Army of One
How's the housing situation here?
Question about Public Health (and Epidemiology) majors?
Quality of teaching
If I wait until the adjustment period to add 61B, will I be able to get off the waitlist?
Duncan Haldane and Justin Yim at UC Berkeley's Biomimetic Millisystems Lab, led by Professor Ronald Fearing, have made the new Salto-1P robot jump longer, faster, and higher than ever thanks to some mechanical fine-tuning and the clever addition of a pair of thrusters.
Anantha Chandrakasan, head of MIT's EECS department, has been named dean of MIT's School of Engineering. He earned his bachelor’s (1989), master’s (1990), and doctoral (1994) degrees in EECS at UC Berkeley—the latter two after being rejected from MIT’s graduate program, he notes with a laugh.
Hundreds of families attended the Berkeley Kite Festival, a two-day event that draws thousands of people, as children watched their parents fly kites, grabbing ahold of the handle once the kites soared above them.
Police responded to a report of gunshots in the Berkeley Marina area, at the foot of University Avenue near the Berkeley Pier, at about 3:40 a.m. Saturday. Once there, officers located "at least one victim" suffering gunshot wounds and an unoccupied car that had gone off the roadway.
Avanti Mehrotra: "This National Dance Day, I don't need a reason to dance, besides that it makes me happy. While dance has brought me blood (in the form of disgustingly large blisters), sweat and tears, it's an art form I never want to stop learning…I just wish 8-year-old me had seen this sooner."
UC Berkeley is USA Today's top US college for sociology majors. The undergraduate program offers a variety of classes ranging from global health and social justice to innovation and entrepreneurship. Graduates earn an average starting salary of $49,000 and an average mid-career salary of $78,000.
What is the most interesting history class you have taken at Berkeley?
Thoughts on ESPM 6 w/ Ignacio Chapela?
Can you go to discussion section that it's not what you signed up originally.
EPS 80
Applying to transfer
Physics Majors: 7 series to 5 series
Art W23AC Reviews?
Waitlisted Class Swap?
Fall schedule: 2 technicals, 1 breadth, and 2 two-unit elective courses. Am I wasting my time by taking 2 elective courses?
Will changing discussion sections waitlist me for a class?
Samantha Shadrow: Greek life should die quickly. The backlash The Daily Cal writers (including myself) receive when criticizing the Greek system indicates the system itself is not only unwilling to change, but hostile to anyone that dares to address the many issues they suffer from and perpetuate.
Amer Sinan Alhaggagi, 22, is an Oakland man indicted on terrorism charges for attempting to provide support to the terrorist group ISIS. Alhaggagi had a goal to kill 10,000 people and target the UC Berkeley campus as well as San Francisco's Chinatown, downtown and Mission Street.
When Brianna Brandow and David Seiler bought 3127 Harper Street in 2012, they paid $250,000 for what was a basically uninhabitable domicile. That house is for sale again at $645,000. Circa 1906, this two-bedroom, one-bath Berkeley Bowl Victorian cottage is just 901 square feet.
On Tuesday, UC filed an appeal of the U.S. Patent Office's decision last February that the patent claims to CRISPR by Feng Zhang of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard do not interfere with those put forth by Cal biochemist Jennifer Doudna and her European collaborator, Emmanuelle Charpentier.
Marian Diamond, one of the founders of modern neuroscience who was the first to show that the brain can change with experience and improve with enrichment, and who discovered evidence of this in the brain of Albert Einstein, died July 25, 2017, at the age of 90 in Oakland.
A proposal to build 43 condominium units at the Claremont Hotel and Spa is facing stiff opposition from neighbors, as well as questions from a historical preservation group. Bryan Grziwok: "You wouldn't build a condo on the White House lawn. Why would you build it on the Claremont parking lot?"
Berkeley City Attorney Zach Cowan retires today after 24 years. Cowan only once had to defend Berkeley on something he disagreed. He had given his clients legal advice they had rejected, and then he had to argue a position he did not believe in before the court. The court ruled against Berkeley.
499 late-notice retractions of admissions offers at UC Irvine for transcript issues or poor senior-year grades. UC campuses vary in their cancellations, with UC Berkeley, UC San Diego, and UCLA usually revoking "a handful" of acceptances each year, while others may retract more than 100.
I am number 7 on the waitlist for a class with 36 spots. Do I have a chance of getting in?
Thoughts on my schedule?
CS Dept says they have no record of my major
Exclusive Screening of Crown Heights + Criminal Justice Panel at the Shattuck Cinemas in Berkeley
Do crosslisted courses have two separate waitlists or one?
Can I enroll in Chem 3B during Adjustment?
Does UC Berkeley have an undergraduate accountancy major?
Workload for CS 61C + CS 70
Burglars steal $25,000 worth of electronics from graduate school of journalism
class registration for simultaneously occurring sections (CS61A)
Isabel Soloaga is … vacationing with Grandma: "When I decided on [Cal], my grandmother took me out for a celebratory dinner at Skates on the Bay, an upscale restaurant with phenomenal views in the Berkeley Marina. Although I grew up only an hour away from here, I thought I'd never been to Berkeley."
Hidden on the north side of campus, locked behind a metal-grated door but visible if you know where to look, are 900 feet of UC Berkeley's mining history. The door leads to the Lawson Adit, a mine shaft blasted into the Berkeley hills—directly across the Hayward fault—over 100 years ago by students.
Alex Sharenko: Berkeley's approach to housing crisis doesn’t match its goals as a "progressive" city. "We have plenty of room in our city for new residents seeking to better themselves and contribute to our community as taxpayers, neighbors and friends, but I'm not sure we have room in our hearts."
The Berkeley zoning board is set to vote Thursday on whether to approve use permits for two new housing projects featuring more than 100 units between them. Staff says the Zoning Adjustments Board should approve use permits for both projects — but the ultimate decisions will be up to the board.
Kiara Robles, the woman who filed a $23 million lawsuit against 16 defendants, including Cal and George Soros, has as "a tactical decision" dropped her lawsuit. During a brief phone call on Thursday, Robles' lawyer Larry Klayman threatened to sue Berkeleyside, too, if he didn't like the article.
Cal is set to receive over $400,000 in surcharge funds from Mark Twain Commemorative Coin Program. Jeffrey MacKie-Mason, the University Librarian: "This will enhance the vast collection of materials by and about Mark Twain, accessible both in print and online, and further inquiry and discovery."
Does UC Berkeley have an undergraduate accountancy major?
Help, about to transfer to Cal but no housing
Will there be free tshirts at berkeley?
Best On Campus Food
My Admission Chances for Accounting/Statistics? UC 4.08 and SAT 1570
Fin Aid- will not disburse?
A Travel Film of my time in California.
Anybody have any idea why enrollment in Econ C181 (International Trade) with Wood is so low?
Chances of getting into a 400 person class where the waitlist exceeds open seats by 70 people?
Ippudo Berkeley opens Friday. Feast your eyes on these bowls of ramen
I've had a really rough time transitioning from Berkeley's liberal environment to corporate life. Experiencing jarring culture shock and need advice. Thanks!
Please help a suffermore with her schedule
Problems obtaining 2015 IRS Federal Tax Transcript. Should we visit Oakland IRS office in person?
FBI alleges Berkeley High graduate, ISIS sympathizer, planned to set fires, plant bombs
Health Insurance
Win 2 free tickets to any 1 of 11 shows of Desi Comedy Fest (Bay Area, California) {US} Giveaway ends 8/6/17
Ariane Wolfe, who works at the UC Berkeley College of Engineering: Seeing BPD compassion in action. An early-morning encounter in a Berkeley coffee shop between a man who looked like he might be one of Berkeley's too-many un-homed residents and some police officers prompts a response.
In the early morning of July 17, Northgate Hall — which houses Cal's Graduate School of Journalism — was broken into and robbed of about $25,000 worth of electronic equipment. Police are now reviewing video footage that caught the suspects on camera. The robbery occurred between 2:40 and 5:10 a.m.
Under a new University of California hiring policy, prospective university employees will no longer be asked about prior convictions in their initial employment applications. This push to "ban the box" will take effect just over a year after Cal became the first UC campus to institute the policy.
Cal mathematics professor emerita Marina Ratner, 78, a Russian-Jewish émigré who defied conventional belief that mathematical genius is the purview of youth, died. Performing her greatest work after 50, she proved an influential dynamics theorem that helped two mathematicians win the Fields Medal.
Campus community reacts to President Trump's ban of transgender individuals from U.S. military. ASUC Senator-elect Juniperangelica Cordova, who also identifies as a member of the transgender community, expressed in an email mixed reactions to the president's announcement.
What takes 10 months and 178 pages of administrative record? Approving a sign in Berkeley. Berkeley Council approves SkyDeck sign for downtown building. Finacom had appealed "This is an issue of whether Berkeley's skyline is for sale for advertising purposes. This signage sets a terrible precedent."
New Housing in Spring?
Tech conference run by hs students in Milpitas on Aug 12, with CEO of Reddit, CEO of HP, and top VCs coming; tickets only $15 for students
Choosing a fourth class
As a non-CS major, do I have a chance of getting into CS 160?
Should I take Math 54 or EE 16A? (L&amp;S CS)
Easiest decal you have ever taken?
Does Math 1B not have a waitlist?
Econ 101A waitlist, chances to get off?
Getting tickets to Ole Miss game
Can't Drop Class
How are the Unit 1 halls, specifically Deutsch Hall?
Waitlist #6 for Mechanical Engineering 191k. Do I have a chance to get In?
Wishing Trees date back centuries. There's a modern incarnation on Capistrano street in Berkeley. Hundreds of handwritten notes hang from the tree's branches. People have written song lyrics, positive aphorisms and wishes on little notecards, hoping that their message will send out positive vibes.
Many Berkeleyans know the Thorsen House on Piedmont Avenue, just south of International House. It's one of the grand "ultimate bungalows" built by the renowned Arts and Crafts architectural design firm of Greene and Greene. In 1942, the house was sold to the Sigma Phi fraternity.
Christie Aguilar: "As Cal changes sponsors from Nike to Under Armour, the unifying symbol amongst the uniforms that have been released thus far is the Sather Stripe. In addition to the stripe, there has also been a font change and a return of the classic block "C" logo."
Judge Kimberly Colwell on Friday ruled the city of Berkeley must allow the construction of three new housing units on Haskell Street in a case that has dragged on for two years and seen neighbors accused of being Nimbys (Not in my Back Yard) pitted against self-described Yimbys (Yes in my Back Yard)
New organization asks East Bay residents to open their doors to the homeless: For media studies major Autumn Leigh Shearer, graduation didn't feel joyous. She applied to over 100 jobs assuming her prestigious education could land her a stable income but most were not accessible for a blind employee.
A Berkeley resident was tidying up her living room 4:30pm Monday when a bullet shot into her home all the way across the room, missing her head by a foot and creating holes in two different walls. The resident, a life coach with a Ph.D in psychology, is grateful she has studied how to handle trauma.
Berkeley set to strengthen its 'sanctuary city' protocols
So how exactly does one join clubs?
Some very cool tie-dyed Cal gear
Warning to all new students:
What are some things every new Berkeley student should know?
Where can i weigh myself for free?
CS Scholars vs. CS Mentors for CS61A
ART W23AC time conflict
Is it still possible to change to a different residence hall?
If you're using the GoBike service, be aware that many of the stations on the map are not there yet!
Richard Dawkins Event Canceled Over Past Comments About Islam
Shanna Farrell, an oral historian at UC Berkeley's Oral History Center: East Bay bars have a staffing problem. The bar scene in Oakland and Berkeley is ever-growing, but so is the problem of finding dedicated, experienced employees.
A pediatric clinic and advice service affiliated with UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital has moved from Oakland to Berkeley. The UCSF Benioff Children's Physicians (UBCP) East Bay pediatric After Hours Clinic, previously at 5700 Telegraph Ave in Oakland, is now at 3000 Colby St. Suite 301 in Berkeley.
William Turner, who tried to give a baby a mystery drink at North Berkeley's Ohlone Park in June, has been charged with annoying or molesting a child, authorities report, after several bizarre run-ins with local kids in recent months.
Subaita Rahman: One day in middle school, I saw a girl coming out of her mom's car with a hijab on. She ducked into the bathroom as soon as the Camry was out of sight and quickly ripped off her hijab, ruffling her hair and meeting her friends outside who had just walked up and were none the wiser.
Tyler Barnum and Jonathan Morris: "Unless you stand up and take part in your community, your elected officials will only answer to the privileged homeowners and push rental affordability for students, young and low-income residents from unreasonable to impossible."
A fire was reported at Tan Kah Kee Hall's 5th floor on Monday to UCPD about 7:40 p.m. UCPD and Berkeley Fire Department officers then evacuated the building and inspected it to ensure it was safe. Corrie Hemenway, a campus student, said the following evacuation interrupted her Physics 7C midterm.
Anti- Abortion activists organize at Sproul Plaza on Monday
[OC] "Why I have Crush on UC Berkeley" An incoming freshman's perspective
UC Berkeley Cross Enrollment
Pro-birthers chalk derogatory messages on Sproul
Here is my list of best restaurants in Berkeley. I challenge you to find better ones!
Questions about Sociol C167 with Edwin Lin
Medical cannabis grow sites are now almost legal in West Berkeley
"Biology of the Living World" class @ Merritt College in Oakland! Great for folks who love plants and animals, and want to learn more. Enrollment deadline is Aug 7!!
CS Scholars vs. CS Mentors for CS61A
ART W23AC time conflict
UC Berkeley Computer Science and Astrophysics Double Major
Andrew Yen, a Daily Cal copy editor: "I would like to put forward a point of debate that would most certainly get me crucified by language prescriptivists. 'Irregardless' belongs in the English language, and deservedly so. … I live my life as a hypocrite."
The Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) will lead a new $9 million project aimed at removing technical barriers to commercialization of enhanced geothermal systems (EGS), a clean energy technology with the potential to power 100 million American homes.
BFD, BPD responded to a fire Sunday on the roof of The Metropolitan apartment building on Durant, and furniture and planter boxes were on fire. The cause of the fire was unknown, but residents are known to go to the roof deck to smoke, and there are no ashtrays there, so they use planters instead.
Urban Cycling 101 from 1 to 3pm Aug. 5 at 209 Dwinelle Hall: Bike East Bay and UC Berkeley Police Department hold a free, indoor bicycle skills workshop that teaches basic rules of the road, and how to equip your bicycle, fit your helmet, avoid bike theft, ride after dark and prevent common crashes.
Gene Brucker, a professor emeritus in the campus's history department, died in hospice care at the Bayside Park senior retirement center in Emeryville on July 9. Brucker was 92. Specializing in early modern European history, Brucker came to the campus in 1954 and taught until his retirement in 1991.
Pieology Pizzeria's Berkeley location closed its doors Monday after three years of operation. Cal alum Carl Chang, the founder and CEO of Pieology, cited the ongoing construction on Telegraph as having impacted Pieology's ability to serve their guests. It was only making enough money to cover rent.
What's happening at the Civic Center Park (in front of City Hall) right now? Lotsa cops around.
Tips for maximizing social life at Foothill?
Anyone hear gunshots in West Berkeley early morning 7/23?
Visiting student: how to maximize my time?
Best way to make sure my bike doesn't get stolen
How hard is it to transfer dorms? Incoming freshman trying to transfer from Foothill to Unit 1 or 2
How can I find a good singing teacher here?
Daily Cal Archives. Audrey McNamara on Ron Enfield: "Dec. 3, 1964 @DailyCal front page features Free Speech Movement sit in, photos by @ronenfield. Students contended themselves with singing folk songs, playing cards or just studying while a Charlie Chaplin film was featured on the second floor."
Joyce Carol Oates on Twitter on May 1, 2017: "In Berkeley security is no joking matter. burglars don't dare ascend narrow winding roads of Panoramic Hill."
San Francisco Chronicle editorial: "Give UC Berkeley credit for learning from the past year's intensive course in free speech and right-wing provocation. … its approach to the latest controversial invitation strikes the right tone by making unfettered expression the clear priority."
Nari Rhee, director of the UC Berkeley Labor Center: Don't believe your kid's teacher would be better off with a 401(k) than a pension. A 401(k) plan provides 40% less retirement income. "Traditional pensions attract recruits to the profession and keep experienced teachers in the classroom."
The NBA's Summer League will certainly end up being impactful on the potential careers of quite a few former Bears. Jaylen Brown, Jabari Bird, Tyrone Wallace and Jorge Gutiérrez all participated in the Summer League. Fellow Cal basketball alumnus Ivan Rabb was sidelined by a pre-draft ankle injury.
Police arrested Ye Vang, a 37-year-old man, near the Cal campus after a woman said he grabbed her breast. She told a UCPD officer at 1:15am she had been walking when the man came up to her. The officer the man had long black hair and a goatee, and was wearing jeans and a "leopard skin jacket."
Robert Reich
EE149 vs EE106A?
Matthew Graves, 29, of Berkeley, the first person ever to be convicted of human trafficking by a San Mateo County jury, was sentenced Friday to 34 years to life in prison. Police arrested Graves in December 2015 after his 16-year-old victim ran from Red Roof Inn in Burlingame and found an officer.
Mistakenly lost my position on a waitlist
Samantha Shadrow: "Like Harvard, the UC Berkeley administrators ought to consider abolishing sororities and fraternities once and for all…For all of the reasons I mentioned and so many more (rape culture and binge drinking, to name a few), administrators ought to put an end to" an antiquated system.
Born in Syria and raised in Kuwait, Maen Mahfoud came to US to study medicine at Cal. Expecting to find a rich country where all were doing well, he was surprised by what he encountered on the streets. He started Re-Plate, which diverts one million pounds of excess food from companies to shelters.
The median home price in Berkeley is now more than $1 million. SF $1.5 million. Palo Alto: $2.5 million. $4-million-and-up properties in the East Bay are few and far between. The Berkeley version of Hearst Castle — 1960 San Antonio Ave., a Beaux-Arts-style mansion, is on sale for $7.5 million.
Patio transformation with some fake grass for my doggo
Fran Rachel died in June 2017 after celebrating her 100th birthday at Strawberry Creek Lodge in Berkeley. Her first job was in a factory where she was fired after one week for attempting to organize female workers. She moved to Berkeley at age 79 so she could be in a community of like-minded people.
Cal officials are drafting a new policy aimed at getting ahead of future disputes when student groups invite controversial or incendiary speakers to visit the campus. The policy is likely to require eight weeks advance notice on space requests, accompanied by publicity materials.
Not all of my AP Scores are in. Should I be concerned?
Housing guaranteed for transfer student? Who didn't receive a housing offer still?
Is there anyway to have relatives in a foreign country pay for tuition? (With me being a domestic student)
Found Student ID at Livermore/SF Outlets
Pirate Party Mid-Summer Update
Opinions on Undergraduate Class Rings?
Drop and P/NP
Is there some kind of PO box for students at Berkeley?
Anyone taken Film R1B?
UC-Berkeley Bans Ben Shapiro From Speaking on Campus
Campus launches new research support website. The campus library launched a new website July 13 which compiles resources for campus researchers.
Berkeley County inmates finding peace in jail garden
Residents evacuated as fire breaks out in north Berkeley. A fire broke out in a garage in an alleyway between Rose and Spruce streets, prompting police to ask residents to leave their homes.
Berkeley’s Sugarlogix is engineering a sugar that’s good for you. Currently on hot desk at UC Berkeley accelerator SkyDeck, this startup is making prebiotic sugars, ones that promote good gut health.
Center for Inquiry Calls Cancellation of Richard Dawkins Berkeley Event Baseless and Unconscionable
Math 53 full?
Pirate Party Mid-Summer Update
Richard Dawkins deplatformed at a book talk in Berkeley for “abusive speech” about Islam on Twitter
Best place to buy Vinyl?
Between Wednesday and Saturday, young poets will come to showcase their art throughout the city of Berkeley in the Brave New Voices Slam as part of the Brave New Voices International Youth Poetry Slam Festival. The quarterfinals will be held at locations including BAMPFA and Berkeley City College.
A San Leandro man was sentenced today to 16 years in state prison for fatally shooting a man in West Berkeley. Krishna Ferreira, 26, was charged with murder for the shooting death of 24-year-old Dustin Bynum outside Bing's Liquors in the 1800 block of San Pablo Avenue at 9:15 p.m. on Aug. 1, 2013.
Isabel Soloaga: "Ravenous, we stumbled upon a beer garden called Brotzeit Lokal. … our party remained at the restaurant for four hours … unable to move for our exploration of the sausage selection. Your typical Friday afternoon — three gay women gnawing unabashedly through a menu of vegan sausages."
BPD report indicates racial disparities in policing. Black residents in Berkeley are six times more likely to have force used on them, six times more likely to be pulled over for a traffic stop and three times more likely during a vehicle stop to be subjected to a search by BPD, compared to whites.
Chinese firm making foray into the US acquires apartment site and will build in Berkeley. Gemdale Properties and Investment has acquired a shovel-ready 84-unit apartment site in Berkeley. The project planned for the site will be the only multifamily community in the area with rooftop solar panels.
Be the Change is a podcast series hosted by Savala Trepczynski, executive director of the Thelton E. Henderson Center for Social Justice at Berkeley Law. The series highlights people who "embody, and therefore model, a progressive and subversively compassionate way of being a human being."
The Graduate (1967) scenes shot on Sproul and telegraph
What happened to pieology on telegraph
RSF access for poor recent grad student?
ISO engagement photographer in/around Berkeley
IEOR Major?
College Republicans' speaker can come on requested date, Cal says now
Reversal: UC Berkeley said it will host, pay for, Ben Shapiro event
Police mourn after officer suicide. A veteran Berkeley police officer died over the weekend and the death appears to have been a suicide, according to an internal department memo.
Mountain Lion Spotted Near UC Berkeley Campus
Trial ordered after near-deadly double shooting in South Berkeley. "I didn't think I was going to get shot, but that's what happened," testified Janelle Davis on Wednesday.
Berkeley Lab to Lead Multimillion-Dollar Geothermal Energy Project
YAF claims campus blocks Ben Shapiro appearance | The Daily Californian
Berkeley free-speech fight flares up again over Ben Shapiro
Accepted a job in Berkeley, what area should I look to rent a room at?
LPT: Never summer sublet to Irish students on the J1 visa.
BPD holds inaugural community forum
New test distinguishes Zika from similar viral infections
Berkeley offers reserved seating for football season
Defense department pours $65 million into making CRISPR safer
Pat Crawford, Cal adjunct professor in public health: Energy drinks are killing young people. It's time to stop that. Last week, a 16-year-old tragically lost his life after consuming an energy drink, a soda and a latte all within a few hours. His heart couldn’t cope with the amount of caffeine.
Telegraph Media, the downtown Oakland publishing company that owns Oakland and Alameda magazines and The East Bay Monthly, has purchased a controlling interest in the East Bay Express, the Bay Area's premier alternative newsweekly.
Painter and muralist Juana Alicia is one of two Berkeley artists in the running to design a specialty California license plate supporting reproductive rights. They'll be sold by DMV if a bill currently in the state legislature becomes law, and proceeds will go to a state reproductive health program.
New $50K Berkeley literary prize aims to help mid-career novelists. The new Simpson Family Literary Prize is going to T. Geronimo Johnson, a Berkeley author. Simpson Family Literary Project is a partnership between the Lafayette Library and Learning Center Foundation and Cal's English Department.
Morgan Robertson: To speak with my hand. "When I feel lonely, defeated or stressed, I go through periods of silence … I am the cursor on the blank document. I am the voice in my chest screaming on the inside, pleading for someone to hear me. I am waiting to be moved, inspired, encouraged to write."
Last week, the UC Board of Regents filled two systemwide positions by approving the appointments of a new UC provost and executive vice president for academic affairs (Michael T. Brown) and chief compliance and audit officer (Alexander A. Bustamante) at UC Office of the President.
(4th year) Where the hell do we search classes now?
Quick question about desks and monitor mounts.
Berkeley middle school teacher Yvette Felarca arrested on charges of inciting a riot
How useful is CS10?
ABET accreditation for joint majors?
UC Berkeley BLOCKS Shapiro Event At University On September 14. Shapiro Vows To Fight Back
When Gerti Muho, 33, a 2012 graduate of Berkeley Law, was fired in 2013 from his Wall Street hedge fund job, prosecutors charged he pulled a real-life "Office Space," stealing all the information on the company's computer server and trying to siphon millions of dollars from hedge fund bank accounts.
Ippudo, the chain restaurant brainchild of "Ramen King" Shigemi Kawahara, will open its doors July 28 in Downtown Berkeley at 2015 Shattuck Ave. It is the first West Coast restaurant opening of the Japanese ramen chain with more than 100 outposts worldwide in over 10 different countries.
Monday night's community forum with the Berkeley police included a Q&amp;A with Police Chief Andy Greenwood that touched on militarization, staffing levels, traffic violations, the budget, political protests, policy changes and more. Berkeleyside live-streamed the meeting on Facebook.
Former SF resident Katherine McCobb filed a complaint against Berkeley psychiatrist Lloyd Willey for $70,000 on "conversion therapy" over an eight-year period. Complaint: He told McCobb her sexual orientation as a lesbian was unnatural and pathological and attempted to change her sexual orientation.
Michael Fuss, a campus alumnus and activist, died July 10 from cancer. Fuss was 72. Fuss was the former assistant director of the Cal's Physically Disabled Students' Program, or PSDP — today known as the Disabled Students' Program.
Chemistry professor John Hartwig and post-doctoral researcher Konstantin Troshin have come up with a quick and easy way of testing and analyzing chemical reactions using Excel spreadsheets and ordinary chemistry lab equipment, potentially revolutionizing processes in chemistry labs.
Smallest Campanile
Inbox now works with @berkeley emails
Does bus 79 loop at El Cerrito?
Why do some class numbers have a C at the beginning?
Free Swag?
Is there any academic disadvantage for students in L&amp;S CS compared to EECS?
BART opens Clipper-only entrance on south side of Downtown Berkeley station
Plea hearings for Ismael Chamu, Peter Estrada postponed until August. On Tuesday morning, Alameda County Superior Court Judge Yolanda Northridge postponed the plea hearings of Ismael Chamu and Peter Estrada.
The Well Café offers a healthy dose of alternative healing in its food and drinks. Expect handblended herbal teas, house-made golden milk, reishi roast "coffee," and nourishing eats at this new café on Telegraph Avenue.
Berkeley illustrator for ‘Rad Women’ books may design pro-choice license plates. Miriam Klein Stahl is one of three artists whose designs promoting reproductive rights could appear on special California license plates.
Homeless camp to city of Berkeley: We want a bathroom. About 100 South Berkeley residents showed up to a town hall organized by Councilman Ben Bartlett to discuss a homeless activist encampment and its demands for a portable bathroom.
Greek life
In the Bay Area, the explosive growth of tech industry has led to escalating rents, opening a tough debate over gentrification and brutal commutes for workers. Lori Droste, a Berkeley Councilmember: "Cities that deny housing are contributing to skyrocketing rents, unfair evictions and homelessness."
Berkeley Police Cheif Promises More Officers to Stop Antifa
Already a leader in LGBTQ services, UC Berkeley's Tang Center this fall is adding two new services covered by student health insurance for its transgender students: Fertility preservation and hair electrolysis.
UC Berkeley has been awarded $21.6 million to help federal scientists develop an implantable system to provide precision communication between the brain and the digital world. UC Berkeley's four-year contract is one of six awarded a contract by DARPA, funded by Obama's 2013 BRAIN Initiative.
Berkeley City Council unanimously passed a proposal for spending $2.5 million a year to build more transitional housing for homeless residents — and officials say they plan to put a measure on the 2018 ballot to help pay for it.
Betty Olds, 96, who served on the Berkeley City Council for 16 years, died July 16. Olds lived in Berkeley for 67 years. Memorial Stadium tree protest in 2007: Even though Olds was in her late 80s, she climbed into an 80-foot-high tree in the grove that was slated to be cut down.
Subaita Rahman: "For a lot of Muslim girls, our relationship with boys must remain nonexistent up until we hit college or graduate, and after that every guy we associate with must be a possible husband. Muslim Student Association events at college are hunting grounds."
Anthony Boodrookas at the University of California Botanical Garden: "Walking along the rocky path, I began to feel less like a protagonist in my own story and more like a minor character in Marybeth's: the curious young English major that she met briefly during her years as a wandering docent."
Questions about Stebbins co-op
Best place to hang a hammock on campus?
Bayer HealthCare opens new $100M testing facility in West Berkeley. By building state of the art labs, Bayer HealthCare has made its largest investment ever in West Berkeley.
What are some good places in Berkeley to trip on LSD?
UC Berkeley students charged with vandalism but not hate crimes. Two students police tied to vandalism and anarchist graffiti near Cal were captured on camera spray painting, and found with paint stains on their hands, authorities said.
how effective is selling tickets for concert at greek theatre via free &amp; for sale on fb?
Canceled AP tests overdue on CalCentral
Canceling AP Test on CalCentral
Greek Life
Public health major advice
What happens if you P/NP a prereq for your major?
Public Health Major Advice
Drug Testing and Work Study?
The first of four community forums sponsored by Berkeley Police Chief Andrew Greenwood is on Monday, July 17, 2017 from 6:00pm to 9:00pm at the Berkeley Adult School (1701 San Pablo Avenue). The forum will be structured to give attendees an opportunity to engage staff from throughout the department.
The first of four community forms sponsored by Berkeley Police Chief Andrew Greenwood is on Monday, July 17, 2017 from 6:00pm to 9:00pm at the Berkeley Adult School (1701 San Pablo Avenue). The forum will be structured to give attendees an opportunity to engage staff from throughout the department.
Danielle Hilborn: "I have hated Texas, and I have loved Texas. I realized I was gay there. I was baptized there. Almost every life-changing event I've undergone has in some way been tied to Texas. It is both a beautiful place and an ugly place, and to know it is to have seen both."
Around 2:40 a.m., officers responded to the intersection of Dana and Durant streets where a man had grabbed and possibly groped a victim before stealing property from her. The suspect is an African-American male wearing a dark T-shirt and jeans with short dreadlocks and a grill on his lower teeth.
Vernard Lewis, an urban entomologist whose work has had a lasting impact on insect pests around the world, has retired. UC Berkeley's first African American entomologist, Lewis published 150 papers and delivered over 700 presentations on termites, bed bugs and cockroaches during his 35-year-career.
Steve Blank, lecturer, Haas: Forced relocation of an ex-student's 70-person team from Palo Alto to East Bay. "Over the next six months 55 of the 70 employees in his group that were asked to relocate left. 25 of them joined his new startup. And of the other 30 who left? Six new startups were formed."
On Sunday afternoon, a local activist group called Berkeley Citizens Action hosted several Berkeley City Council members — as well as Mayor Jesse Arreguín — for a "Progressive Town Meeting" to outline policy goals and organize support for progressive organizations in Berkeley.
The founders of Caviar, a delivery service company, plan on opening Chick’n Rice, a Thai casual dining restaurant, on Center Street later this August. The restaurant will focus on a traditional Thai dish, khao mun gai, and feature grilled chicken, pork or tofu over rice with a sweet sauce.
Computer science Summer undergraduate research - Open to non Berkeley students?
When is the RSF not packed during the school year?
Anyone know if they have already announced the leadership scholarship recipients?
Berkeley "Antifa" student arrested for “felony vandalism causing $400 or more in damage, the commission of a hate crime, hate crime enhancements and conspiracy.”
Joyce Carol Oates on Twitter on May 3, 2017: "exceptionally good writing in Berkeley university paper The Daily Californian. Column by undergraduate Imad Pasha on depression &amp; writing"
William Sachs Goldman, 38, who held a doctorate in European history from Cal, died in a small plane crash that injured his two children and their nanny. He was a pilot who loved flying his private five-seater plane, sometimes for Angel Flight West, a charity that transports critically ill patients.
Berkeley teachers will receive a 1% bonus and subsequent 1% raise if a tentative two-year contract agreement with the Berkeley Unified School District is approved later this month. The agreement is the product of a few months of negotiations between the Berkeley Federation of Teachers and BUSD.
On Tuesday, Berkeley School Board member Judy Appel formally announced that she will run to represent the 15th Assembly District seat held by Tony Thurmond, who has decided not to seek reelection. The seat includes Berkeley, Albany, Oakland, Emeryville and Piedmont in Alameda County.
A 5-year-old Berkeley girl, Mayalyia Booker, and her mother, Laquita Davi, who police believe took the child a day prior, were found safe in Pittsburg on Saturday. Mayalyia's father has custody of the child. Davis, who is homeless, does not have any visitation rights, police said.
Betsy DeVos, Secretary of Education, draws ire from Berkeley students for campus sexual assault meeting. Hayley Krieger, a Cal junior who was sexually assaulted during freshman year: "I just don't think it's appropriate to be meeting with people who have such a victim-blaming mentality."
cs61a waitlist
Info on Math 191?
Multivariable Calculus: Math 53 at UC Berkeley PRINCIPLES OF MODERN CHEMISTRY 8th Edition
Police: 3 shot, 2 arrested near UC Berkeley
Gunshots at Channing and Bowditch
Samantha Shadrow on different types of professors: stranger in a foreign land (visiting professor), I don't give a fuck (a.k.a the tenured teacher), Prom queen, Mr. Relatable, and The Golden Oldies (professors who had a whole career outside academia and decided to teach because retirement is boring)
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Four days before Berkeley City Council voted to continue the Urban Shield police training program…Only a week later, BPD faced new allegations of racial profiling from UC Berkeley student Ismael Chamu. In Berkeley and beyond, policing systems are invariably broken."
Frank Worrell, a professor of educational psychology at UC Berkeley's Graduate School of Education, heads up the school's Academic Talent Development Program of summer camps for students in grades 6-12.
Wanna take some math classes, a low unit one would be preferred
UC Berkeley visiting professor David Peterson is this summer teaching students how to speak and write like characters in the hit TV series Game of Thrones. Peterson: "There have been lots of theft-worthy ideas that I've seen from my students. They've come up with some good stuff."
A second UC Berkeley student, 21-year-old Peter Estrada, was arrested Friday on suspicion of hate crime, vandalism. He is being held on $85,000 bail on suspicion of the same crimes Ismael Chamu, 21, is alleged to have committed. Both are set for arraignment Monday.
Op-Ed: eSports must be taken seriously among growing demographics. Most people don’t imagine gamers — especially competitive gamers — as highly intuitive and collaborative individuals.
Berkeley police: Help find missing girl abducted by mother. The Berkeley Police Department is looking for a 5-year-old girl taken Friday by her mother, who has “diminished capacity,” authorities report.
Berkeley police respond to gunfire call. Police responded to West Berkeley after gunfire reports from the community that may have involved two vehicles.
61A is destroying my life. I need advice.
Anyone know how to get a new farmers market event? Been trying to find anything and coming up short.
Freshman schedule and enrollment question
BPD: Missing Child: Mayalyia Booker, BF, 5 yrs old, 3'6 - 4', thin build, brown hair, brown eyes. She was wearing a black shirt, black pants &amp; grey tennis shoes. She was last seen at 3:14pm with her mother with diminished capacity, Laquita Davis, BF, 34 yrs old, 5'8, 172lbs, brown hair, brown eyes.
BPD: Missing Child: Mayalyia Booker, BF, 5 yrs old, 3'6 - 4', thin build, brown hair, brown eyes. She was wearing a black shirt, black pants &amp; grey tennis shoes. She was last seen at 3:14pm with her mother with diminished capacity, Laquita Davis, BF, 34 yrs old, 5'8, 172lbs, brown hair, brown eyes.
BPD: Missing Child: Mayalyia Booker, BF, 5 yrs old, 3'6 - 4', thin build, brown hair, brown eyes with short hair in twists. She was wearing a black shirt, black pants &amp; grey tennis shoes. She was last seen at 3:14pm with her mother, Laquita Davis with diminished capacity, BF, 34 yrs old, 5'8, 172lbs
UC Berkeley student arrested on suspicion of hate crime, vandalism
Berkeley police forums start Monday. The Berkeley Police Department is kicking off a series of sessions designed to improve community relations and let locals get up close with BPD staff.
Free event Tonight (Friday)! Music, Art, Food and vibe
Isabel Soloaga on Fourth of July party with the Dolores family. "A few glasses of wine into the party, Grandma Gillian's piercing scream silenced the room. … From [my girlfriend] Charlie's lap, [the baby] Ryan had tumbled toward the soft fleece mat where Charlie and Ryan's mother sat."
Berkeley, A Look Back: Wartime introduces city to rent control July 1, 1942. "No landlord may now charge a rent higher than that prevailing on March 1, 1942. Any tenant who for personal reasons, privately agrees to pay more than the legal rate is equally guilty of evading the law."
Janelle Brown's "Watch Me Disappear" has all the elements of a blockbuster in the vein of Gone Girl. Set in Berkeley, the novel starts a year after Billie Flanagan, the wife of Jonathan and the mother of Olive, has disappeared while on a solo hike in Desolation Wilderness. Brown attended Cal.
Median price for a Berkeley home now $1 million. Adolfo Cabral and Dorothy Cox bought their Berkeley home in 2000, and after economizing and making extra payments, "we have quite a bit of equity," Cox said. Experts caution tapping home equity is something a homeowner should approach carefully.
Joshu-Ya Brasserie, once a popular Japanese sushi restaurant on Dwight Way off Telegraph Avenue, has closed and reopened as Kyushu Ramen. First opened in 1978, Joshu-Ya was one of Berkeley's original sushi restaurants.
The UC Board of Regents discussed a substantial program that aims to reduce administrative costs and unanimously passed the 2017-18 budget, which totals $800 million. Almost half is allocated for central and administrative services including finance, operations, regent officers and public affairs.
Cal Summer Picnics in SoCal
Dropping Classes
Front Wheel?
Tune up a bike?
Math 1A Teachers
Best steak?
A Capella at Cal?
Pre-College Jitters
Is it possible to still do decently in my classes with this many conflicts?
DeCals to fill units or try luck with Waitlist
Social life for freshman in mini suites?
How risky is it to go into the year with 11 units with the intent of enrolling in a 2-3 unit decal
Motorists beware: Berkeley votes to expand parking enforcement
UC Berkeley braces for new showdown over conservative speaker
How can I spoil my wife (in Berkeley) for her birthday?
Best way to find a physics tutor??
Ben Shapiro to speak at UC Berkeley come September
Experience with switching within College of Engineering? (into MechE)
Prospective Econ major needs help
(Satire) All Students Get Desired Classes
(Satire) All Students Get Desired Course Sections
Only have 10 units as in incoming junior transfer... help
Marie Jobling, Cathy Spensley and Susanne Stadler: With the number of older residents growing, Berkeley must design for their well-being. There are steps Berkeley can take – like increasing the pedestrian signal time at intersections –that will make it a more amenable place for older residents.
Fledgling peregrine falcon Lux, one of two chicks born on UC Berkeley's Campanile in May, died Tuesday after flying into a window on the 10th floor of Evans Hall on campus. Lux, so named by the campus community in a Facebook survey, took her first flight last week and had been successfully flying.
The Cal Alumni Association has been sued by its former Associate Director of Student Scholars Melissa Barker, who alleges CAA retaliated against her after she reported to her supervisors discrimination concerns of a Muslim student intern who was fired by CAA Alumni Scholars Program Director Anh Tran
The California State Controller recently published data showing that compensation of fire and police personnel in Berkeley reached a high of about $313,000 in 2016. The paychecks of top earners were dominated by overtime pay, resulting in several annual wages over double the employee's regular pay.
For Berkeley entrepreneurs, success means leaving the classroom. Eric Munsing, a civil and environmental engineering Ph.D. student at UC Berkeley, is part of a nascent startup that's working to figure out how to charge fleets of electric cars — and to come up with a marketable product.
UC Board of Regents added four new members this week, including Berkeley alum Lark Park, a senior policy advisor to Gov. Jerry Brown. She earned her undergraduate degree at Cal, and is the only Asian American regent. She says she hopes to focus on access, affordability and quality for all students.
When are decals posted?
r4B waitlist
Is Econ a North or South campus major?
Best breadth class you took at Cal?
MPA program at Goldman
Schedule as a freshman?
Parties at Berkeley
Parking spot?
Upper div/graduate introductory language courses?
Easy breadth class: Italian 40 or Italian 120?
CS 61a 🤔
Single Payer Healthcare, free movie and discussion on July 22nd in Oakland
UC Berkeley offers the option of enrolling in Bio 1A/1B equivalents at Mills College to self-identified female students
Should I say I'm "juinor" or "senior" in my resume if I'm graduating this year?
I think I didn't graduate; senior residency
How do I see whether or not my degree has been posted to my transcript without paying for an official transcript?
Battery disposal in Berkeley?
STEM fashion: Looking for ideas for photo locations in Berkeley and beyond
Three robberies on BART involving groups of teenagers in last 3 months. Videos not released because "To release these videos would create a high level of racially insensitive commentary toward the district. And in addition it would create a racial bias in the riders against minorities on the trains"
How to be readmitted back to Berkeley for Fall 2017?
Has anyone taken L&amp;S 25?
What are some fun 1-2 unit classes that still have open seats during adjustment?
FPF Student - Should I take Math 1B over 1A?
Camryn Bell, the night editor: "it is so alarming to see a nationwide trend of publications laying off their copy editors. …Even though journalism is changing, our readers still demand and deserve accuracy for the best content possible. And that's why The Daily Californian's copy desk still stands."
Berkeley College Republicans invited conservative Ben Shapiro to speak at Cal September 14. BCR hosted a similar event with Shapiro in 2016. BCR External Vice President Naweed Tahmas: This event will test Cal administration and whether it "caves" to what he called the "demands of the violent left."
Cal football: Chase Forrest, Ross Bowers to battle for starting quarterback spot. Redshirt junior Forrest has the the card of experience in his deck and has seen more time in games than Bowers. Bowers, overall, had a better performance in Cal's first outing of 2017.
When it comes to colleges that give students the most for their money, UC Berkeley ranks fourth among 711 schools evaluated nationwide by Money magazine, up one step from last year's fifth-place showing. Stanford ranks fifth.
With the launch of bike sharing in Berkeley Tuesday morning, cyclists can now pick up a ride in one location and drop it off in another, without dealing with the hassles of schlepping and storing their bikes. The reincarnation of Bay Area Bike Share, Ford GoBike, brought five stations to Berkeley.
Mayor Jesse Arreguín pledges to "re-earn" Berkeley's progressive reputation in his first State of the City address. The mayor recalled how he fell in love with Berkeley when he visited Cal, where he became the first in his family to graduate college. He thanked his parents, who were in attendance.
Upper-div engineering class that I can self-study?
I am currently enrolled in 11 units in l&amp;s. I am thinking I am going to enroll in a 2-3 unit decal to fill the units. Is this plan ok or do I need to enroll in at least 13 units of classes?
Reserved seats for enrollment by permission only?
physics classes
Is 17 units/the classes im taking too bearing as a freshman?
Class registration, waitlists, and more fun stuff
Can't Swap Classes on CalCentral
Math 53?!!
Italian 40 vs Italian 120
Does anyone know anything about INTEGBI C82
Confusion regarding 10% rule of thumb.
I am number 86 on the waitlist for Anthropology 3AC. Can anyone comment on my chances of getting in?
Anyone have a Rhetoric R1B syllabus from past years? Ivy Mill's would be preferred but any R1B syllabus will do.
@Seniors, who are you voting for as the 2018 spring commencement speaker?
waitlisted for almost ALL my classes! yay!
Didn't get into a class for my major. Help?
Missed Important Class While Registering
Getting off R1A Waitlist
Shapiro To Speak At UC Berkeley, Challenges Administration: Don't Hide Behind Antifa
How do I get into EE16A?
Getting of R1A waitlist
Quick question about waitlisting secondary sections
Freshman thoroughly confused on how the waitlist works
Schedule advice
Instructor Consent Required to enroll in Chem 1A?
I just spent a week on the Stanford campus and I've never appreciated the uniqueness of and the variety in the Cal campus more. I love this place.
Internship overlaps school
How to get into classes with open sections but reserved seats?
Win 4 free All Out Comedy Theater tickets in Oakland
Reserved seating = sign up for it during Phase 2?
Is there a way to use financial aid towards Independent Study Abroad?
Feedback on my Fall Schedule (FPF Program)?
I just spent a week on the Stanford campus and I've never appreciated the uniqueness of and variety in the Cal campus more. I love this place &lt;3
I am an incoming freshman for undeclared engineering. Any advice for my schedule would be greatly appreciated.
Chances for Haas?
Subaita Rahman: "Whenever I speak about Islam, I mean my Islam, which is, believe it or not, not the same as the Islam practiced by Islamic extremist groups, even if they go by the same name. … In short, people really should start to give Muslims the benefit of the doubt."
Residents of the East Bay, as well as elsewhere, are opening their homes to refugees through Airbnb's recently launched Open Homes program. While a Brooklyn host was the inspiration for a disaster relief tool, another, unlikely person helped with the development of Open Homes: President Donald Trump
Provocative Donald Trump supporters who've declared Berkeley a home base in their fight for "free speech" marched around the city waving a Trump flag Saturday, hoping for reactions from "normy" liberal residents. It's the latest indication right-wing groups continue to view Berkeley as a focal point
Iris (ChiCheng) Chong, a fourth-year: "If you are a student at UC Berkeley, you have experienced the frightening emails from [UCPD] popping up in your inbox and you've ended up reading it in a cold sweat because you were right there on that same street when a terrible crime happened next to you."
Women's gynmnastics: Yuleen Sternberg's meticulous efforts earned her a 9.825, ultimately sending the Bears back to their first NCAA Championships since 1992. When she was seven years, she attended classes at Golden Bear Gymnastics in Berkeley before moving to Japan, Australia, and back to Berkeley.
Carol Christ decided not to live in the pricy University House mansion occupied by former chancellors. She explained she already has a Berkeley house she loves. Another cost-saving announcement: She and other senior leadership will forego raises next year, as Cal whittles down its budget deficit.
Walking from Dwinelle to Pimentel Hall.
Berkeley named #1 meme school in America
How is Gaston Trujillo for Stat 133 or Stat 154?
Grant $ (Blue/Gold Grant &amp; Berkeley UG Scholarship) reduced after updating housing status?
In general do reading and composition classes have a final? Also, how fast do those classes fill up?
A few questions on UC Berkeley J-School. Connections? Professional services?
UC Berkeley Solar Car Team wins 1st at Formula Sun Grand Prix!
Why on berkeleytime do some classes that don't have 100% enrollment have huge numbers on the waitlist?
Wanted to to ARCH 110AC, Rejected but classes say open..
Trump supporters' 'experiment' meant to provoke Berkeleyans on Saturday
EE16A Waitlist Chances?
Is this a doable schedule for my first semester as a transfer?
SHIP waiver
How is Murali Stoyanov for stat 20 ?
Cal Football unveils new Under Armour uniforms for 2017 season
A Class that will help explain how to use programs for youtube Ex. Adobe Premier Pro
Choosing classes based on the grade distribution
I am an intended economics/pre-business major. My first semester schedule looks like: Math 16B, ESPM 50AC, Italian 40. I need to add one more elective. Any suggestions or thoughts on my schedule?
Difference between Sociol 3AC and XSociol 3AC??
Stat 20 w/ Adam Lucas OR Stat 131a w/ Seema Saharan?
Berkeley named the #1 business school in America
Data 8 with Stat 88
Help! Struggling with planning schedule
Fall admit, taking summer class
How does the waitlist work??
Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín will hold his first-ever state of the city address July 10th from 6-7:30 p.m. at the Berkeley Repertory Theater in Downtown Berkeley. He is expected to cover the accomplishments of his new administration — which took office last December — and address future strategies.
UC Berkeley's School of Social Welfare received a $3.4 million Centers of Excellence program grant from the Health Resources and Services Administration to fund its new Latino Center of Excellence. The grant will be used to help fund the center's recruitment practices and research opportunities.
The cost of free speech: UC Berkeley campus typically allocates about $200,000 each year to manage protests, but in fiscal year 2016-2017, it spent $894,000 responding to protests. Protest-associated costs in preparation for anticipated April 27 demonstrations against Ann Coulter totaled $122,000.
Maker's Common, a new cheese and charcuterie market and restaurant, will open Thursday on University Avenue. Maker's Common is an extension of San Francisco's Mission Cheese, which has served the SF community assortments of American cheese, salami plates and grilled cheese sandwiches for three years
Graffiti on June 28 targeting "white people," "cops". Councilmember Kriss Worthington: "The part of Berkeley around campus is very racially mixed and and I don't think there is a majority ethnic group in the campus area. It's ironic (the perpetrator) could be doing this to people of color's cars."
A woman was battered sexually Friday at 8:55pm on the Dwinelle Lot, a parking lot at Cal. She was near the parking lot's northeast corner steps when a man grabbed her butt under her shorts. He is Hispanic, in his 20s with a thin build, medium complexion, shoulder-length hair and stubble on his face.
Tang Center Cost
CEE to EECS schedule help?
How important is it to have a suit for clubs?
Entitled People
Taking CS 70 without EE 16A/16B
Freshman in Wada
Question about AP Scores and Declaring a Major
How does enrollment work for phases?
How to meet (semi-famous) Berkeley photographers?
Physics major help
Reviews on Fine Arts Building?
How to meet (semi-famous) Berkeley photographers?
Late night study spot recommendations? (Not too noisy or cramped)
Poli Econ vs. Econ for banking?
EECS 101 Piazza. New policy: "Effective Fall 2017, the College of Engineering will not accept change of college applications for the EECS major." "There has been a lot of internal discussion about separating EE and CS amongst both faulty and staff, but the decision has been to keep them together."
Concurrent enrollment for computer science
UC Berkeley was the lone Northern California school in the top 50 for spending for NCAA athletics. Cal made $81,653,024 while spending $103,381,770 in 2015-16. The disparity between its revenue and expenses is reflected in its ranking among all NCAA schools – it was 26th in terms in expenses.
Lily Zhang, a UC Berkeley junior, wins fourth national table tennis championship and $8,000. She called her title a testament to what can be done while being a full-time psychology major. Zhang, 21, hadn't lost any of her four matches at the USA Table Tennis 2017 Supermicro National Championships.
A strong-arm robbery happened Friday 9:51pm at West Crescent. The victim walked towards UC Berkeley campus, and as he approached Springer Gate, he was kicked and robbed by teens who had followed him from BART. The suspects are Black, between the ages of 15-16, and wearing black hooded sweatshirts.
Paul Alivisatos, an internationally renowned chemist and Cal's vice chancellor for research, is Cal's new executive vice chancellor and provost. The role combines Cal's No. 2 job, essentially the chief operating officer, with that of chief academic officer representing the campus's faculty.
Watch: Baristas craft cappuccinos at Highwire Coffee in Berkeley. In this edition of Berkeleyside's short-video series, Handmade East Bay, Melati Citrawireja documents Highwire baristas Reath Ros and John Herr at work.
Chance of getting into econ 100A
CalCentral not letting me add/remove classes?
How is my first-semester freshman schedule?
Incoming l&amp;s junior transfer interested in changing majors
Is programming at Berkeley worth pursuing if I do badly/miss CS 3.3 cutoff?
Readmitted students?
Berkeley Alumni, where are you now after graduating - and what did you major in?
deeply regret college choice.
Physics 5A Syllabus
Does anyone have a link to (or copy of) a syllabus for Physics 5A? I'm curious about how much the course content differs from the old honors mechanics course H7A. Thanks!
Looking for a barbershop
SHIP Insurance?
MCB and Psych Double Major?
Readmitted students?
Samantha Shadrow: "Taking an introductory sociology and economics class probably won't tell you a lot about what upper-division classes will be like, much less what a career as a NPR sociology correspondent or J.P. Morgan accountant will be like. So what’s a confused student to do? Take time off…"
West Berkeley's vibrant Fourth Street retail district, which sits amid an industrial zone, has long been known for its original and locally owned specialty boutiques, making up the only true shopping nexus the famed college town has. There is a 24,000-square-ft expansion project with upscale stores.
Physics 7b Syllabus
PSA: Newly admitted non eecs COE majors interested in eecs
Luis Rojas, a 38-year-old Yuba City man, has been charged with gun and drug violations after police found him at a Berkeley construction site behaving "erratically." Rojas, a field worker, entered not guilty pleas Wednesday, according to court records online.
Berkeley teens get creative with marshmallows to help young Ugandan orphan half a world away pay for boarding school. Ollie Krause, 14, his sister Mei Mei, and friend Andrew have built twenty computer-designed, 3D-printed, compressed air-powered, semi- (of fully) automatic marshmallow launchers.
Berkeley research: Smelling your food makes you fat. Obese mice who lost their sense of smell lost weight. What’s weird, however, is these slimmed-down but smell-deficient mice ate the same amount of fatty food as mice that retained their sense of smell and ballooned to twice their normal weight.
Becky O'Malley: "Just in case you were wondering why it takes 40 minutes to drive across Berkeley, when 20 used to be plenty … why you can’t find a place to rent that you can afford, despite the readily visible building boom….look no farther than 'UC Berkeley admissions up again since last year'"
Reshetikhin or Gomez for Math 1b?
Back-to-back classes in different halls?
Premed Major Advice?
Math 10 vs. Math 1 Series
READ THIS NOW COMP SCI PEOPLE
Honestly tired of STEM majors putting me down
Are there any good stores for used/vintage videogames within walking distance of campus?
UC Merced's subreddit
Are there any plans to expand UC Berkeley
Are there any plans to expand UC Berkeley?
Upcoming transfer applicant: how do I fare and how can I better my chances?
regretting college choice.
CS 10 vs. CS C8
Getting off the waitlist for Psych 2
Is it advisable taking physics 7B in the first semester?
David Williamson, 71, died of heart failure. He attended UC Berkeley from 1964 to 1968, earning a criminology degree. Years ago Williamson wrote a memo entitled "Dave's Demise," where he said he did not want a memorial service. Instead, he wanted a rock-and-roll party at the UC Berkeley Faculty Club
Isabel Soloaga: "The opportunity to see how others live their day-to-day lives is one reason I am such a fan of Airbnb… The service provides an affordable way to stay away from home; for me and Charlie this weekend, the service provided a getaway close to home but far from the pressures of college."
Cal baseball will welcome back former pitching coach and major league pitcher Mike Neu to become the 11th head coach in the program's history. In his first go-around with the Bears, spanning from 2012 to 2015, Neu earned a reputation around the Pac-12 as both a premier pitching coach and recruiter.
Racial profiling allegations. Because of his detainment by BPD, Ismael Chamu said he missed scheduled interviews for both a fellowship and a scholarship. Chamu said he was also unable to go to his shift at the restaurant he works at and believes he has lost his job because of the unexpected absence.
In its freshman admissions, Cal admitted 0.4% fewer California residents this year as compared to last year — 9,715 students — while admission for out-of-state students jumped 28% to 4,490. The 2017 freshman class has students from all 50 U.S. states, 49 of California's 58 counties and 74 countries.
University of California, Berkeley officials have offered freshman admission to more than 15,500 high school students for the 2017-18 school year, a 7.6 percent increase from 2016-17. More offers were made to first-generation college students and underrepresented minority students than in 2016-17.
Are grad students generally more open to having kids and dating?
Any keto &amp; low carb food options/hacks in Berkeley?
For the first time in recent history, UC Berkeley's acceptance rate falls behind UCLA's: 18.3% to 16.1%. Nice going guys!
Signing up for classes in another country/timezone ?!?!?!
Any intercampus transfers out there?
Resources for the Diff. Equations section of Math 54?
[EVENT, Sun 7/9 @ 10 am] Summer birds at Lake Merritt! Come and see who's here for the season.
Does it matter when I accept the unsubsidized and subsidized student loans?
CS8 related for EECS/CS students
Making gains at Cal
Any rec for driving instructors?
Thoughts on skipping straight to math 16B as incoming freshman
Best math for prospective Econ Major?
What makes MCB so challenging?
A group of students in an honors undergraduate seminar in American Studies taught by English professor Scott Saul has developed a collective website called "The Berkeley Revolution," providing a digital archive of the city of Berkeley's social transformation during the late 1960s and '70s.
Chancellor Carol Christ hired a social worker to help alleviate homelessness in the city. She said Cal will first develop a plan to help the homeless who live in People's Park, and then think about potentially building student housing. Christ: Will respect historical significance of People's Park.
With the population of the Bay Area projected to reach 9.5 million by 2040, new housing construction needs to return to levels of production not seen since the 1980s to support the best scenario of sustained economic growth with new job creation and affordable housing.
Karen Galatz: A young woman experiencing homelessness in Berkeley helped me and I didn’t help her in return. How could the encounter have gone differently? "Hey, you, wait. I helped you. Now help me. I need money." Galatz's response: "Sorry, I don't have any change."
A recent spate of crimes, including two assaults, at People's Park in Berkeley sent three people over four days to the hospital. In the past three years through June 25, there were 99 arrests involving alcohol, drugs and/or violence in the park area.
Alameda County does not make arrests on the basis of immigration status, but officials do provide federal authorities with some information about undocumented residents held in the county jail, Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told an emotional crowd at a town hall meeting Friday evening.
WTF was the boom 15 mins ago ???
Physics 5 or 7 series?
Best boba places in Berkeley?
Best Boba in Berkeley?
Berkeley police say recent Southside vandalism was also 'hate crime'
Street parking longer than 2 hours
Someone 'hacked' Clark Kerr Group Me
Question about Data Science C8
How bad is it if I missed the final transcript deadline?
How to meet Berkeley photographers?
Selling Cuisinart Slow Cooker!
Advices on Math 54 and EE16A order?
Advices on Math 54 and EE16A order?
Can I take CS61B before CS61A?
Have you been to Adventure Playground at the Marina? Kids can build there own forts with real tools: hammer, nails, saws. Kind of dangerous but fun!
Any suggestions on good seminars open for freshman?
Choosing Professors Help!!!
Study tips for CS70 MT1
Do classes start 10 min late?
Happy Fourth
Berkeley Police Chief Andrew Greenwood will be hosting a series of four Community Forums over the summer and into early September. The first will be in West Berkeley on July 17, 2017 from 6:00pm to 9:00pm at the Berkeley Adult School (1701 San Pablo Avenue).
How to combat the increase in racist violence in local communities is the theme of a forum to be hosted by a group of activists on July 9 at the North Berkeley Senior Center, 1901 Hearst Ave. "United Against Hate," will start at 3:30 p.m. and go until 6:30 p.m.
In its 149-year history, UC Berkeley has never had female leadership at the very top — until Chancellor Carol Christ. Christ joined Cal faculty for the first time in 1970, when only 3% of her colleagues were women. Christ doesn't see her gender as a definitive factor in her identity as chancellor.
Cal's chancellors: Clark Kerr (1952–1958), Glenn T. Seaborg (1958–1961), Edward Strong (1961–1965), Martin Meyerson (1965), Roger Heyns (1965–1971), Albert H. Bowker (1971–1980), Ira Michael Heyman (1980–1990), Chang-Lin Tien (1990–1997), Robert M. Berdahl (1997–2004), Robert Birgeneau (2004–2013)
Cal's chancellors: Clark Kerr (1952–1958), Glenn T. Seaborg (1958–1961), Edward Strong (1961–1965), Martin Meyerson (1965), Roger Heyns (1965–1971), Albert H. Bowker (1971-1980), Ira Michael Heyman (1980–1990), Chang-Lin Tien (1990–1997), Robert M. Berdahl (1997–2004), Robert Birgeneau (2004–2013)
Bird experts expected a pair of baby peregrine falcons born on UC Berkeley's iconic Campanile to fly for the first time in early July, inspiring a nearly round-the-clock "fledge watch" on the ground below. About 4:30 p.m. on Monday, one of the fledglings flew awkwardly off the tower.
UC Berkeley on Twitter with a photo of the Campanile: "Happy 4th of July, everyone! 🇺🇸 #july4th"
Would it be unusual to live in a co-op my very last semester?
What are some good classes centered around learning new software/programming skills?
Summer Session Meet up 2017
GRAPHIC Project Monarch Exposed In Detail This Was Hard To Make.
Questions about Co-ops
What makes Berkeley great?
You cannot paint a suspect for a crime without DIRECT police verification. There is no vigilante justice, or speculation for that matter, in this subreddit. Direct quotes and direct verification from law enforcement. Report threads you think are breaking the rules.
Can anybody answer some questions about IEOR?
UC Application question regarding citizenship
Parking?
Residents in the Southside neighborhood near Cal experienced a rash of graffiti on vehicles and gates Wednesday morning, and 17 vehicles had their tires slashed. They were spray painted with Anarchist symbols and slogans like "F$%# white people", "Class Warfare", and "FTP" (Fuck the Police).
The UC Board of Regents has appointed UCLA's Rafael "Rafi" Sands as its first ever student advisor to the regents for the 2017-18 year. The board also announced its nomination of Devon Graves, a UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Studies doctoral student, as the 2018-19 student regent
Daily Cal Editorial Board's open letter to Carol Christ: We hear you might build student housing on People's Park. But you must realize how much this community cares about that sacred place. With the homeless inhabiting the park, building on People’s Park is effectively displacing displaced people."
Ben Gould: City Council is obstructing the construction of new homes, so it is up to Cal to take the lead. Chancellor Carol Christ needs to chart a visionary path forward — a path that can accommodate Cal's need for growth while meeting the needs of students and the community for additional housing.
Chancellor Carol Christ, whose previous experience at Smith College didn't involve high-profile athletics, insisted in a sit-down with The Daily Cal that "Cal Athletics have to have a balanced budget by 2020. … it's corrosive for any unit to exist with a deficit that the campus ignores for decades."
Two male victims were treated at an area hospital after a weekend assault and robbery at People's Park. At 11:06 a.m. Sunday, one victim was sitting in the park when a suspect hit him in the back of his head with a piece of wood. After he fell to the ground, the suspect took the victim's backpack.
Loud popping sounds. Gunfire? WTH is going on?
Looking for feedback on my first semester @ Cal schedule
Cal student, Ismael Chamu appears to be a suspect in tire slashing and racial graffiti that took place the night he was detained
How do I?
Clemson, Cal leading the way in career training
College Transcript Transfer Deadline for Incoming Freshman
Any physics majors on here?
Does anyone need a parking spot? (Southside)
GM is bulking up on software developers and other high-demand talent it doesn't want to lose to Silicon Valley. It's hiring 100 people a year out of Cal, 50 from Stanford and 40 from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In the past virtually no one from those elite institutions applied to join GM.
In UC's 149-year history, just eight professors have lost tenure. Many more have voluntarily quit when pressured to do so. New rules: If the harasser is a faculty member with tenure, a referral, if appropriate, must be made within 40 days to the faculty panel that decides whether to revoke tenure.
Both county officials and leadership in cities like Oakland and Berkeley appear to have been caught off-guard by the homeless crisis. Samatha, 22, who is 8 months pregnant and been homeless for 5 years is living in an encampment on the corner of Cedar and 2nd streets in Berkeley.
Armando Morales-Cuevas, 41, who worked as a chef at a restaurant in Berkeley, was sentenced to 116 years to life in state prison for four counts of intercourse with a child age 10 or younger. He married the girl's mother in 2007 and was the only father figure she's known and she called him "Dad."
Cal filed a motion Wednesday to dismiss a lawsuit for their past handling of conservative speakers' planned campus visits. Berkeley College Republicans' Naweed Tahmas: "While I am happy [Cal] has finally realized their draconian policies need reform, it does not excuse them of their past actions."
New Chancellor Carol Christ will be responsible for a campus that has been heavily criticized for its handling of sexual misconduct. As an English professor (1970–2002), she was faculty assistant to the chancellor for the status of women and Title IX compliance coordinator (1983–1984).
Mezzo, formerly known as Cafe Intermezzo, and Raleigh's restaurants at the intersection of Haste Street and Telegraph Avenue reopened Tuesday after a fire destroyed both restaurants in November 2011. Sequoia Apartments, the apartment complex above the restaurants, burned for almost 17 hours.
As 'fake news' flies, UC Berkeley students verify and document
UC Berkeley and UC Riverside scientists demonstrate a gene-editing technique that could drive out mosquito-borne diseases
How Berkeley chancellor Carol Christ plan to reduce deficit
UC Berkeley research suggests an ancient algorithm to help Siri and other digital helpers grasp metaphors
UC Berkeley grad's 'speech to unite the world' inspires millions
I'm in FPF. Should I take Math 16A in the fall or wait till spring to take it on campus?
Transfer: Major Courses P/NP
Incoming ME exchange student looking for advice
Is it possible to apply for funding for an independent research project as an undergrad?
CS 10 vs. Stat C8/CS C8/Data 8
Summer in Berkeley
Way to get Student ID aside from CalNet?
Dan Siegel, 71, a second-year law student and president-elect of ASUC in 1971, sparked the historic march from Sproul Plaza down three blocks to People's Park. Siegel now: It has now become this somewhat forlorn urban park… if Cal turned off its Wi-Fi, they'd get bigger demonstrations than for it.
The Human Rights Center at UC Berkeley's School of Law is hosting 35 young people at a first-ever summit for students being trained worldwide to review and verify digital content—typically videos shot by citizens who witnessed atrocities—that could help human rights lawyers prosecute war criminals.
What the fuck is going on outside?
Elisa Cooper, 47, a South Berkeley activist died unexpectedly in her home. In the 2000s, Cooper pursued her doctorate at UC Berkeley focused on science history. But she ran into financial difficulties. Her home was burglarized and her computer—with her dissertation on it—was stolen. She gave up.
What the fuck is going on outside?
Cal student Ismael Chamu's arrest on Frat Row prompted racial profiling questions. Detained for 39 hours, he said BPD officers "mocked me repeatedly for 'not speaking English'" and that a sheriff's deputy later "Mocked me … saying 'Tu no Hablas Espanol o inlges tu little Frijol, you a little Bean'."
Carol Christ's journey at age 73 to academia's "impossible" job. Christ stayed on as Smith president a year longer than initially planned even though her husband, former Cal English professor Paul Alpers, had cancer. Alpers died May 19, 2013, the day of her final commencement as president of Smith.
Carol Christ, 73, is not only the first female chancellor, but also the oldest chancellor the campus has ever had (not just at the time of appointment, at any time).
Carol Christ became UC Berkeley's 11th chancellor Saturday. ASUC President Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris said in a Facebook message it is up to Christ to change the dynamic of students "feeling unappreciated" during their time on campus because "Universities exist for students, not the other way around."
Legal Studies Major
Best gyms on campus?
What to do on July 4th?
Why do people drink? Social life for nondrinkers?
Help choosing a Philosophy Elective
Anyone know of an open area with a bunch of flowers in bloom around Berkeley? Looking for a photoshoot location.
Declaring alternative major?
"Do they make fun of my eyebrows?": Dirks learns of meme status in final days as chancellor
Samantha Shadrow: "I moved to San Francisco thinking I'd somehow make a ton of friends and have my own social life beyond the Berkeley Bubble…I only have two close friends, one being my boyfriend. … It's an obnoxiously expensive city made expensive by the oftentimes obnoxious, pompous tech workers."
Dr. Jerome M. Adams, a Berkeley alum and Indiana's health commissioner, has been nominated to be the nation's next surgeon general. Dr. Adams received his master's degree in public health at Berkeley in 2000. He's been outspoken about the need to address the opioid epidemic.
Carol Denney, the Human Rights Editor for Street Spirit: UC Berkeley's plan to build housing in People's Park is not the first time the university has proposed to interfere with the historic site, and we will rise up in protest again. When the bulldozers come for the park, we are ready to dance.
A kitten stuck in the wheel of Katie Bertsche's car last week hung onto all of its nine lives, surviving a ride across the Bay Bridge from San Francisco to West Berkeley. The semi-feral kitten will need to be socialized and grow a bit bigger before being spayed or neutered and put up for adoption.
Last spring, on a kindergarten field trip to Berkeley’s Aquatic Park, Berkeley mom Yasi Haerizadeh’s 5-year-old son ended up next to the Union Pacific train tracks during a hide and seek game because of a broken chain-link fence. It's still broken and the city says it does not know who it belongs to
Berkeley, already among the most expensive places to build in the East Bay, just raised the price tag for developers who do not include affordable units on site. It already costs nearly $500,000 per unit to build apartments in downtown Berkeley, according to analysis from consultant Mark Rhoades.
Economics vs Political Economy
Comnecting PS4 through Ethernet
Should I take Phyiscs 7A and chem 1A?
EE16A not recommended for incoming L&amp;S CS freshman?
Which R1B class should I take (freshman)?
Advice for double majoring in CS and Business Administration
Question about classes and discussions.
Danielle Hilborn: "People love hearing coming out stories. People either assume that I met resistance from my family (I didn't) or that I led a tortured childhood (nope). … It was far more terrifying and nerve-wracking coming to the conclusion that I no longer believed being gay was a sin."
Isabel Soloaga on the San Francisco Pride celebrations: "Nowhere had I felt safer in expressing my love of another woman than there, in the middle of San Francisco, in the middle of a dancing, inebriated crowd, with a snake around my neck."
Stanford University and UC Berkeley have once again been named as two of the most reputable universities in the world by Times Higher Education, an organization that compiled invitation-only surveys completed by senior-level and established academics. Berkeley is number 6. Stanford is number 3.
UC Berkeley is asking a federal court to dismiss a case alleging the university violated the First Amendment when handling plans to bring controversial speakers to campus. Cal said the Berkeley College Republicans and Young America's Foundation's claim that Cal stifled free speech is unfounded.
Police arrested Jason Holman, 35, of San Pablo and Laquon Walker, 24, of Berkeley, two probationers with a stolen gun midnight Sunday during a car stop. Walker has been arrested before in Berkeley, including in 2015 on suspicion of vehicle theft and felony battery with serious bodily injury.
John Benson provides repairs and loaner chairs to Berkeley's disabled population He is one of the many long-time employees of Easy Does It, a city-supported nonprofit launched by disability rights advocates in 1994. It took off after Berkeley's Measure E created a property improvements tax.
Elective suggestions?
mental health and parents
Can't enroll in classes for Phase 1
Win 4 free Best of San Francisco Stand-Up Comedy tickets
RSF Gym
Why didn't anyone tell me about these places when I attended Cal? They could've been great for me to bring dates to!! I wish I had explored Berkeley more instead of attending sporting events every weekend with my friends.
When do people usually buy/find textbooks?
Balancing Co-op and Sorority?
The second annual NBA Hackathon will take place in New York City from September 23rd to September 24th. Students accepted to the Hackathon will work for 24 hours building tools to solve challenging problems from the NBA league office.
Business Frats/DSP
How CRISPR Yanked Jennifer Doudna Out of the Ivory Tower: Her life changed profoundly after her co-invention of gene-editing technology CRISPR-Cas9. With Sam Sternberg, she co-authored a book about her journey, called A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control Evolution.
Jennifer Doudna's life changed profoundly after her co-invention of gene-editing technology CRISPR-Cas9. With Sam Sternberg, formerly a member of her lab's team, she co-authored a book about her CRISPR journey, called A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control Evolution.
At its meeting Tuesday, City Council approved item 52, which urges Berkeley Police Chief Andrew Greenwood to release the first annual report on data regarding racial discrimination. Greenwood insisted at the meeting that the analysis of the data was "incomplete and in error."
Founded 30 years ago by a group of women concerned there were not enough services that focused on homeless women and children, the Women's Daytime Drop-in Center (WDDC) is set up to be a respite from the tough life on the streets, a place women can come to eat, recharge, and get help.
First They Came for the Homeless, a group protesting the criminalization of homelessness, has camped out at the "Here There" sign at the Berkeley-Oakland border for several months. The lifespan of the tent city is notable in the wake of a string of clear-outs of the group's previous encampments.
How people living on the streets in Berkeley find their food. On a Monday, one can get an early meal at the Christ Church on Cedar Street from the Dorothy Day House, then, walk over to McGee Avenue Baptist Church for a noon meal and finally head to People's Park for a 3pm meal with Food Not Bombs.
A possible first in Berkeley: Housing for the homeless in People’s Park. A conceptual plan has been drawn up by UC Berkeley that would see the construction of both student housing (200–350 beds for undergrads) and separate "long-term indigent" supportive housing (50–60 people) in the storied park.
Jaylen Brown back visiting Cal! - "As soon as I took my first class, I knew this was definitely the place for me."
Course selection help for a CS/Physics/Math major
Computer Stores in Berkeley?
Physics 5A or 7A?
Where to find Berkeley student phone numbers?
What are some easy light courses to boost GPA?
Free couch from Ikea *Must pick it up and transport it
How late can I safely start/declare a CS major? (in case I don't get into HAAS)
Burrito bowls from Berkeley Bowl - with the brown rice
Subaita Rahman: "I wish I was indifferent to perceptions of me and unapologetically Muslim in the face of fear and disdain. It takes a new sense of strength to come out of a tragedy like Nabra Hassanen's and walk the streets openly and proudly with a hijab … daring people to try and break you down."
Annie's Homegrown, the Berkeley-based company co-founded by Annie Withey and Andrew Martin in 1989, was acquired by consumer foods behemoth General Mills (GM) for $820 million in 2014. Annie's Homegrown went public in 2012 and was traded on the New York stock exchange before GM came calling.
On Wednesday, again as part of the SF Homeless Project, Berkeleyside will devote another full day of coverage to the homeless situation in Berkeley. The city has a new mayor who has vowed to make solving homelessness a priority. Yet the number of people experiencing homelessness has gone up.
Sunday morning an old Berkeley house was heaved onto a flat-bed truck for a half-mile trip through city streets. The journey of the 1901 clapboard home, which began at 2121 Durant Ave., drew small crowds of onlookers as it was pulled slowly through downtown to its new resting place at 1940 Haste St.
Carol Christ, the incoming Cal chancellor, unveiled her plan to reduce Cal's budget deficit from $110 million to $57 million this year — and it involves some deep cuts. The school’s staff workforce has already shrunk by 450 full-time equivalent in the last fiscal year and salary growth has slowed.
A 26-year-old Berkeley man with a severe head injury died Sunday at the hospital. Police said foul play does not appear to have been a factor, but a death investigation is underway. Investigators linked the head injury to an incident in the 1700 block of Curtis Street.
Class Scheduling Times
Where can I get my IQ tested at Cal?
HELP! CHEM 1A: PROFS TO AVOID IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN GOOD GPA?
HELP! CHEM 1A: ANY ADVICE ON PROFS TO STAY AWAY FROM?
Pre-Haas Freshman Schedule Help
ECON MAJORS. I have a question regarding Econ 100A and Econ 100B.
What can I do in 5 semesters?
Help!!!! Planning first schedule
Mayoral Bait and Switch : During last year’s Berkeley mayoral race, Jesse Arreguin argued that his position on housing had “evolved.”
Still looking for stolen adult tricycle--reward now
How hard is it to get up for 8 am classes?
Are there Finals for R&amp;C classes?
JC transfer Student Econ vs Political Econ
Econ 100A vs 100B?
Crislin Christian: "Anytime you use the N-word as a non-Black person or are complicit in a fellow non-Black peer's use of the word, you are perpetuating anti-black violence. … I am Black, thus I can say the N-word without being inherently violent towards Black people. My family uses the N-word."
Crislin Christian: "If you're not Black and have never had the N-word hurled at you in an attempt to strip you of your humanity, you have no right to (a) say the N-word in any form or (b) participate in any discussion determining if/how Blacks can use the N-word. … perpetuating anti-black violence"
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "Gay people need to have queer liberation, not rainbow capitalism. … And more than anything, Gay Pride just isn't any fun for gay people anymore. With all these straight corporations sapping the fun from Pride, gay people seem to have forgotten how to have a good time."
Charles Austin, 77, community organizer, died June 18. He developed a tradition of sweeping the sidewalk outside his home on weekends, chatting with neighbors and passers-by. A group of neighbors volunteered to carry on the tradition, and will begin sweeping in the same spot Sundays in his memory.
Two boys, one 15 and the other 16, were arrested on suspicion of knocking down and robbing a UC Berkeley student of his cellphone Friday 7:50 p.m. in front of Morrison Hall on campus, police said Monday. The 15-year-old is from San Pablo and the 16-year-old from Hercules. The robbed student is 17.
Anthony Boodrookas: My life changed when I met a girl that I couldn't write about. After some Tinder chat and an awkward first date, I knew something was different about her. I looked at her mouth and it was beautiful, but I didn't feel the urge to force another bland metaphor about flowers onto it.
Following four seasons with the Minnesota Twins farm system, Trevor Hildenberger, a former pitcher for the Cal baseball team, made his major league debut, striking out one and holding the Cleveland Indians scoreless in his first official inning of work.
Choosing Labs and Discussion Sections for EE16A and CS61A.... (Need some advice)
Fun, easy class I can take for senior year?
Want to minor/maybe double major in something STEM or CS-ish. Recommendations?
Secret Hot Tub
I attended UC Berkeley back in the 90's. I brought my kids to the campus for the first time for a visit!
Are CS161 and CS168 super important? - need to graduate early to minimize financial strain.
Is it safe at night? (Oakland airport to campus)
After 18 years on Cal baseball's coaching staff, David Esquer will be returning to his alma mater Stanford as the new baseball head coach. In 2010 when baseball was to be cut they raised $9 million to keep it alive. Despite his long history with Cal, Stanford has a much more secure fiscal situation.
The United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary held a hearing about free speech on college campuses. Lecia Brooks, outreach director for SPLC, praised Nicholas Dirks for condemning Milo Yiannopoulos as a "troll and provocateur," but added UCPD could have handled the event in a "smarter" manner.
Seattle's groundbreaking minimum wage law is raising pay for low-paid workers without hurting jobs, even as pay reached $13 for workers in large companies, according to a report released June 20 by University of California, Berkeley economists. Professor Michael Reich is lead author of the report.
At Meadow Valley Forestry Camp, the rustic classrooms and surrounding woodlands are where forestry majors since 1917 have learned the arts of working in the woods, skills they can't get at their urban home campus, the University of California, Berkeley. This year's summer field camp has 36 students.
The BART Board of Directors on Thursday voted 8-1 to pass the Safe Transit policy, which prevents BART employees — including members of the BART Police Department — from asking about riders' immigration statuses unless directed by state laws, federal regulations or court orders.
Considering switching to STEM or CS as a transfer. Tips? Wisdom?
Ken Jacobs, chair, UC Berkeley Center for Labor Research and Education: The sick logic behind the Republican health care plan. "CBO estimates that 23 million more people would be uninsured by 2026 under the bill. The AHCA would succeed in cutting taxes for the wealthy."
Any graduating Seniors have a bike they can pass along or I can buy?
Pre-Med Math Courses
Cal's Jaylen Brown named “most interesting rookie of the NBA playoffs” in fan, media vote
Stat 198 with Leong?
Library benefits of non-resident alumni?
EECS 101 Piazza: Student posts CS61B Gitlet project code on GitHub. CS61BL staff's email: "If you are a current student, you could be held liable for academic conduct violations if another student finds and uses this code. Please either make your repository private or delete it."
Jerry Nelson, 73, who conceived of the design for the segmented telescope, which allowed scientists to peer farther into the universe than before, died June 10, 2017. He received a physics Ph.D. at UC Berkeley in 1972, worked at LBNL from 1970 to 1981 and taught astronomy at Cal from 1981 to 1994.
On July 1, AC Transit will increase the cost of fares and passes for the first time since 2011. Fares paid with cash will increase for local adult single rides from $2.10 to $2.25 and from $1.05 to $1.10 for youth, seniors and the disabled. UC Berkeley students' EasyPass fee is unaffected.
The Panoramic Hill home Walter Steilberg designed for himself and his family in 1922 is up for sale. It's a compound of three homes, the main home, at 1 Orchard Lane, with 12 rooms; a brown-shingle one-bedroom, one-bath cottage; and a one-bedroom, one-bath cottage. The listing price is $1.9 million.
Berkeley resident and retired schoolteacher Lew Williams, 73, attended the June 20 council meeting when they voted to continue the city's participation in the Homeland Security-sponsored Urban Shield. He'd just picked up his glasses from the ground when he felt a blow to his head from a police baton
A prosecutor asked jurors Friday to convict William Joseph Ryan III, 24, a man of raping an unconscious person for allegedly having sex with a female acquaintance while she was sleeping at his apartment near the University of California at Berkeley campus two years ago.
Where the Irish at?
Feedback on my Fall schedule
Transfer student accepted for fall 2017 but want to move it to spring 2017
Question about golden bear advising
Anyone know the story behind the person who drives with chains attached to their car?
Samantha Shadrow: "WGN gave me a ton of fodder for my resume. … I have a well-stocked archive of blog posts I've authored … WGN proved my self-doubt wrong. After gaining the respect of my bosses, hosts and coworkers, I realized I would kick ass in the real world way more than I ever did in college."
José Luis Bedolla attended Berkeley as an undocumented student, became an inventor who holds patents, founded a business, and — with his wife, Berkeley professor and alumna Lisa Garcia Bedolla — recently endowed a scholarship with $50,000 and doubled it for undocumented students at UC Berkeley.
Republican Tyler Deaton has known he was attracted to men as far back as he can remember. When he was four or five, he would draw himself marrying another man. Deaton's story is one of 23 interviews conducted between 2015 and 2016 by the Bancroft Library's Oral History Center at UC Berkeley.
Berkeley High grad Ethan Ostrow tackles cancer with a song in his heart. Facing mortality at 18 is tough enough. After a medical crisis, the pianist and Berkeley High graduate presents 'Hat's Off: A Benefit Concert for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society' Monday at Freight &amp; Salvage.
Dan Rush, 56, the former head of Berkeley's Medical Cannabis Commission pleaded guilty Thursday to three felony counts, including one in which he conspired with a Berkeley attorney, Marc TerBeek, 50, to conceal payments he had received illegally. City Councilman Kriss Worthington had appointed him.
With the 56th pick in the second-round of the NBA Draft, the Boston Celtics have selected Cal guard Jabari Bird. In four years at Cal, Bird averaged 16.3 points, 5.0 rebounds and 1.8 assists per 40 minutes. He has a 6'6'', 198-pound frame with a 6'8'' wingspan.
Berkeley Deferment/Readmissions
Cal sports cannot travel to 5 more states due LGBTQ discrimination laws
The world's "elite 6" universities are in only 3 places: California, Massachusetts, and England. (Cal is #6)
Political Economy Major Math Heavy?
Man robbed on Grizzly Peak early Friday morning
Gym membership discount for a UC (I'm not a cal student) student?
Everest property opinions
Does anyone have experience with the Course Threads program?
Class not appearing on Schedule Planner
Math 54 with Lin Lin?
frat house accommodation for summer intern
My bike tyres have been punctured three times and I'm getting sick of living here
is Berkeleytime.com down?
Berkeley Police Department Traffic Bureau will conduct a DUI/Driver's License Checkpoint Friday, June 23, 2017, on Alcatraz Avenue and Adeline Street, westbound traffic, between 8:00pm and 3:00am. The deterrent effect has lowered the number killed and injured in alcohol or drug impaired crashes.
Berkeleyside readers are three to four times more likely to provide a comment than New York Times readers. Berkeleyside averaged 173 comments per day for the last 30 days. Over 200 readers have become investors, contributing between $1,000 and $50,000, raising $550,000. But the goal is $800,000.
Isabel Soloaga: Full Belly Farm is an organic farm that can be found within Berkeley's farmers' markets. It offers year long internships, hired on a rolling basis throug the year. It offers many experiences, living and working on the farm: from taking care of animals to packing and washing produce.
With the 35th pick in the 2017 NBA Draft, the Memphis Grizzlies have selected Cal power forward Ivan Rabb. He was a projected lottery pick in last year's draft, but he fell to the second round, a gap which not only means a lot less money, but shorter contracts and less security for a roster position
Carol Christ announced her appointment of Oscar Dubón, Jr., as Cal's next vice chancellor of equity and inclusion (VCEI) effective July 1. Dubón, a campus material science and engineering professor, has most recently served as the associate dean of equity and inclusion in the college of engineering.
BPD arrested a male suspect Thursday morning near Sproul Plaza on a charge of alleged attempted robbery at Walgreens Pharmacy on 2310 Telegraph Ave. He approached a Walgreens cashier and told the worker he possessed a gun about 11:30 a.m. The suspect was arrested by BPD officers about 11:40 a.m.
Electric skateboard as a means of transportation
Wtf Berkeley! (rant--Airbnb horror story in progress)
Golden Bear Advising Help!
Computer Science Transfer Student Advice
Who is the best barber in town? Need some hardcore beard-scaping
Extra Ticket to Mad Caddies @ Slim's, Sat. 9pm
IEOR graduate student Mark Velednitsky reduced a 28-page proof for the classic traveling salesman problem to just a few lines, making it far more accessible to future students. TSP: if a salesperson needs to travel to x number of cities, how can we calculate most efficient route for them to take?
Undergrad scholarships available to attend Grace Hopper Conference from October 4-6, 2017 in Orlando, Florida. Travel Scholarships include Round Trip Airfare from Bay Area (Oakland or SFO) to Orlando, Lodging (Shared Occupancy), and Registration to Grace Hopper Conference. Deadline to apply: June 30
On June 22, 2017 between 1:00 and 4:00pm, BPD and BFD will be training at Berkeley High School (1980 Allston Way). During the training, blank training rounds will be used. The community should not be alarmed by the sound of simulated gunfire or the presence of numerous police cars and ambulances.
Morgan Robertson after her parents moved to Colorado in the middle of junior year: "When loved ones leave, they leave a piece of themselves with us. And I know this sounds dramatic like they died but they didn't. It felt like a part of me died and there were probably more hard days than good ones."
Alumni Association... what are the benefits? Does anyone actually have it?
Berkeley City Council voted 6-2-1 to continue the Berkeley Police and Fire Departments' participation in Urban Shield, provoking outrage and arrests at the end of a special meeting lasting over 6 hours. Councilwomen Cheryl Davila and Kate Harrison opposed and Councilman Kriss Worthington abstained.
Alice McNeil, who the former manager of University House—the chancellor's residence— sued Cal and the UC Regents for wrongful termination. McNeil: She was instructed to incorrectly report her hours spent completing personal services for Dirks' family on tax forms, eventually resulting in her firing.
Berkeley pre-Haas freshman schedule help
Earthquake!
Any Pokemon Go players looking for a raid team?
Some quick questions about Unit 2 Triple vs. Unit 1 Triple Minisuite
What sucks most about living in Berkeley?
Why are there so many Ethiopian restaurants?
What breath requirements will an Economics major eventually satisfy?
Stat 88 or Math 55 as a prep course for STAT 140
Ryan O'Callaghan, former Cal football player, comes out as gay. He had always planned to commit suicide after football, until Kansas City Chiefs staffers stepped in. At Cal he found every way possible to fit in as a straight guy, even letting a cute young woman, a fellow Golden Bear, sit on his lap.
Subaita Rahman: "Menial day-to-day inequity sends subtle messages to me of the inequality between the men and women in my family. My extended family takes great pride in their sons, and in many other Muslim families I've encountered, value is usually determined through the success of sons only."
It could cost the city more than $4 million a year to carry out the ambitious homelessness proposal put forth by Mayor Jesse Arreguín and Councilwoman Sophie Hahn earlier this year, according to analysis by city staff. The new costs would be on top of the $3 million Berkeley currently spends on it.
Raven Record, a Berkeley firefighter, narrowly escaped death after he was left on his own more than two floors up in a smoke-filled building, as flames closed in and his oxygen ran down. "I knew I was essentially alone, couldn’t see more than about 6 inches in front of my face. I was low on air."
Richard Taruskin, a Cal emeritus professor of music, won a 2017 Kyoto Prize for his performance and critical discourse of early music, modern Russian music and Western music history. The honor includes a $448,500 award and a medal made of 20-karat gold and embedded with four emeralds and four rubies
Stat 88 or Math 55 as a prep course for STAT 140
UCPD reported that it is currently investigating a sexual assault in a campus-affiliated cooperative that allegedly took place Thursday at around midnight. The female victim is familiar with the suspect, according to the alert.
A woman was taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound after an attempted robbery on Grizzly Peak Boulevard in the Berkeley Hills early Tuesday. Three victims tried to leave the scene in their vehicle. One suspect shot at the victims' vehicle as they drove away hitting the female victim in the leg.
12 Month Payday Loans
12 Month Loans
I'm in FPF Berkeley. Can I take a math class on campus?
How is housing not guaranteed?
My bike was stolen this weekend
Late housing application?
How to make some money over summer?
Important to take physics classes consecutively?
Tip to Younger Self: Choosing Classes
I'm taking both CS61BL and CS70 in the summer, how difficult is this? Should I drop?
Grad School
Gunshots or Fireworks?
On June 20, 2017 at 10:00am, members of the Berkeley Police Department (BPD) and the UC Berkeley Police Department (UCPD) will be escorting the "Flame of Hope" in support of Special Olympics as it travels through Berkeley. UCPD will begin the Berkeley leg of the torch's journey.
Taylor Choe: "To Josh Hug, thank you for making me fall in love with computer science. Thank you for giving me the experience of having a truly passionate, great professor. Thank you for giving me faith in the public school system. Most of all, thank you for making me aspire to be a better person."
The city of Berkeley launched a new disaster alert system, AC Alert, set to replace the old way of spreading the word about emergencies. The only kicker is that council is set to vote Tuesday evening about whether to approve the funding source for AC Alert, which is paid for through Bay Area UASI.
Justin Knight of the Daily Cal Editorial Board: "For Berkeley small business owners, you never know when you're going to get the axe. … Blondie's, Remy's, Flacos, even Caffe Mediterraneum and now Dark Carnival have each gotten the axe in the face of growing competition, among other pressures."
New co-working space The Office opened May 1 in downtown Berkeley, joining several other similar shared workspaces that have opened in recent years in a city where a diversity of office space is in short supply. The new space — which totals 6,000 square feet — is managed by Kate and Casey McEachern.
One week after a stranger shoved meth into a toddler's mouth at People's Park, a local mother who took her children to play at Ohlone Park in North Berkeley said an "unstable" man tried to give her son liquid from a bottle he said held water and honey. Police arrested William Turner, 36.
Tips for doing well in CS169?
Anybody attending European Innovation Academy in Italy in July?
Programmer/ Web Developer from Australia attending European Innovation Academy in Italy. Looking to connect with Berkeley students going as well. I can build websites or apps!
Do I have to take Math 1A for the L&amp;S CS Major if I scored a 5 on the AP Calculus AB Exam?
Gift ideas for friend going to UC Berkeley?
Buying student parking, what's the difference between "S Lot / SSCP" and "S Lot Permit / SS" ?
Econ Transfer here! I'm planning on taking Econ 100A, Stat 134, Stat 133 and an AC class my first semester.
The Terrifying Epidemic Of Mind Control Targeting Our Young People Exposed
Berkeley Music scholar wins prestigious Kyoto Prize
Is living in Berkeley without a car difficult?
how to make friends?
psych 167ac as a freshman?
Anyone seeing flashes of light on the clouds?
A Google simulator, co-developed by Berkeley's Space Sciences Laboratory, shows what the rare coast-to-coast total solar eclipse will look like in your area August 21. The simulator is part of the crowdsourcing Eclipse Megamovie Project to take images nationwide to be woven into a 2-hour documentary
Morgan Robertson: "Last summer, I joined a club on campus called AIA, a social and religious group for athletes who want to grow in their faith. I was talking with one of my friends and she suggested that I sing and worship with the club. … This was a challenge for me but one I was willing to take."
UC Regents sued the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, for cutting millions in fire prevention funding previously allocated to the East Bay Hills. In September 2016, FEMA canceled a "pre-disaster mitigation" grant for the Hills, which included UC Berkeley- and city of Oakland-owned land.
The Berkeley Engineering community now has an inviting new space for meetings and collaborationl. The V&amp;A Café officially opened last Thursday with a lively celebration by members of the college community. The café is located on the third floor near the breezeway between Etcheverry and Soda halls.
This semester, 45 students at the Sutardja Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology (SCET) are studying the market dynamics of plant-based protein and trying to create vegetarian options that look, feel and taste like real meat but are more environmentally sustainable.
Berkeley High School celebrated the graduation of its 2017 class of 800 students Friday evening. BHS graduate Citlaly Hernandez, who shared her achievement of maintaining a 4.0 GPA during high school, spoke about her status as an undocumented immigrant and the importance education played in her life
Question about ultimate meal plan...
Best Bike Shops in/near Berkeley?
Short-term storage
Winter commencement downside?
Samantha Shadrow on college applications: "I didn't bother with Harvey Mudd, the engineering school. My utter lack of science and math skills coupled with my aversion to intense studying made me a particularly unideal candidate. …Pomona was the Harvard… I practically begged the school to let me in."
Pooja Bale: "Dads don't get enough credit for how truly great they are. They have their little girls run to them screaming 'Daddy!' from age four to 40. They’re cheesy AF but'll never fail to make you laugh. Who else waits around (for hours, sometimes!) while moms treat themselves to shoe shopping?"
Avanti Mehrotra: "Dads are fun-loving and carefree – the ones you go to when need a good laugh or a giant bear hug, or when you get in trouble with your mom." Things you probably did for the first time with your dad's help: "Drove in reverse. Toured UC Berkeley when you were a senior in high school"
Nichole Bloom: Father's Day letter to Daddio. "I know I could be thanking you for a load of other things, but you know as well as I do that you don't need an ego boost. You're sexy and you know it. You're king of the grill, and your kids kick other kids' asses in the awesome department."
Private investigator Bret Stemme searches dark corners of Bay Area for evidence, witnesses. Stemme headed to a North Berkeley apartment complex in search of witnesses to a robbery attempt: I’m not the police or anything." Witness: "I don't want them to go to jail. I don't care. They're just kids."
Lauren Kirk-Coehlo, 30, a Cal graduate and former Google employee, was caught on surveillance camera shattering six windows, vandalizing several bicycles and leaving strips of raw bacon at the Russell Boulevard mosque. She carried it out as a "political protest" of Islam's poor treatment of women.
Lauren Kirk-Coehlo, a Cal graduate and former Google employee, was caught on surveillance camera shattering six windows, vandalizing several bicycles and leaving strips of raw bacon at the Russell Boulevard mosque. She carried it out as a "political protest" of Islam's poor treatment of women.
How do I complain about Stebbins Hall co-op?
EE 126 and 127 prep?
CalCentral academics status: "You are not registered for any upcoming semesters"
QS 2017-2018 World University Rankings places Berkeley at #27
DeCal Course List Update?
Testing out of Foreign Language
Found a unit in my building on Airbnb?
Incoming CoC Freshman Schedule Advice!
Berkeley Police Department: "We are proud to welcome our two newest officers Geoffrey Mitchell and Eric Ruff to the BPD family. They graduated today from the Sacramento Police Academy. The academy was just the first step (albeit a 6 month long one) on their path to becoming solo police officers."
Amanda Chung: "Dads are…brilliant. They're every little girl's first love and every little boy's first superhero. … their fearlessness. They kill the big spiders and investigate the scary noises at the night. … They don't get nearly as much attention for their big day, but they never throw a fuss."
Amanda Chung: "Dads are…brilliant. They’re every little girl's first love and every little boy's first superhero. … their fearlessness. They kill the big spiders and investigate the scary noises at the night. … They don't get nearly as much attention for their big day, but they never throw a fuss."
Alta Bates Summit Medical Center radiation oncology department, which housed the first TomoTherapy machine in the East Bay, the "preferred" radiation treatment for complex tumors, is set to close July 14. It serves 40 patients per day, treating cancer like neck cancer, lung cancer and breast cancer.
Crews from the East Bay Municipal Utility District have been flushing water from a Berkeley Hills reservoir as one step towards removing water that contains cancer-causing compounds. The flushing started after quarterly sampling revealed water in two sites contained more THMs than is considered safe
Cews from the East Bay Municipal Utility District have been flushing water from a Berkeley Hills reservoir as one step towards removing water that contains cancer-causing compounds. The flushing started after quarterly sampling revealed water in two sites contained more THMs than is considered safe.
Hugh Groman, owner of Phil's Sliders in Berkeley, will be closing his 6-year-old downtown Berkeley burger spot at 2024 Shattuck Ave. on July 1. Groman said Phil’s neighbor next door, California-Mexican restaurant Comal, will take its place. Phil's will live on as a new catering option.
Michael McKenna, 67, a transient man from Pennsylvania touched a girl inappropriately from behind at Telegraph and Durant avenues Thursday around 5:15pm. He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and lewd and lascivious acts with a child under 14. He is scheduled for arraignment Monday at 9am.
Channing Bowditch Apartments
Transferring from UCLA to Berkeley
Planning Class Schedule Advice
Any clean fraternities still need a tenant?
Still haven't heard back for Summer Financial Aid. Is this normal? I'm enrolled in session C courses only.
[Summer Financial Aid] Still haven't heard back. Is this normal?
Oregon Hopes To Reduce College Costs By Forcing Colleges to Report On why Administrative Staff Costs so Much. How Effective Do You Think Would Be For California ?
Incoming Junior transfer in Media Studies considering switching to CogSci... is it too late?
Are any design/UI clubs active over the summer?
Incoming Junior Transfer in Media Studies considering switching to Cognitive Science... is it too late?
How feasible is it to double major in economics (or business admin) and computer science?
How to succeed at Berkeley?
Isabel Soloaga on long road trips: "The amazing thing, really, is the simplicity of it: driving with a general direction in mind, perhaps some goals, but no timeline or pressure. A car and some company are all that are necessary. The ability to actually read a map would also be helpful."
Berkeley officials voted unanimously Tuesday night to prioritize a plan to build the city's largest ever supportive housing development for the homeless. If plans proceed, it would nearly deplete city resources for affordable housing in the foreseeable future.
The all-volunteer Alameda County Sheriff’s Office Search and Rescue Unit will help a small child who has wandered away from home, or a plane crash survivor on a lonely mountaintop. UC Berkeley graduates Angela Chew Hale, Keith Young, and Randall Chinn—a software developer at Oracle—are among them.
Berkeley Student Cooperative houses 1,300 students in 17 houses and 3 apartment complexes. Notable alumni include Beverly Cleary, who lived in Stebbins; Gordon Moore, co-founder of Intel Corporation who lived in Cloyne; and Nancy Skinner, the California state senator who lived in Barrington.
Nataly Romero: How this homeless teen made her way to UC Berkeley. She is an American citizen who was taken to Mexico as a preschooler because the man her mother had married was undocumented and had been deported. She finished high school with a 4.0 GPA and straight A's from trigonometry to Spanish.
Herma Hill Kay, 82, the first female dean at the UC Berkeley School of Law, died in her sleep Saturday. Kay served as dean of Berkeley Law from 1992 to 2000. She co-authored the Uniform Marriage and Divorce Act in 1970, which similarly established no-fault standards in divorce nationwide.
Placing out of classes
CalCentral Hold Question for Transfers
Will I be out of place as a 25 year old transfer student at Berkeley?
Couple of questions about the AC requirement for undergraduates (CoE).
Berkeley Goggles?
Double Major?
New undergrad here, have questions about CalNet
A letter to the city auditor, Ann Marie Hogan, about restroom maintenance costs (Viva Cesar Chavez Park). Photos of Berkeley public restrooms: "View a gallery of photos related to this document. Click on an image to enlarge. Parental guidance and viewer discretion advised."
A chemical linked to increased risk of cancer, trihalomethane, or THM, has been rising in East Bay drinking water for the last few years, according to the East Bay Municipal Utility District. Also, EBMUD proposed to raise water rates by 9.25% beginning July 12, and another 9% beginning July 1, 2018.
The UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism has allowed its accreditation with the Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism and Mass Communications, or ACEJMC, to expire. As Cal does not have an undergraduate journalism program, the William Randolph Hearst Awards do not apply to the program.
The Apothecarium, a cannabis dispensary owned by BTHHM Berkeley LLC and set to open in Berkeley, is in danger of losing its permit because of its landlord's refusal to lease the premise after the dispensary has paid more than $145,000 to secure the premise since 2015, according to a lawsuit.
UCPD arrested a man on Telegraph Avenue near Bancroft Way this morning in response to a citizen’s arrest for alleged battery. An officer was flagged down to detain the suspect. The suspect then resisted arrest and assaulted the officer. The man is now in custody on all three alleged charges.
Lefty Cities Say They Want to Fight Climate Change, but Won't Take the Most Obvious Step to Do It. At Berkeley city council meeting "this dissonance was on display in a resident's complaint about a proposed new building that would cast shadows on her zucchini plants. The project was returned."
Difference between STAT 154 and COMPSCI 189
Where to park car for free in Berkeley?
Waiving Math 53
Problems with Retroactive Withdrawal
Cal Alumni Association The Leadership Award Interview Advice
Laptop for CS
Where to get/buy individual tampons/pads on-campus?
What math should I take?
PSA: Stop smoking on campus
CS 61A and 61B
Is this a good courseload for my first semester as a freshman?
Incoming freshman: Im thinking of transferring from L&amp;S to CNR. Any thoughts on either college?
Advice for a rising sophomore intended stat &amp; data science double major with a concentration in cs?
Anyone have pictures of the singles in New Sequoia?
CS + ORMS Double Major
Cal alum Charles Thacker (physics 1967), co-inventor of Ethernet, died of a brief illness Monday. He was 74. He was a lead hardware designers on the Xerox Alto, the first modern personal computer. Ars Technica: "Every computer we use today owes a debt to the legendary and influential machine."
Lawyer Mark Hathaway represents Cal student John Doe, who was punished for allegedly sexually assaulting Jane Roe. Hathaway: It was Roe who initiated sex with the virgin Doe. Witnesses: Roe had no signs of incapacitation. After she brought Doe to climax with her hand she put her number in his phone.
There is nowhere near enough money or staff to handle the plethora of projects to ease Berkeley’s housing affordability crisis. There are nine proposed construction and acquisition projects totaling between $39.5 and $45 million, but the city has only around $3.6 million in its Housing Trust Fund.
A tragic event occurred two years ago, June 16, 2017. It was the collapse of a balcony on the Library Gardens apartment complex on Kittredge Street in Berkeley that killed six young people, five of them Irish students. It has been repainted and "rebranded" and is now marketed as "K Street Flats".
Berkeley City Council will convene Tuesday to consider a number of proposals, including funding for a mental health peer education program, a community screening of a "Hate Man" documentary and a recommendation for the city to officially co-sponsor the San Francisco LGBT Pride parade.
Kris Perry and Sandy Stier published the book "Love on Trial: Our Supreme Court Fight for the Right to Marry". They were two of the plaintiffs in legal challenge to overturn California's Proposition 8. The two women, who became a couple in 2000, lived in a North Berkeley house with their four sons.
How do coops check that you're a full time student?
CS 61A and 61B
Aaron Rodgers taking summer school to graduate from Cal
Is 61a fun?
Help on how big of a course load to take first semester for CS?
Sounding the alarm on Berkeley's housing proposals
Flavor town in a keurig
How to Survive Bio 1A + 1AL
Guide to Car Camping in Berkeley
Neil Lawrence, a junior at UC Berkeley studying linguistics and former Daily Cal columnist: "Fuck Caitlyn Jenner. Fuck Peter Thiel. Fuck compromise and collaborators. If you helped this current regime take power, or you maintain its power now, you're not gay anymore. Sorry. I don't make the rules."
Anthony Boodrookas: "When tackling issues of culture and identity, there is a tension between the substance of their experience and the clumsy container of language. Something doesn't quite translate. … Experiences are often untranslatable, but that’s probably what makes them human."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "The video of [Kiara] Robles being pepper-sprayed speaks volumes to her character and to the nature of this entire situation…With her Make America Bitcoin Again hat perched atop her head, she spews generic right-wing nonsense at the interviewer until she's pepper-sprayed."
Chancellor-designate Carol Christ appointed Khira Griscavage as her office's chief of staff. Griscavage, who is associate chancellor, chief ethics, risk and compliance officer and Cal's locally designated official, will follow Associate Chancellor Nils Gilman, who is Nicholas Dirks' chief of staff.
The Trump administration's proposed federal budget eliminates ongoing funding for ShakeAlert, an earthquake early warning system co-developed at Berkeley. The technology provides life-saving moments of advance notice on approaching earthquakes, and it'd been on track to start operating by late 2018.
NASA announced Wednesday that campus alumnus Warren "Woody" Hoburg had been selected as one of 12 in its newest class of astronaut candidates. Hoburg studied at UC Berkeley from 2009-13 and received a doctorate in EECS. His research adviser, Pieter Abbeel: NASA "picked the right person."
In state transfer to UCB Rate My Chances
California community college and transferring credits
yeet yeet
active summer clubs?
After 41 years, Berkeley sci-fi bookstore Dark Carnival is closing
Trying to find housing for 17/18 school year
Taking STAT 140 without Data 8?
Where are any microwaves I can use on campus during the summer?
How many units are average for an incoming freshman? If I take the four classes I want then I have 17 but that feels like too much. I changed one to a seminar so now I have 14. What should I do?
[new comer 😋] questions concerning textbooks
Congresswoman Barbara Lee on Comey hearing: "Stay woke, stay vigilant and stay engaged." Lee was asked: "Is this situation anything like you have seen before?" Answer: "Well let me tell you, I was a Cal in the Capital intern during Watergate (laughs). So it feels like that, but even more serious."
Councilmembers Harrison, Worthington hold town hall on housing, police reform. One attendee, who identified himself as a campus faculty member, pointed out the necessity of affordable housing for UC Berkeley faculty and students. "It's impossible for us to live in this city," he claimed.
Angad Singh Padda, a 23-yeal-old Sikh student, mesmerised with his Cal graduation speech. He talked about "problems" not of his own but of the world. Padda: To highlight the heart of every "Berkeley student beats with that passion" to make a world where there "is no I or me but only us and only we."
The tale in which Samin Nosrat, the English major and aspiring poet, and her boyfriend saved $220 in cash to eat dinner at Berkeley's Chez Panisse restaurant is vividly recounted in Nosrat's first cookbook, the recently released "Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat." It landed on a New York Times bestseller list.
Robots struggle with knowing where to apply a grip for irregularly shaped items such as shoes, spray bottles. In a significant step toward overcoming this problem, roboticists at UC Berkeley have a built a robot that can pick up and move unfamiliar, real-world objects with a 99 percent success rate.
Kayla Kettman: Where does Robert Reich film his TV interviews? Ever wondered where Robert Reich films his television interviews? We visited the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism to find out.
Conditions of Admissions for international student? (What % is a C?)
Good places to watch the NBA Finals?
Incoming freshman interested in a frat.
EE 16A vs Math 54?
Anyone and their roommate interested in a Unit 2 Triple?
How possible (or impossible) is it to have a weekend social life at Berkeley?
Incoming freshman, intended economic major. Can anyone give me some schedule advice for the fall as I am a bit lost. Thanks!
Any filmmakers here? Looking to form a team for campus movie festival when it return in the fall. Here's fun video shot in Dwinelle from a few years ago.
Incoming Freshman- Scheduling and Extracurricular Questions
Books to study CS61A, EE16A or Math 53
Advice for a typical CS schedule for a first year student?
Difference b/w various semesters of the same course
The leaders of some 180 colleges and universities, including Chancellor Nicholas Dirks, have signed a pledge to remain committed to the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, despite Donald Trump's announcement that the federal government will withdraw from it. The pledge is called "We Are Still In".
The funeral of UC Berkeley-bound honor student Neng Thao, 18, lasted three days, around the clock, as is Hmong custom. A bamboo pipe played to guide the 18-year-old's soul back through his life in Fresno and on to meet his ancestors. At one point, its song sounded like moving water.
Gavin Newsom holds the lead in next year's open primary race for California governor, according to the latest poll from UC Berkeley's Institute of Governmental Studies, but fellow Democrat Antonio Villaraigosa is nipping at his heels. Newsom: 22% of likely voters. Villaraigosa: 17%.
Hanif Sadr hosts Komaaj at Alembique Apothecary in Berkeley, where he introduces people to the cuisine and culture of Northern Iran. Inside the walls are lined with bottles and jars filled with herbs, flowers, tinctures and remedies. The next Komaaj pop-up takes place from 3-5 p.m. on June 25, 2017.
UC Berkeley bioengineers found that viral infections turn down the intensity of a key cell-signaling pathway linked to healing and health of skeletal muscle and bone, mental well-being and prevention of obesity. The discovery may explain why viruses can make people feel so lousy.
Cal's main attraction? For nesting peregrines, it's the Campanile. When Doug Bell heard that a pair of peregrine falcons was nesting on the Campanile, he couldn't believe his luck. A falconer, he received his Ph.D. in zoology from UC Berkeley, where he studied ornithology and systematic biology.
Best way to prepare for EE16A online
Transfer Student Math 1B Issue
Freshmen Class Advise for Chem 1A?
Samantha Shadrow on how community college's reasonable course load is more conducive to learning: "I crammed for [university] classes, genuinely eager to learn, but in order to pass I had to expel the information I had just committed to memory in order to make room for another semester of learning."
Four Cal alumni named to Forbes' 30­-Under­-30 list. Ankur Aggarwal (M.Eng.'12 EECS) co-founded TowerView Health, Timothy Downing (Ph.D. '13 BioE) was named a science innovator, Thibault Duchemin (M.Eng.'14 IEOR) founded Ava, and Tim Wang (B.S.'09 BioE) co-founded KSQ Therapeutics.
As buyers strive to land a home in the East Bay's overheated real estate market, a surprising number are throwing all-cash offers at the limited number of homes for sale. 23.2% of all Berkeley home sales were all cash between November 2016 and April 2017, according to real-estate brokerage Redfin.
Shellena Tate, 23, of Hayward was arrested after an auto burglary near College Avenue in Berkeley on Thursday. The incident drew a large police response. One reader saw "8-9 cop cars with full lights and sirens … flying down MLK." When the officer tried to put her in handcuffs, she resisted.
Gerson P. Bakar, 89, a 1948 bachelor of science in business administration Cal alumnus and Haas School of Business philanthropist, died Monday. In 2005, Bakar donated $25 million to Haas to support a building for executive education, which was redirected to support the hiring of more Haas faculty.
Paralyzed Cal rugby player Robert Paylor was injured by an illegal hit caught on film, coach Jack Clark said in a development that has launched a USA Rugby investigation. "It was the result of illegal foul play. There is end-goal video footage as well as photography that makes this indisputable."
Feel Like I am trapped.....
Singing options in cal?
Questions from l&amp;s CS
Are Cal students doing enough to fight for safe-spaces of color on campus?
"Cal Is F*cked Because Of Its Stupid Stadium Deal"
Need help finding someone from an San Jose Apple Event
What are some horror stories about attending UC Berkeley?
International student, need help deciding between UCLA and Berkeley
Do they make hard copies of the class schedule ?
Worried about heavy freshman course load, can I take Math 53 in the Spring? (EECS)
Isabel Soloaga: "Waterfalls are hidden treasures of the Bay Area … Back in Berkeley, Charlie, Rebecca and I slipped off our clothes to wash off paint, swimming in the shallows. Waterfalls, pristine and hidden, provide a rare kind of privacy — just watch out for the swimmers."
Annalise Kamegawa: "To excel in a field, especially an artistic one, requires a certain obsession that my mother still carries with her. … Even when she had cancer a few years before the recession, I remember visiting her in the hospital — surrounded by carpet samples and design magazines."
Kabam, Inc. pulled out of its naming rights partnership with Cal Athletics, meaning the flashy name will no longer be featured on the field at Cal football's Memorial Stadium. The parties came to a mutual agreement that'll net Cal Athletics about $5 million that will go toward paying debt services.
Clay Collier, 33, was arrested Thursday on a warrant. Police say he grabbed a 19-year-old woman's buttocks May 29 at 7:10pm at Bancroft Way and Fulton Street, then hit her in the face after she chased him and took his photograph with her phone. His occupation in county records is listed as homeless.
Isabelle Gaston: Berkeley has hired 73 new employees in the past three years. Before it adds any more, officials must understand and reveal what the long term costs will be. "The deficit this budget cycle has ballooned to $10.5 million due primarily to employee compensation."
Sayyadina Thomas, who fed meth to a 2-year-old boy at People's Park in Berkeley, has a history of violence against authorities. She most recently assaulted a sheriff’s deputy Tuesday, cutting and scratching the deputy’s face. The attack happened in the office while she was getting booked into jail.
How to ignore politics?
Should I skip Math 1B??
Incoming freshman looking for advice with schedule.
Staying past the unit ceiling?
Course advice for L&amp;S CS student?
How feasible is taking 4 classes as an EECS major my first semester at Berkeley as a freshman?
Curious about freshman Schedule.... (EECS)
Need help finding some syllabi
Missed the deadline to accept my housing offer?
Morgan Robertson on her experience at the Student Learning Center (SLC). "My tutor was kind enough to not only give me academic support but emotional support as well. … She even encouraged me to apply to be a writing tutor. Because underneath all the fear, she saw a confident, smart young woman."
The bears of the Marin Circle fountain are taking a bubble bath. On the receiving end of a bottle of detergent earlier this week, the North Berkeley landmark is now a pool of suds awaiting a costly clean-up. It is the second instance of vandalism of the fountain in just the past two weeks.
The California State Senate passed SB 687 on Wednesday, which will prevent nonprofit hospitals from closing emergency rooms without permission from the state attorney general. The Alta Bates Summit Medical Center, which houses Berkeley's only emergency room, announced last year its plans to close.
UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens was created in 2016 by Chris Tril. The group now has more than 95,000 members. Karina Pauletti, a current admin on the Berkeley group, said the page attracts 500 to 1,000 new members every day. By comparison, Harvard's main meme page has just over 30,000 members.
Sayyadina Thomas, 36, who forced meth into a two-year-old boy's mouth at People's Park, was charged Wednesday with felonies. She told UCPD she put a Tootsie Roll into the boy's mouth. UCPD: Nanny "did not appear to be aware that People's Park is frequently used by the mentally ill and drug users."
Boy home, woman charged in Berkeley playground meth case. The woman, Sayyadina Thomas, wrote in a 2003 essay about the significant challenges of growing up with a prostitute mother who struggled with drug use. She said she was raped at gunpoint at age 12 when she lived in an East Oakland group home
Will I be considered fraud if I take a step back in math?
I'll be transferring to Berkeley this fall as a junior (from CC in San Diego) and was wondering -- how hard is it to become a music tutor?
Why London is safer than Oakland
Choosing a third technical to take alongside CS 61C and 170
Why do Berkeley students get upset and defensive when you mention that the Ivies and Stanford are more prestigious?
Chances of Getting In?
As an incoming freshman to EECS in the College of Engineering, how important is it that I take math at Berkeley if I have already met all of the requirements?
Looking to take CS61AS (Scheme version) on EDX Edge and wondering if there was a way to run the autograder(glookup version) locally or find the homework solutions online?
New NASA Astronaut Candidate, Warren Hoburg, graduated with a PhD in EECS from Cal
Former Cal Student, Alex Honnold, is the first person to ever climb El Capitan in Yosemite without a rope
Anyone have the CS61A discussion solutions?
As a CoE student, what classes would you recommend taking P/NP?
Double Major in Mechanical Engineering and EECS
Karim Doumar Twitter background: lspanker: "I have to laugh when people who beat up their political opponents whine and cry about 'despotism'. The Senior Editorial Board of the Daily Cal for 2016-2017 is clearly the biggest bunch of unhinged, hysterical loonies in the history of student journalism."
Horst Rademacher, a lecturer in the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences, created a new self-guided tour of the Hayward Fault in UC Berkeley's backyard. Checking out the sites should take about two and a half hours and involves some hill and stair climbing.
Berkeley Daily Gazette: Starting January 1943, the Shipyard Railway was an electric line started in Oakland and ran north along San Pablo, then via Grayson Street and Ninth Street north to Albany then Cutting Boulevard in Richmond. General city taxes levied in Berkeley in 1943 amounted to $1,502,587
In a city where women earn only 71 cents for every dollar earned by men, Berkeley hopes to close the gender wage gap. City council will consider banning employers from asking applicants about current or past salaries, or using previous earnings when determining what pay to offer someone in new job.
Cal rugby player Robert Paylor video: He's in rehab, pedaling a specialized bike that uses electrical stimulation to move limbs in patients who have limited muscle control. A GoFund Me page raised $700,000. A benefit event will be held this weekend for him in the El Dorado Hills where he grew up.
Alongside plastic bags, styrofoam and secondhand smoke, single-use plastic straws may be next item to go extinct in Berkeley. The most tangible evidence of straws' negative impact comes from a 2015 video of an olive ridley sea turtle undergoing surgery to remove a plastic straw embedded in its nose.
Berkeley Student And Trump Supporter Sues University For $23M Over Attacks By Liberal Protesters
CS C8 or 61A in the fall?
Which foods does Berkeley have poor options for? (burritos??)
Update: Boy, 2, fed meth by stranger at People's Park; woman arrested on suspicion of attempted murder
Shipping Items for Out of State Students
Greek life/ rush week
Cell service at Berkeley?
Anyone have experience submitting a cost of attendance appeal for having to purchase a new laptop?
Question about summer class Geography N4
Transfer Political Econ Major
anyone else cant wait to graduate??
Two undocumented Cal affiliates who are not protected by DACA. Alejandro, a junior: "Every day you have to think twice before you go outside … I have dreams about being deported." Emilio, 37, an alum, has no work permit or status, and currently works in a restaurant, his professional dreams on hold.
Subaita Rahman, who writes the "How to Muslim for dummies" column: "Here's what we’re tired of being asked this month: 'You can’t even drink water? I thought you were allowed to drink water. Not even one sip?' Or even better: 'How long is Ramadan? A month? Holy shit – you don’t eat for a month?'"
Anthony Boodrookas: The sky out here. "Strolling through the produce section, I hear the echoes of strange questions like 'Who killed the Pork Chops? What price bananas? Are you my Angel?' that Allen Ginsberg first asked in his iconic Berkeley-penned poem 'A Supermarket in California.'"
Cal rugby captured the CRC 7s Championship in an impressive 19-0 win against Life University with freshman standout Sam Cusano notching the tournament's MVP honors. This title marks Cal’s fifth straight CRC 7s championship and 33rd overall in the team's history between 7s and 15s.
Derick Almena, the master tenant of the "Ghost Ship" warehouse, and Max Harris, its creative director, were arrested Monday morning on 36 counts of alleged manslaughter in relation to the deadly Dec. 2 Ghost Ship warehouse fire, as first reported by the Mercury News.
UC Berkeley's Chancellor’s Task Force for Intercollegiate Athletics could not reach a consensus regarding cutting any of Cal's sports teams. Cal Athletics's deficit stood at about $22 million in fiscal year 2016. As of 2017, Cal Athletics has the most debt of any athletic department in the nation.
For transfer students: How's your transition to Cal been?
Do you ever regret choosing Berkeley over UCLA?
Getting Over Oneitis?
Club/Organization Recommendations?
Does anyone have experience meeting with an L&amp;S College Advisor?
Proof that UC Berkeley made South Korea the new Silicon Valley?
I don't really have any friends in Berkeley. What am I doing wrong?
I don't really have any friends in Berkeley. What am I doing wrong?
I don't really have any friends in Berkeley, what am I doing wrong?
Minoring While Pursuing Chemical Engineering Major
How does Phase 1 work for incoming freshmen?
CC Classes to take for Spring Admits?
Camera stolen: please return the memory card/photographs stored
How to choose amongst all the LABs and DIScussions?
Political Science W135 - Game Theory in Social Sciences?
Geography N4
Berkeley's first Congregational church that was built in the 1920s reopened their sanctuary Sunday after a devastating fire last September. The damage was so extensive an official cause was never determined according to the senior minister. There was $9 million in damage.
A balcony at the Library Gardens Apartments that collapsed in 2015, killing six young people, was built using unstable and water-absorbent materials rather than sturdier supplies described in construction plans, according to documents released by the California Contractors State Licensing Board.
Berkeley's on-campus living costs are set to be higher than any of other four-year public university in the state: $17,549, up over $1,000 from $16,389. Zach Gamlieli is one semester from a Cal diploma. But if it weren't for co-op Casa Zimbabwe, where he pays $7,000, he'd have a much different story
On Thursday, the California State Senate voted 23-14 to pass SB 562—titled the Healthy California Act (HCA)—moving one step closer toward creating a single-payer healthcare system in California. The program would cost the state about $400 billion annually. The HCA will increase tax burdens.
Berkeley ranked eighth for highest rent of 30 Bay Area cities analyzed in a study by Zumper, a rental listing website. According to campus urban economics lecturer Joseph Lough, the high cost of rent is due to a combination of the booming tech industry and the presence of the university.
Admiral Chester Nimitz, commander of the Pacific Fleet during WWII and national hero during the pivotal battle for control of Midway 75 years ago this week, established the Naval ROTC program at Cal in the 1920s. Cal annually in 1983 started the Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz Memorial Lectureship.
Need to switch housing
Theater 10 for shy freshman
Best food item in Berkeley
Looking for advice for incoming freshman schedule.
What are Haas students like?
IAMA visiting international student for Summer/Fall
MCB Tracks
Travel from Berkeley to Financial District
Tennis partner(s) over summer?
Chem 1A Section 4 ?!?!?!
Which is the best ISP in the area?
Sannidhi Shukla: "As far as my parents know, I have everything figured out. When they ask about my plans for the future, I recite the same thing to them word for word and abruptly end the conversation. I know if they ask any more questions my facade of assurance would fall apart into a crying mess."
Ted Edlin, a landlord: "A sitting tenant in Berkeley has saved at least $300,000 in rent payments since the inception of rent control. When they are carried out of the unit they will leave the owner with a unit that will need new plumbing/electrical/kitchen and bath upgrades to say nothing about …"
Samantha Shadrow about Northwestern University: "I moved into the all-freshman, all-female floor of the party dorm which was named the Virgin Vault. … We filed out of the activities room and queued up in line for the bathroom, throwing on our best outfits so we could hit the frats and get wasted."
Anthony Barrs and Baiyu Chen, two Cal grad students, devised Hyperlane, a system with tightly-packed clusters of autonomous vehicles zipping past local traffic at speeds of over 100mph, all on existing roadways. It works like high-speed toll lanes only with a central computer controlling everything.
University of California President Janet Napolitano responded to President Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. UC won't back off on climate change efforts. "I am deeply disappointed in President Trump's decision to withdraw the United States."
A UC Berkeley study of mice reveals how puberty hormones might impede some aspects of flexible youthful learning. While gleaned from young female mice, the findings, published in the June 1 issue of the journal Current Biology, may have broad educational and health implications for girls.
Want to take a 2 unit class here, not a student. Graduating from UC San Diego
received a letter grade instead of p/np?
AP score question
Is the public policy minor program difficult?
Do most students support "safe spaces?"
How hard to get into ASUC?
Poli Sci W145A?
What are my chances California CC transfer
Psych W1?
Summer 2016 credits not showing up on CalCentral?
Do you happen to know a retired couple from Berkeley who is currently traveling in Belgium and the Netherlands? I would like to tell them it made my day to meet them!
Chance Me Community College Transfer
Anyone having trouble enrolling in cs70 discussions?
Pooja Bale: Why UC Berkeley is the best: high school perspective. "Those other UCs ain't got nothin' on us (and neither do those l0sers at $tanfurd)." Our chancellor is the best: How lucky we are to have a man who handles money, reform, assault cases and fences so well. We have a bomb-ass memes page
William Satariano, 70, a longtime professor in the UC Berkeley School of Public Health, died Sunday, May 28, 2017. He earned a Fulbright Senior Scholarship and the Alfred W. Childs Distinguished Service Award for Faculty. A campus memorial service is tentatively scheduled for September.
Undergrad college decision
Gov. Jerry Brown announced the appointment of four new members to the University of California Board of Regents: Maria Anguiano, Howard "Peter" Guber, Lark Park and Ellen Tauscher. Guber, 75, is co-owner and co-executive chairman of the Golden State Warriors basketball team.
Over Memorial Day weekend, threatening fliers popped out of printers, fax machines. A UCPD, FBI investigation found the threats weren't serious. A flier said explosives had been planted in campus buildings. The sender threatened to "blow up this whole block" if $25,000 wasn't wired to their account.
Outgoing chancellor Nicholas Dirks announced the appointment of campus linguistics professor Sharon Inkelas as the Special Faculty Advisor to the Chancellor on Sexual Violence/Sexual Harassment. Inkelas will serve a three-year term beginning July 24 and succeeds Carla Hesse.
EECS department releases new grading guidelines. Dan Garcia: Increasing inflation has leaked into the grading process; students have progressively performed at a higher rate. He explained students were hurt by old guidelines because inflation was prevalent among comparable departments nationwide.
Advise an Incoming Freshman on their Schedule?
I was admitted into Berkeley EECS and into Princeton CS and am wondering which one I should attend this fall?
David Marno?
Want a free ticket to Ryan Adams at the Greek tonight?
Climate Change Denial Club
How useful is the Surface Book for taking notes and as a college laptop? Is note-taking with it useful enough to the point where I should get it over a laptop such as the Razer Blade or the Macbook Pro?
Did anyone hear back from the transfer waitlist yet?
Does anyone have any information about the BASE program in Haas?
BCR Vice President Naweed Tahmas speaks to TIME Magazine on the battle for free speech in Berkeley.
Gyms on Northside
CS194-24 Labs source code?
Question about prerequisites?
Berkeley Police Department: June is officially recognized as National LGBTQ Pride month. Department members may be wearing a Pride lapel pin. We will display the Pride flag in our lobby. BPD will be participating in the annual San Francisco Pride Parade on Sunday, June 25, 2017.
Berkeley has the eighth-highest rent of 30 Bay Area cities. Unemployed renter David Lopez White, who has a 7-month-old baby: His rent is set to go up $500 a month. White: "I was a teacher for 10 years. Now I'm looking for a job in the tech sector. That's what you have to do to afford to live here."
A five-hour standoff last week ended with a woman being taken to the hospital for medical evaluation after several disturbances at her West Berkeley home at the 1100 block of Bancroft Way. She was breaking out her windows by throwing objects into them. She was inside her home and refused to leave.
Isabel Soloaga: "Leaning over the ferry's railing to watch the wake, I struck up conversation with a man who wore a camouflage bandana over his head and a wide smile across his face. I learned that he lives on a houseboat in the Berkeley Marina and takes the ferry to work each morning."
John Doe, an unidentified Cal student, alleged in court he was improperly disciplined in a Title IX sexual misconduct investigation. He was suspended three years until May 15, 2020. The alleged sexual assault occurred October 16, 2016, at Unit 2 Ehrman Residence Hall after a Tau Kappa Epsilon party.
BPD is asking for help in locating Heather Bloom, 40, a cold case missing person at risk. She was last known to be living with her sister at 1612 Parker St., and has been missing since Sept. 11, 2005. Bloom has Down Syndrome, and requires daily medication and regular care.
L&amp;S Computer Science Classes/Scheduling HELP
Has Berkeley's reputation declined?
Gift Aid Gone???
A peek inside Mezzo and Raleigh's in Berkeley
Social Scene at Cal
Has Berkeley's reputation taken a hit?
Vik’s Chaat, House of Curries, Ajanta among Bay Area's best curry places
PSA: Incoming L&amp;S CS freshmen and transfer students must take EE 16B
New Cal and Under Armour Partnership Begins Today
What is the pre-med culture at Berkeley like?
EECS 101 Piazza. Student: Can I have CS70 previous semester discussion solutions? Anant Sahai: "reading problems and solutions is generally a horrible idea … it creates opportunities for you to propagate bad form and cement distortions that arise from conceptual gaps." Study Rosen's textbook instead
Oxford Elementary School students will be temporarily uprooted in 2018-19 due to major $10 million renovations. Oxford classes will be temporarily relocated to West Campus at 2020 Bonar St. The Oxford project is funded with revenue from Measure I, the $210 million bond measure voters passed in 2010.
New York Times ranks UC Berkeley 9th in College Access Index. But state spending is being reduced. Aashna Bhatia, a former out-of-state UC Berkeley student, was set to graduate this spring before she medically withdrew last semester. She said her access to campus is hindered by high tuition costs.
Morgan Robertson: "I remember a time when mistakes were quickly fixed with paper towels, a Band-Aid and a kiss from mom, or maybe ice cream, a trip to the doctor and a hug from dad. We can't turn back the hands of time to childhood. … In this stage in our lives, decisions can be daunting."
Campus English professor emeritus Alex Zwerdling died May 16 after a protracted illness. He was 84. He was chair of the English department hiring committee for several years, "shaping the department by hiring a number of young scholars who contributed a great deal to its current distinction."
The Berkeley City Council unanimously passed a plan Tuesday to divest from Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo is criticized for opening 1.5 million fraudulent deposit accounts, transferring funds without client's knowledge, and financing the private prison industrial complex and the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Berkeley L&amp;S CS question
Does anyone know what happened to Montagues Gourmet Sandwiches?
Easy breadths for fpf sf?
New Floor of Haas Pavilion. Nike Bear is gone!
Will my admission be revoked??
A Course on Marxism? Any Suggestions?
Places to scan documents at Cal
Gender-inclusive locker room planned for UC Berkeley
Best time of year to look for housing? Looking for a friend
EECS culture at Berkeley
Pretending To Be a Freshman at Cal To Rush Frat
Using IB HL Math Credit for Incoming ChemE
Math 1 vs 16 (pre-Haas + CS interest, incoming freshman)
A good place on the Southside for some covfefe?
Thoughts on CS 294-112 and 131
Three Berkeley city councilmembers co-sponsored the ordinance to ban all plastic straws this week. People KPIX 5 spoke with had mixed feelings about the proposed ban. People don't want to pay more for drinks and they don't want to have to carry a metal straw around.
Amazon jumps into investigative journalism with UC Berkeley partnership. Investigative Reporting Program: "This teaching hospital model can fill the void now that newspapers and broadcasters no longer provide on-the-job training for the next generation of reporters, editors, and producers."
Anthony Boodrookas: "My laptop screen confirmed my fears; I hadn't moved for three hours. A long day's journey into night … I sat up alone in bed, eyes glazed over, ingesting my nightly cocktail of Facebook, Reddit, Facebook again, online news, Trump Twitter, news again, Facebook again …"
Sara Tasneem: CA Child marriage laws act as loopholes that allow for statutory rape. In Bay Area, "I was coerced into a spiritual marriage at the age of 15 through a strict religious upbringing and through fear of a father who was physically and mentally abusive toward me for most of my childhood."
Ann-Marie Hogan, Berkeley's City Auditor: "Should the University of California be more like the City of Berkeley? Janet Napolitano is under fire for findings in the recent performance audit of her President’s Office. Maybe UC should take a leaf out of Berkeley's auditing practices?"
Daily Cal Archives. Daniel Hernandez on April 15, 1999: "A 10-hour standoff over the 'whittling down' of UC Berkeley’s ethnic studies department ended late last night when UC police officers arrested more than 40 students who had stormed and locked down Barrows Hall."
CS61A and CS70 over summer
taking bio 1a before chem 3a?
Has anyone taken Spanish R1A or Theater R1A?
Interested in Living in NYC this Summer? - Join IvyStart - the Ivy League's first College Co-living Community for Entrepreneurial students
Doing CS61C over the summer, any tips?
Gift Aid Gone?
How to swap dorm housing assignment?
With Carol Christ in charge, campus police used chokeholds to dismantle 1999 protest
Can any Econ majors weigh in on how viable this schedule is?
UC will no longer pay for regents to have parties even though they were charged to a private endowment, so not covered by public money. Regent Richard Blum: "I said, 'Janet, it's not worth the aggravation. Let's have the regents pay for their own dinners…if they can't pay, I'm happy to pick it up.'"
As Computer Coding Classes Swell, So Does Cheating. "There's a lot of discussion about it, both inside a department as well as across the field," said Randy H. Katz, a Cal EECS professor, who found in a year 100 of his 700 students in a class violated course policy on collaborating or copying code.
As Computer Coding Classes Swell, So Does Cheating. "There’s a lot of discussion about it, both inside a department as well as across the field,” said Randy H. Katz, a Cal EECS professor, who found in a year 100 of his 700 students in a class violated course policy on collaborating or copying code.
Found this in the bathroom
UC Berkeley is teaming up with Google to document a rare solar eclipse set to happen this August — with help from over 1,000 volunteer photographers and amateur astronomers. The last time an eclipse like this moved across the United States was in 1918.
Campus associate professor of architecture M. Paz Gutierrez and her team of graduate students created a giant and intricate replica of the weaver bird’s nest that was displayed at the UC Botanical Garden. The project, titled "Plant Fiber Enclosure: Origins," is created from 400 woven pieces.
Already in a City Council-declared "homeless shelter crisis," the population living on Berkeley's streets and shelters grew to 972 individuals this year — up about 16 percent from 834 persons in 2015.
An investigation into outgoing Chancellor Nicholas Dirks' misuse of public funds, which revealed he failed to pay $4,990, cost the university a total of $57,671 to carry out — more than 10 times the cost of the misused funds — according to invoice documents obtained by The Daily Californian.
Create CalNet ID Issue
Computer Science at Berkeley vs. Davis
Berkeley for a day...
Scholarship and financial aid
FPF classes and Math 1A/1B
Short documentary about current Ohlone issues in the Bay Area. Q &amp; A after the film with Corrina Gould (Founder of Indian People Organizing for Change) and film director Michelle Steinberg after the film!
Advice on classes to take as EECS freshman
EBT Friendly Places in Berkeley?
How useful is the Surface Book for taking notes and as a college laptop? Is note-taking with it useful enough to the point where I should get it over a laptop such as the Razer Blade or the Macbook Pro?
Scheduling advice for an incoming freshman?
Scheduling advice for incoming freshman?
Bear Transit can be pretty confusing – so, I made some basic maps of the shuttle routes
Looking for Possible Interviewees!
Just graduated - where can I find my final gpa?
Discussion Importance
Design Innovation Courses?
How useful is the Surface Book for taking notes and as a college laptop? Is note-taking with it useful enough to the point where I should get it over a laptop such as the Razer Blade or the Macbook Pro?
Contacting GSIs before the semester starts
UC Berkeley, seen from the hills 50 years ago. (Photograph by Ansel Adams)
Anant Sahai on why undergrad education is important for a multi-decade CS career like learning the basics of control theory, the SVD and PCA: "Instead, Industry just discards people who don't have current foundational understanding and replaces them with fresh graduates instead. Brutal, but true…"
Elad Alon on EECS grading guidelines' first update since 1989: "The reason for the change in the average target was largely driven by more accurately reflecting actual practice." 1989 lower division: 17% A's, 50% B's, 20% C's, 10% D's, and 3% F's. 2017: 35% A's, 45% B's, 13% C's, and 7% D's and F's.
Anant Sahai on getting into Berkeley for a CS PhD: "In areas (like AI/ML) where there are lots of applicants that cross the very high quality bar, hard choices have to be made because there is limited faculty advising bandwidth. In general, these choices are made on the basis of "fit'".
Eleanor McFarland Blume, 31, and Samuel Brook Houshower, 36, married May 27, 2017. They received law degrees from the University of California, Berkeley, where they met. She is a special assistant attorney general in California. He from 2010 to 2016 was an associate counsel to President Barack Obama
The night before the University of California Board of Regents voted to raise student tuition to help cash-strapped campuses, they threw themselves a party at the luxury Intercontinental Hotel in SF and billed the university. The tab for the Jan. 25 banquet: $17,600 for 65 people, or $270 a head.
David Leonhardt: "The top five colleges in this year's College Access Index ranking are still University of California campuses: Irvine, Santa Barbara, Davis, San Diego and Los Angeles. Berkeley ranks ninth. … Yet even as California remains a leader, it is also inching away from its legacy."
Easy classes?
Want to take English classes, do I need to start with 45ABC?
Moving out next week: any advice on how to sell/donate all my furniture so I don't have to throw it out?
Best/easiest teacher for COMLIT R1B?
Living near frat houses?
How many semesters does a transfer student have?
Anyone commute from Richmond or Emeryville?
Innovation right in Berkeley's backyard. Scott Rubin, a campus doctoral student in the music department, is working on "Naked to the Sky". Alpha60 is a data scraper and geospatialization tool pioneered at Cal. Computational and systems neuroscientist Kristofer Bouchard, is exploring deep learning.
Melany Dillon on democratization of data science: "Besides searching for evidence of Dirks’ misuse of public funds, citizen science has other uses such as data collection. The Stardust Mission, a UC Berkeley-based NASA project, [used] the global power of the internet to collect mass data."
UC Berkeley students' theses find themselves squarely on the cutting edge. Allison Place, media studies, "A Counter-Hegemonic Force on Public Discourse: an Analysis on Black Twitter". Jonathan Quartin, applied mathematics, "A Topological Approach to the Inverse Galois Problem".
Activists from Direct Action Everywhere, an animal rights advocacy group, held protests outside various restaurants and grocery stores in Berkeley on Saturday evening. "Animals want to live, just like us," various protesters chanted in unison outside Saturn Cafe. "Animals want love, just like us."
Samantha Shadrow: "In the four years since I graduated high school, I've attended four different colleges: an elite private school, a community college, a small liberal-arts school and a large public research institution …[At Cal] I printed out my first week's worth of reading, saw the sheer volume"
Can you access Berkeley video lectures if you are not a student?
EECS majors with low GPAs, how do you go about getting internships?
Summer Double for $250/month!!!
UC Berkeley: A Year in Review
Muslim-American activist Linda Sarsour's commencement speech at City University of New York School of Public Health raises conservatives' ire (including Milo's). Fred Smith Jr., a Cal constitutional scholar: The controversy was a reminder of bipartisan nature of the outcry over free-speech issues.
How hard is Stat 134?
Which class is easiest to get a B+ or higher in, Math 1B, 53, or 54?
Ridiculously Theatrical Graduation Speech from CS TA Ross Teixeira
First Semester Freshman Year Course Selection for EECS
The Day Of the 50-Year Span
Thoughts on CS 61A + CS 70 over the summer?
Grade still missing
How is Data 8 (Stat C8) + Stat 88 connector course without any prior programming experience?
This spring, the sixth Philip Brett LGBT Studies Fellow was chosen from a field of 21 graduate student applicants from a wide range of disciplines. Brandon Callender, a Cal doctoral candidate in English, received the highest accolades of this year's faculty selection committee and a $4,000 award.
Madison Hildenbrand, who finished her freshman year, on surviving and thriving in Berkeley engineering. "Don’t take 17 units at one time! I wish I could have told myself how important it is to study on your own, outside of class. I would tell myself to go beyond the textbook."
Eric Clanton, a former community college philosophy professor linked online to violent assaults with a metal bike lock during a "free speech" rally in Berkeley April 15, was charged Friday with four counts of assault with a deadly weapon. The man who was struck needed five staples to fix the injury.
Florence Revzin Hicks, one of Berkeley's most creative and energetic teachers, died on Dec. 10, 2016. She was 96. She attended Cal but quit school to work in a war materials machine shop in Oakland during WWII. After retirement she was active in the peace movement and was incarcerated at Santa Rita.
School of Information alumna Holly Liu (MIMS 2003) returned to Cal as keynote speaker for School of Information's 2017 graduation ceremony. Liu recounted her ten-year journey from career dissatisfaction that led her to apply to MIMS, to cofounding gaming giant Kabam, Inc., a billion dollar company.
PhD graduate Jen King challenged universities and the tech sector to do a better job accommodating parents in her commencement speech at the School of Information's graduation ceremony on Saturday. Dean AnnaLee Saxenian shared her own memories; she had her two children while a new professor at Cal.
What math to take as L&amp;S freshman for CS?
What's open late &amp; near campus?
Memes for Edgy Teens made fun of humanities, so here's an op-ed ranting about why they're wrong.
New CS intended transfer here, taking CS61B(Hilfinger), CS70(Rao), ESPM50AC, and a decal over fall 17. How much workload is this?
How to check my GPA?
Does stat 20 help with cs70 or stat 134?
Experiences with these classes?
David Culler, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences, was appointed to be interim dean for the newly created Division of Data Sciences. He will begin his new role on July 1 for a two-year term. He joined the Cal faculty in 1989, and since then has served as EECS department chair.
Doctors are hopeful Cal rugby player Robert Paylor may eventually recover some feeling. He has some strength in his biceps, can move wrists slightly and feel down to his toe. His spinal cord injury caused weakened abdominal and lung muscles, making it difficult for him to cough and get rid of mucus.
Pablo Gomez, a non-binary person charged with murder in the January stabbing death of a Berkeley woman and attempted murder has pleaded not guilty to all charges. In charging documents, Emilie Inman is the victim of the attempted murder and assault, while another person is the victim of the robbery.
Isabel Soloaga: There are waterfalls behind the Berkeley rose gardens, tunnels underneath campus, an art history department bathroom with clear views of Golden Gate. I get the sense we students don't know Berkeley. The demands of the self-designated "No. 1 public university in the world" coop us up.
Berkeley residents paying more for their soda-taxed beverages may soon have to enjoy drinks without aid of an environmental menace: the plastic straw. On Tuesday, Berkeley City Council will consider the creation of an ordinance to ban the use of plastic straws in bars, restaurants, and coffee shops.
Owner move-in evictions are increasing in Berkeley for renters of single family houses and duplexes (73 between July 2013 and June 2016 compared to 31 between July 2010 to June 2013). Landlords must pay a $15,000 relocation fee to all tenant households where at least one lived there at least a year.
Help! Psych 167AC College of Chemistry requirement Question
Renting from Premium Properties/AP Management
EECS major elective recommendations?
Scott Shenker delivering what I think was a really important message in his speech at CS graduation.
Are there any benefits to being pre-med at Berkeley?
How to make some quick money?
Anyone know what just caught fire?
EBT Friendly Eats?
Looking for parking for the summer
Would taking Stats C8 prepare me as much as Stats 20 for Econ 140(econometrics)?
Is ENGIN 93 graded or is it P/NP?
Medical Marijuana?
Does Stat 20 help at all with CS70 or Stats requirements?
Anyone know who the instructors for summer sessions EE16A are?
Austin Isaacsohn: "The lack of overbearing schoolwork and beautiful absolution of academic deadlines leaves one wanting for a new and passionate pursuit—one that, perhaps, won't be given a letter grade…The sun's out and looking gorgeous, the fruit is succulent, and hopeful motivation fills the air."
Morgan Robertson: "In my first year at UC Berkeley I struggled to pass my stats class and I had to enroll in college writing. I saw failure looming in the distance. As a hopeful English major, I was devastated. I really second-guessed my ability to be a writer, to be successful in this environment."
Robert Krumme: Berkeley homeless policy and the moral hazard problem. Berkeley should emulate what the Victorians did — redirect all homeless aid to private sector control. "For homelessness, it is particularly difficult to filter out the exploiters from the genuinely needy."
Uri Treisman, a Cal math grad student 40 years ago, investigated why so many black undergrads were failing calculus while Chinese students were excelling. He created Emerging Scholars Program, bringing black/Latino students to work in groups. Blacks and Latinos began to outperform whites and Asians.
Cal's Pimentel Hall is named after George Pimentel, a Cal chemistry professor for four decades. On May 15, the importance of Pimentel's work was recognized as the Mars IRS was officially designated an American Chemical Society National Historic Chemical Landmark.
Blake Wentworth, a former assistant professor in Cal's South and Southeast Asian Studies department, was dismissed by Chancellor Dirks after Wentworth was found to have violated Cal's Faculty Code of Conduct and Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment Policy by sexually harassing four students.
Freshman fall semester schedule question
Berkeley: College professor arrested as assault suspect
Computer Science - freshman
FPF Schedule - Thoughts??
Really confused on enrolling in courses.
What to do after CS189?
Transfer to Cornell (Dyson) or stay at Berkeley (pre-Haas, would need to apply to Haas next semester)
Intro econ classes
Things to do at Cal RN?
Advice for a Community College Transfer to EECS
Grading on curve meaning?
Planning for CS 70/CS 61C in the Fall
Made this anonymous image board to talk about CS classes without punishment from He'll-finger.
Books for college
CS students, considering the curve, how difficult is it to get an A in Berkeley?
What's it like sharing a bathroom with loads of people?
[#12] Can't find housing? "Rent Control" not really living up to the hype? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!
How to get unofficial transcript?
Unit 1 and its amenities!
Feras Fahed Abushaar's Syrian father and Palestinian mother had lost their homelands to war. At Cal, he majored in political economy and was the student speaker at the International and Area Studies graduation. At Cal, he spearheaded an initiative with UNHCR that supported 23 Syrian refugee families
Chana Bloch died from cancer at her Berkeley home on May 19. She taught Hebrew at Cal in the early 1970s and returned numerous times to deliver lectures. Her translation of the book Open Closed Open with Chana Kronfeld, a UC Berkeley professor of Near Eastern studies, won the PEN Translation Prize.
Chez Panisse chef Cal Peternell will hang up his chef's jacket on July 5 after 22 years with the Chez Panisse family. Peternell said the landscape changed the most in terms of labor. "[I]t's also just hard for restaurants to pay cooks a wage that could let them live in the Bay Area comfortably."
The owner and operator of the Fulton Rest Home at 2555 Fulton St., an independent living facility for men with disabilities in Berkeley, told residents they had 60 days until June 20 to clear out. Many of the over dozen men don't know where they'll go. And there isn't an abundance of housing options
Nichole Bloom: My Resting Approachable Face. "For years I have been the go-to photographer for many tourists. … The target for any and all Sproulers all through college. …and (one of my crowning glories) the lucky gal holding up the bride's wedding gown as she pees during the reception."
The Tennis Ranking Network determined the Cal tennis team's incoming freshman recruiting class is the best in the nation. Cal was also ranked first in the winter rankings. Cal's six-man recruiting class consists of Jacob Brumm, Paul Barretto, Ben Draper, Jack Molloy, Jackson Suh and Thomas Wright.
Advice for a community college transfer to EECS.
Will I get my ass kicked freshman year? [Pre-Med NutriSci hopeful]
What has been the best experience you've had at UC Berkeley?
Selling Apartment in Berkeley
Will I get my ass kicked?
Summer philosophy/English research
Things to do at Cal in May and Early June?
Things to do at Cal in May and Early June?
Aren't grades supposed to be finalized by now??
Staying a 9th Semester...possible?
Staying at Berkeley to try and declare CS or transferring back home to my State University? CS61B and CS70 advice
graduation
Foothill v Unit 3
best semester to study abroad
Another one: Where the fuck do you all live?
Fundraiser
Housing in Berkeley from August till February??? Help needed please
Advice for a community college transfer to EECS.
How to find out overlapping classes b/w 2 majors?
What exactly does IEOR comprise of? Is it worth pursuing as a double major with EECS?
Need help with designing a freshman first semester schedule, any recommendations?
UC Berkeley-Bound valedictorian Neng Thao, 18, of Fresno's Edison High School, drowned May 20 in the San Joaquin River. The youngest of 10 children, he wanted to major in political science, become a pharmacist, and planned to one day run for office. A GoFundMe seeks to raise money for his memorial.
May 24, 1942, Berkeley voters went to the polls in a special election to approve a new tax to fund local wartime emergency preparations. The measure, which would raise "as much as $473,334 for a minimum of wartime protection" narrowly passed, with a vote margin of 800 out of over 14,000 ballots cast
Howard Curtis: Daily Cal is a shill for developers. "Haven't you exploited us longtime Berkeley residents enough already? I guess in this age of Trump where greed is king, we lower-class working people just have to drop our drawers, bend over and let you business types have your way with us."
Anthony Boodrookas: "I found myself alone in the Unit 2 residence hall at UC Berkeley, staring out of my open eighth floor window onto a quad cloaked in fog. It was terrifying to snap back into my mind and realize that for the past five minutes I had been entertaining the idea of jumping out."
John Dean, former White House counsel to president Richard Nixon; national security expert Malcolm Nance and Congresswoman Barbara Lee discussed presidential accountability at a town hall titled :Nixon to Trump: Perspectives on Presidential Power" Sunday at Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School.
Paladin Drones, a startup created by campus freshman Divyaditya Shrivastava, aims to decrease response time and increase information for firefighters through innovative unmanned aerial vehicle — drone — technology. Paladin began as an idea when one of his friends lost everything in a fire.
Longshot but..... Any two roommates who got a double looking for a triple?
Experiences at Foothill
berkeleytime
housing too expensive!
Summer sublet question
Help with closed upper division math courses?
Housing Help (Clark Kerr Suite Triple)
Any networking or mentors for Cal alumni turning entrepreneur?
Question about transferrable math classes through California Community Colleges?
Questions keeping up with an overfilled class you're tryina get into
Freshman housing questions
Berkeley Engineering Out of State Acceptance rate
EECS transfer, which dorms should i apply for?
Piazza UI Survey! (2 mins)
Piazza UI Survey! (2 mins)
Personal Insight Questions
Textbooks for free
How hard is it to find an apartment with a lease that starts in August or September? When should I be looking?
Interest in a Berkeley/Berkeley CS Q&amp;A Livestream?
FPF San Francisco
EECS 101 Piazza: "Discussion: Why is Berkeley CS so highly ranked?" "I know [Cal] is in the top trifecta of CS schools along with Stanford and MIT. I emailed Prof. Sahai recently, and he mentioned Berkeley is the #1 CS program, alongside MIT. I'm wondering what makes our program so highly regarded."
FPF/Haas at Berkeley
EECS 101 Piazza: Can CS170 be taken without 70? Anant Sahai: Can you do 70's HW/exams easily? "They should further agree not to take a slot in office hours unless nobody else is waiting. …Basically, someone without the prereqs shouldn't inadvertently cause a burden on others including course staff."
Health Insurance at UC Berkeley
Berkeley sociologist Arlie Hochschild left her liberal bubble—where she lives with her husband, Mother Jones magazine co-founder Adam Hochschild, and where, until recently, she taught sociology at Cal—to spend five years on and off in Trump's America in Louisiana, where God, guns and big oil rule.
A quotes database from the "best commencement speeches" since 1774 offers several Berkeley pithy remarks including Anne Lamott's 2003 "Fake doesn't feed anything. Only spirit feeds spirit," and Vera Rubin's 1996 "We need senators who have studied physics and representatives who understand ecology."
The Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive raised $750K for museum programming, exhibitions and education at their Share the Love Gala on May 2. Of that sum, $107K is earmarked for BAMPFA's student work-study program.
MSW Program
Has anyone taken IND ENG 190B Entrepreneurial Marketing &amp; Finance?
Where can I get help regarding course selection as an FPF SF incoming freshman?
Where can I get help regarding course selection? I'm an incoming freshman!
Alison Gopnik, Cal psychology professor: 4-Year-Olds Don't Act Like Trump. "In my lab we have found 4-year-olds recognize that their own past beliefs might have been wrong. Trump contradicts himself without hesitation and doesn't seem to recognize any conflict between his past and present beliefs."
Subletting a room for $350/month this summer
Interested in majoring in Asian Studies, any advice?
The Most Overasked Question... Housing [Apartments]
Are there any overnight parking structures in Berkeley?
UC Berkeley Doubts
I forgot to do the parent information form due yesterday and I'm in panic mode right now.
Diva Duchess
Annoying international, looking for suggestions!
EECS 101 Piazza: March 22, 2017, update on Data Science major by Professors Cathryn Carson and David Culler. "Requirements can be outlined by the end of the fall: hopefully, people could graduate with it in the spring."
A motorist in a sedan crashed north of Russell Street, on Benvenue Avenue, after possibly hitting numerous other vehicles after Saturday at 10.m. BPD detained at least two to three people who ran from the crashed car. BPD: "We're still trying to sort it out, why these youngsters crashed."
UCPD is actively investigating a sexual assault that allegedly occurred in a vehicle in the Lawrence Hall of Science Terrace Parking Lot Wednesday evening. The victim, described as a female with no campus affiliation, met the suspect in Berkeley after corresponding through a dating website.
Berkeley's City Council considered Tuesday leveling new fees on below market rate (BMR) apartments, including a onetime $10,000 "set-up fee" and a perpetual $450/year fee (payable by the landlord) on each new BMR home. Berkeley plans to spend $150,000 on oversight this year and $289,000 in 2018.
DJ Khaled shocked UC Berkeley statistics students by crashing their graduation ceremony. DJ Khaled: "They didn’t believe in me at one time in my lifetime. I had to bet on myself. And look at me now; I'm onstage with young kids and queens and a generation of geniuses that's going to run the world."
Marshawn Lynch, the star running back and Cal graduate, led a massive parade Saturday afternoon of 300 to 400 bicyclists from Oakland Tech High School down College Avenue through Berkeley. In April, Lynch signed a contract with the Oakland Raiders, a deal that'll bring the athlete out of retirement.
Retaking CS61A: Can I do it?
Any tips for an incoming transfer for housing?
financial aid question?
Does anybody have a bike i can borrow for the summer?
Bored, anyone wanna kick it?
Taking CS 160 in the fall, what do I need to do to prepare?
Salary Years After Graduation
Upper div Haas Classes (transfer students)
MCB Transfer Need Some Advice???
Will I be able to survive Applied Math (Got a C in CS70)
Was dismissed from college, and hoping to get back but...I need help please...
Does anybody have a cheap or old computer tower I can have?
Nutritional Science First Semester Schedule
Advice on Berkeley choirs?
EECS 101 Piazza: Student: Is CS at Cal worth than its reputation? Will this mental struggle continue until graduation? Another student: "By the end of the day, you will realize that it's totally worth it with 6-figure-base salary offers in your hand and watching others struggling for their lives."
Anant Sahai: Nobody in the real world cares "whether you majored in Math or double majored in Math. Not grad schools, not employers, not prospective spouses, not your neighbors, nobody. Maybe there's some discount coupon somewhere, who knows. But you get the idea. Education isn't collecting badges."
Harriet J. Taylor, 77, who was recognized for her contribution to SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome) research, died May 12. In 1969 she moved to Berkeley where she was employed by the City of Berkeley Health Department, becoming the Director of Public Health Nursing and California SIDS Program.
AnnaLee Saxenian, dean of Berkeley's School of Information, discusses a California law banning noncompete agreements. The agreements are meant to prevent employees from taking trade secrets to new jobs. The ban is often credited as a key spur to Silicon Valley's development as a hub of innovation.
Police arrested a 15-year-old boy Monday at 9:15pm after a strong-arm robbery at Bancroft and Piedmont near Cal. Two teenagers robbed a pedestrian of her property. She and a witness followed the robbers and saw one of them flee in a newer-model four-door sedan, "leaving the second suspect behind."
Harriet J. Taylor, 77, who was recognized for her contribution to SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome), died May 12. In 1969 she moved to Berkeley where she was employed by the City of Berkeley Health Department, eventually becoming the Director of Public Health Nursing and California SIDS Program.
The computer science commencement: Division chair James Demmel announced CS is the largest major on campus, as well as the one with the highest starting salaries. Commencement speaker Gavin Newom: "As you pursue wealth and fame and success in your own career, don't do it at the expense of others."
Has anyone gotten accepted to the Berkeley Summer Experience program?
Phillips Hue Lights for Unit Housing?
Does Calcentral update grades over the weekend?
What happens if you don't fulfill R1B by Spring of Sophomore year?
New app created by Berkeley students; given an article, detects whether it's fake, the site's political stance and a summary
RSF as a recent grad
I found out what my GPA is and now I'm discouraged about my chances of transferring for physics.
Learned what my GPA was and now I'm discouraged about my chances of transferring for physics.
Transferring into Haas from another UC
[math 110] Linear algebra textbook in more depth?
2 Cal sophomores are getting national attention for building a tool to fight fake news with artificial intelligence
FPF Choices
Incoming English Student -- review my schedule?
Transfer Student - Summer Course Issue
What's the general reputation of E7, and tips on how to succeed?
Robert Patrick Van Tooke: "The fire trails are iconic. They're a timeless masterpiece in Cal's tradition, a lyric in 'The California Drinking Song' and 'Big C.' The eastern foothills are Oski's outlet for mischief, the home of his lair. … And goddamn. These hills make me feel good."
Because of Cal's commencement weekend, Airbnb hosted over 44,000 guest nights in Berkeley and Oakland — generating $8 million in economic activity. Berkeley Rent Board Commissioner Leah Simon-Weisberg: If you have rented your residential unit in the past 10 years it is illegal to host it on Airbnb.
Former campus mathematics lecturer Alexander Coward announced that he will return to campus to teach math in the College of Engineering's Pre-Engineering Program, or PREP, for the upcoming summer in a personal Facebook post Friday. the agreement is only for him to teach for two-and-a-half weeks.
Homes in Oakland, Berkeley flatlands are gaining popularity. Nancy Duff, a Berkeley real-estate broker with 40 years' experience: "These young tech kids aren't concerned about [views]. They want to be close to transportation." 1354 Virginia St. in Berkeley listed for $999,000. Sold for: $1.3 million
Newton Nguyen (geophysics 2016): After failing his first math class freshman year he feared he might never make it to graduation. Nguyen had a pretty good reason for his first semester struggles: He had gone blind. He is now enrolled in a Ph.D. program at Caltech. "I had to learn how to 'see code.'"
EECS professor Avideh Zakhor, inventor of the 3-D modeling technology underlying Google Earth and Street View, is now turning her attention indoors. Her new startup -- Indoor Reality -- aims to create virtual reality and augmented reality technology for the mapping of building interiors.
Pre-Med Majors
Has anyone taken IND ENG 185 Challenge Lab?
GPA blues
HELL YEAH!
Longboarding Berkeley Hills
Best place to sell clothes
DJ Khaled @ Statistics Commencement
FPF San Francisco vs. January Start
Declaring L&amp;S CS Major
What's Berkeleys annual budget?
Does this courseload look too hard?
Are those riots still going on?
Is it a bad idea to appeal a grade if I want a letter of recommendation from the professor of that class?
Have grades already been updated today (5/18) on calcentral?
Addressing common misconceptions about CS 188: Artificial Intelligence
Best elective classes to take as an Econ major?
OCF Down?
worried about the future..
Univision's show Primer Impacto profiles graduating senior and Cal Nerds participant Carlos Sierra, now on his way to working on a physics doctorate at University of Michigan. Sierra had struggled with various family and peer issues in high school but after community college transferred to Berkeley.
Erwin Chemerinsky, 64, founding dean of UC Irvine School of Law, was named the dean of UC Berkeley School of Law. He is a constitutional law scholar and will serve as Berkeley Law's 13th dean, replacing interim Dean Melissa Murray, who took the job after Dean Sujit Choudhry resigned in March 2016.
Berkeley Landmarks Preservation Commission landmarked the 1897 building that formerly housed University Laundry, which was operated by as many as five Japanese American families from about 1914 to 1942. The two-story, mixed-use building at 2526-2530 Shattuck Ave. is at the corner of Blake Street.
Police arrested Donald Harry, 23, of Redlands, Sunday morning after a woman said he sexually assaulted her in a North Berkeley apartment building. According to online records from the Alameda County sheriff's office, Harry remains in custody at Santa Rita Jail with a bail of $400,000.
Berkeley baby Josie Rooney has Tetralogy of Fallot, the same condition Jimmy Kimmel's son has. Nurse Rick de Peña, who works the graveyard shift, is a 6-foot tall, 240-pound motorcycle enthusiast. "On his last shift with Josie, when she was still pretty critical, he painted her toenails bright red."
The Oaks Theater, a Berkeley historical landmark on Solano Avenue, is for sale or lease by owner John Gordon. The 1,000 seat-capacity theatre, which closed in 2010 because of competition from similar theatre venues, is now on the market for $4.25 million. It was built in 1925 by the Reid Brothers.
bmail account disabled?
Obnoxious Haas/Econ Question
Is this grade distribution unusually harsh (Econ 140)?
Can I skip 61B and self study the material instead?
Interested in living in the Co-Ops? Read this! (Updated for 2017)
Are there any budget-friendly yoga classes at Cal or in Berkeley area?
Is there anywhere I can donate my cap and gown?
Did anyone else have Chem 3AL with Chang?
Didn't make Econ Major Cutoff
summer financial aid disbursement question?
Completing Seven Course Breadth at Community College
Ken Krueger: "I was recruited to attend UC Berkeley in the early '60s. One of the things my tour guide took me to was Harmon Gym, where a Nazi was speaking. … Everyone listened respectfully. … Obviously the speaker could not answer the educated questions from UC Berkeley's brilliant students."
Street Spirit's May 2017 Issue: Youth Design a Tiny House Village in Berkeley (page 5). "Hate Man Chose Life on the Streets Until the End" obituary (page 2). Street Spirit is the longtime newspaper voice of the homeless and their advocates in the East Bay.
Joe Simonson on Daily Cal's podcast featuring Cal students having sex and masturbating. "I gave a call to editor in chief Karim Doumar to see if he could help me identify any of the sounds on 'Hard &amp; Soft,' to which he responded that the paper does not provide comment on content 'like this.'"
Berkeley Art Center's 50th-anniversary celebration will be Saturday, May 27, from 1 to 5 p.m. It has put on many provocative shows in its 50-year history but now faces challenges about how to pay for its building. Mark Bryan, an artist, created Trump art titled "The Nightmare" and "Trump-o-matic".
Bob Sayles, a 1952 UC Berkeley alumnus who led the more than $40 million restoration of Berkeley's castle-like Bowles Hall, died Sunday at age 85. Sayles and a handful of other "Bowlesmen" launched an ambitious campaign in 2005 to reestablish the residential college where they had once lived.
A local chapter of the League of Women Voters, or LWV, hosted Mayor Jesse Arreguín of Berkeley and other officials to discuss the housing crisis at Thursday meeting. Arreguín: The tech industry has not met its obligation in housing its employees, thus pushing populations into the East Bay.
Is there any way the UC Merced subreddit can be popularized?
Lab Work and Summer Classes
How do you study in UC Berkeley CNR
Failed to Declare Economics Major - in deep shit :(
What are some good "I'll save half of this food for later" places in Berkeley?
Advice on CS61B and CS 70
Anyone taking CS61BL or Data structures/algo this summer? Help beta test a community?
Anyone taking CS61BL or Data structures/algo this summer? Help beta test a community?
Things to do for non-Berkeley students?
Cal and St. Mary's agree to 3 game series in Men's Basketball. 2017 - Berkeley, 2018 - Moraga, 2019 - Berkeley
To all the new graduates (and anyone else with a story) what did you love the most about your time here at Cal?
Cal alum Dick Beahrs recalls MLK's visit to Berkeley 50 years ago on May 17, 1967. "I came from a conservative home in Palo Alto. And one of the things I was taken aback by was that public figures wouldn't come to Berkeley to speak. … I got Robert Kennedy to come, and I got King to come."
UC Berkeley administration has approved Recreational Sports' proposal to renovate existing locker rooms at the Recreational Sports Facility (RSF) to include a new 4,500 square foot gender-inclusive locker room. Construction is expected to begin in Spring 2018.
Berkeley High School grad Daveed Diggs was back in the East Bay last week to help raise $1.6 million in funds for UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital Oakland. Diggs won both a Grammy and a Tony for his spectacular portrayal of Marquis de Lafayette and Thomas Jefferson in the hit Broadway show Hamilton.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Robert Paylor's paralysis makes athletic injustices more apparent. The UC Berkeley athletic insurance program is paying his medical bills, as it should. His family friend has still felt the need to set up a GoFundMe campaign. Are Cal Athletics and the campus doing enough?
Justin Knight: "Baby fever is a plastic, far away feeling for me. I don't have ovaries, nor does my boyfriend, nor have most of my sexual partners. But part of me wants to get somebody pregnant someday, and I don't mean a surrogate. In all likelihood, I'll get to cook a baby in a tube."
A new online delivery service called Kiwi has come to UC Berkeley, making use of small wheeled robots to deliver food all across campus. The KiwiBot uses binocular computer vision to navigate the grounds around campus but is also aided by humans. Kiwi has 15 robots operating around campus every day.
Ibser for Stat 134? Thoughts?
Can't Find Cal Basketball Jerseys Anywhere?
Proof that Berkeley makes you weird
Selling books back to Moe's vs Half-Price?
New transfer student here, can no longer access CalCentral.
Tips for Spring admit?
Animal Accomodations - Cal Housing
Why did I get zero financial aid?
A structure of division: Berkeley High School attempts to tackle segregation on campus. As Berkeley High School's five learning communities have become more racially divided, parents and students often choose those schools where they see other students of their race more clearly represented.
Speaking Sunday to political science graduates at Cal, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra voiced the traditional exhortation to go out and change the world. He has pledged to defend California against Trump's immigration policies, including travel bans and threats to defund sanctuary cities.
May 14, 1969, students and activists clashed with the police over People's Park, a three-acre plot owned by the University of California, Berkeley. Governor Ronald Reagan sent in the National Guard on Bloody Thursday: "If it takes a blood bath to silence the demonstrators, let's get it over with."
Junior Megan Bradley has been named Female Athlete of the Year by Cal Sport Clubs, a division of the campus's Rec Sports program. Her athletic accomplishments include a gold medal at the 2016 USA National Mountain Bike Championship and the NICA Rider of the Year award by InterBike.
Cal profs paid 2nd-highest salaries among all public doctoral institutions. Michigan: 3rd. Benjamin Hermalin: "Ann Arbor is a 51% cheaper place to live than Berkeley. If Berkeley matched Michigan on a cost-of-living basis, the $162,846 average salary at U of M would need to be $329,553 at Berkeley."
Any 1 year econ transfers?
Is there an intermediate to advanced level game developing club?
Jonathan Chow, a Republican at UC Berkeley: "But instead of discovering open-minded individuals ready to debate their views, I found myself silenced by my liberal peers. In search of political and moral support, I joined the Berkeley College Republicans at the beginning of this school year."
How to check academic progress?
Is there a marketplace specific to Berkeley where I can sell a textbook for a class?
UC Berkeley Doubts
[X-post from /r/NBA] Cal's Jaylen Brown
I am planning to major in Math and CS. I've completed all of the lower division classes for Math prior to coming to Berkeley. Will I ever need a graphing calculator again?
Where do you guys usually park around the campus?
Incoming freshman. Question about grades.
What advantages/disadvantages does Berkeley (a large public school in an urban area) have compared to a smaller private school in a rural area?
Anybody selling parking spots?
Graduating senior Natalie Ruiz credits many for helping her make it through college while raising a tyke, suffering a dire illness, and working stints as a legislative intern, GED tutor at San Quentin State Prison, and research assistant. 3.9 GPA in her double major in sociology and social welfare.
The runners-up for the University Medal – Helia Bidad, Giana Cirolia, Tucker Huffman and Sam Kumar – are distinguished scholars in their own right (they carry a GPA of 3.96 or higher) and will receive a $500 award as a tribute to their academic efforts. Grant Schroeder won the medal ($2,500 prize).
Iranian-American stand-up comic and actor Maz Jobrani (political science and Italian 1993) championed free speech – even for conservative provocateurs – and took swings at anti-immigrant sentiment in an alternately funny and serious speech to 45,000 at at UC Berkeley's May 2017 Commencement.
Three-hour stream of University of California, Berkeley Commencement Convocation 2017
For UC Berkeley journalism graduate Levi Bridges, life on a farm led to Russia, Mexico — and journalism. He plans to return to Mexico in June, the big idea — financed, in part, by a $10,000 award in Berkeley's Big Ideas competition — to tell the stories of transients in migrant shelters.
At Cal's Student Parent Center, Baby Bear Gown Lending Project has operated since 2012. Noah Silva (psychology 2017), single mother with son Noah, 5: "It was essential for Noah to feel a sense of pride by wearing a cap and gown like Mommy, to see what dedication looks like, what hard work demands."
housing search during mid july?
Wow CS61a lecture sizes have gotten out of control
How Hard are Summer Session Courses?
Stuff People Love About Cal
UC Berkeley
Advice for incoming fall 2017 History major?? (transfer student)
Bioengineering?!?!
pass no pass after deadline
Transfer Housing
Antifa jump and beat up a journalist.
What do you guys think of the commencement speaches?
Made keynote speaker bingo to pass the time, let's see how we do...
Interviewing a current student or alumni!
Last minute Commencement
Did I pass CS70?
Did I pass CS 70?
Melanie Archipley (astrophysics, physics and German 2017): My best piece of advice is fail early, fail often. "But it seems to me UC Berkeley churns out a number of panicked students who are not at peace with the reality of failure—and, pardon my language, it kind of fucks them up in a big way."
Melanie Archipley (astrophysics, physics and German 2017): "Learning how to fail with grace is inarguably the most valuable skill I learned at UC Berkeley, where demolishing my expectations and reformulating my goals were key steps in my personal, academic and professional development."
Rachel Feder (English 2017): "So as college begins to wind down and I look ahead to a completed thesis, one final and two graduations, it's hard to stare down the uncertain future with as much conviction as I might like. The only thing I can say with any certainty is it'll never be this way again."
Kathy Tran, a first-generation student (political science and Asian American and Asian Diaspora studies 2017): "In 2010, I took an eight-hour Greyhound bus trip as a young freshman in high school to visit UC Berkeley for the first time through the Southeast Asian Student Coalition Summer Institute."
Three weeks into first semester at Cal, 21-year-old sociology/social welfare double major Natalie Ruiz found she was pregnant with Clara, 3. "My first thought was, 'I'm going to drop out.'" Now she will graduate with high honors and a 3.97 GPA and give her department's undergrad commencement speech.
Junior Megan Bradley was named Female Athlete of the Year by Cal Sport Clubs. The landscape architecture student was honored for her commitment to Cal Cycling, not just as an athlete, but as team president. Her accomplishments include a gold medal at the 2016 USA National Mountain Bike Championship.
The Berkeley location of The Sandwich Spot is closing on May 24. Co-owner Bill Armanino, Jr.: "It's just time to get out of Berkeley. I had a year left on my lease and with rents and the minimum wage going up, my kind of business won't be able to survive. We just decided to get out a year early."
Kamau Berlin, 21, who was found guilty of fatally stabbing Nancy McClellan, 72, in South Berkeley in 2014, was sentenced to 21 years to life in prison Friday before Judge Jeffrey Horner in Alameda County Superior Court. Berlin: "I am very sorry from the core of my heart. She did not deserve this."
are we allowed to bring laptops to commencement?
Can we use the RSF over summer even if we're not enrolled?
Is the rsf open next week?
Housing Suggestions
I Met the White Nationalist Who "Falcon Punched" a 95-Pound Female Protester Berkeley police won't say whether or not they plan to arrest the alt-right's new hero, Nathan Damigo.
Undergraduate Research Opportunities for Freshmen
Late Housing App
Difficulty of Oral Proficiency Test
First Year Pathway Discussion
Divya Suri on her first breaking point (psychology/media studies 2017): "I still remember during dead week, after pulling several all-nighters and chugging cans of Red Bull, I felt so physically ill I could not eat, sleep or concentrate. It was the first time I'd…confided in others for support."
Daily Cal's Hard and Soft podcast: "Here's a fun treat for you while you bask in the glory of finishing up your last finals. (… this'll serve as some last-minute motivation to get down and dirty afterwards.) It's a little audio pleasure with recordings of your fellow Cal students doing the deed."
Graduating student veteran Joe Bush will be receiving his master's degree in journalism. He's worked on video stories highlighting veterans' issues. While on assignment in Arizona, he learned about hundreds of vets who've been deported, and that inspired him to visit Tijuana, where 60 live in limbo.
Shawan Spragans, 41, of Oakland and Merl Simpson, 47, of Antioch, were sentenced to decades in prison following guilty pleas in a case involving 23 "take-over style" masked, armed robberies in the Bay Area last year including a Berkeley barbecue joint, pizza shop, Walgreens and Ethiopian restaurant.
Whittier Buck Buchanan, a man caught trespassing, was arrested in a sexual assault case. In a civil case he told a judge he "deliberately deceived the victim …by ingratiating himself [as a tutor] with her and her little daughter at a playground to get an invitation to her house, where he raped her."
Malini Ramaiyer, who regrets hating her parents: It wasn't until recently I realized I owe them an apology. A month ago I was really stressed about school and they drove for 2 hours to take me out to dinner. Last week I told them how the temperature in my dorm was suffocating and they brought a fan.
Is it possible to transfer out of Berkeley after one semester?
Failed Statistics 20 (Ibser) final exam yesterday
Will Berkeley let me stay for one semester then transfer out?
Excuse me [Gender-Neutral-Pronoun], do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior Communism?
What is like to go to Communist Party Meeting at UC Berkeley
Preparing for UCB Applied Math as a transfer.
Difficulty of Getting a single in an on-campus apartment (transfer)
Tips for how to succeed and thrive at Cal?
What Incoming Freshmen Should Know About UC Berkeley
UC Berkeley or Cornell for happiness/opportunities?
grad students at general commencement?
Newly admitted transfer student with Co-Op question
Overnight parking for one night
What happened to the YikYak app? Anything comparable?
A recent thread brought up something that happened while I was a student at Cal over 20 years ago. I wrote an article for the Daily Cal at the time describing the experience and another commenter asked if I had a link.
Michael Wei (Economics 2017): Cal "has always been so deeply ingrained with the mission to be different, to challenge the status quo—to Steve Jobs the hell out of industry and research. We are taught to question assumptions and reconsider the way we see the world. And so I did, or at least I tried."
61b shitpost thread
Rosemarie Alejandrino: "When you look at the murals on the ground floor of the Student Union, designed by my best friend Charisse Celestial, or see a performance from TDPS, for which my roommate Justine Law does incredible set and design work, you would never know [it] was the work of student hands"
Failed Statistics 20 (Ibser) final exam today
On May 2, renowned business leader and UC Berkeley alumnus T. Gary Rogers, 74, died while playing tennis at his Oakland home. After graduating from Cal, he frequently donated to Cal Athletics, and his contributions allowed for the building of the Cal crew boathouse, which was named in his honor.
Cal rugby's Robert Paylor was paralyzed. GoFundMe campaign: $281,000 has been raised. Kimberly Peterson who donated $100. "My daughter, Meghan, was very moved by this story, as was I. Before I could act, she asked me to donate, and offered her birthday money. So, this is from Meghan, class of 2029."
How to get CA resident status? Currently international
Sky-high prices, competition, limited inventory prompt parents to help kids buy homes: Bhima Sheridan and his wife were looking to buy a home in Berkeley. His in-laws co-signed on loan. 53% of parents intend to help their children with a down payment. In Berkeley, median sales price: $1.1 million
Bike to Work Day: At 7:30am, go on a bike ride with Mayor Jesse Arreguín and other council members. Meet at Hearst Avenue and Arch Street in North Berkeley. Free breakfast will be available from 7:30-9:30am at the Berkeley Bike Station energizer station at 2208 Shattuck Ave., south of Allston Way.
Is Oski creepy?
Help, how do I know how much of the breadth I've fulfilled? (L&amp;S)
What's up with the commencement speaker?
AR/VR classes?
My friend graduated in december with a meche major chem minor but this is his diploma, why is coe not printing majors and minors on diplomas? and did other colleges do this?
No major of diploma?
Anybody transfer from a CC as a history major?
UC audit reveals president’s office has extravagant taste
Bay Area Housing Question
Three offseason questions: California Golden Bears
IB vs MCB? Which biology major should I declare?
Pure Econ majors...a couple questions for y'all
What's with Berkeley and Guy Fieri?
This is a long shot, but: If you're currently enrolled in IB 132 and actually go to class, I have a few questions
Ilaf Esuf (psychology 2017): I've had to work multiple jobs every semester … My friends who could dedicate all their attention to their studies are now sitting on multiple job offers. I have to wait until after graduation to even begin looking properly — simply because I don't have the time.
William Morrow, former ASUC president: "One of my biggest regrets as ASUC president was not having done more to galvanize students in this conversation. With students in the backseat of this historical moment, provocateurs have taken control, with no respect for our campus' safety or history."
Cal rugby player Robert Paylor was left paralyzed after falling on his head just three minutes into a championship match. Because he will need a lot of rehabilitation, a GoFundMe with a $1 million goal was set up to cover his future medical bills. A prayer service will be held on campus Thursday 8pm
Berkeley High School sophomore Ellie began identifying as a girl last year. The 16-year-old's birth certificate says male, but as she entered adolescence, it became clear to her that she was not a boy. Every BUSD school has at least one single-stall, gender-neutral bathroom labeled as "all student".
Sayah Bogor is a UC Berkeley graduate student in public health. On Saturday, she will walk across the stage to receive her master's degree. For Bogor, a refugee and native of war-torn Somalia, the event will mark a joyous step in a long and difficult journey. She plans to apply for medical school.
Alum Sage Ryan was 14 when he enrolled at Cal as a junior transfer. Post-graduation, he'd like to be the state's youngest substitute teacher, but San Francisco Unified rescinded their job offer once they learned his age. He feels discriminated against since he was otherwise thoroughly qualified.
Help! Can't decide between schools
I'm doing FPF in the fall. What should I put down as my housing preferences?
Community College Classes Affecting UC Berkeley GPA
White supremacy produces disproportionate environmental pollution
Summer session GPA
I always see beautiful pictures of Berkeley. How about a spooky view of a Cloyne parking spot at night?
Where to get cardboard boxes?
Experience Life as a CAL BEAR
Concerned for my safety this summer
Subletters needed!
Subletters needed!
Berkeley ranks second for the highest average pay at $175,617 for full professors at public institutions offering doctoral degrees in the 2015-16 academic year, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education analysis of U.S. Department of Education data.
Berkeley ranks second for the highest average pay for full professors at public institutions offering doctoral degrees in the 2015-16 academic year, according to a Chronicle of Higher Education analysis of U.S. Department of Education data.
CS61A maps project
After retiring from a 40-year career as an EECS professor at Berkeley last year, David Patterson, 69, joined Google to work on a new high-speed chip called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU). Designed to run at least 10 times faster than current processors, it's capable of handling AI computations.
Cal Rugby capped off the rugby 15s season on high-note by winning the Penn Mutual Varsity Cup for the second consecutive season in a dominant 43-13 win over Arkansas State. In the early moments of the contest, Cal's sophomore lock Robert Paylor went down with a serious injury.
Cal rugby player Robert Paylor's lower body was paralyzed with "limited motion in his arms" after a collision during Saturday's Penn Mutual Varsity Cup final. A GoFundMe campaign has been set up to cover Paylor’s medical costs, with a $1 million goal. A prayer event was scheduled Thursday evening.
Grant Schroeder, 22, an integrative biology major with a 4.0 GPA, won the coveted 2017 University Medal. In August, Schroeder will begin a yearlong research post at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center where he will experiment with stem cell therapies. He will also apply to medical school.
A two-story 1901 brown shingle duplex that has sat on Berkeley Way for 116 years got a new home Sunday – about eight blocks away. It was set on a narrow lot at 2214 MLK, right across the street from Berkeley High.
Cal rugby player Robert Paylor paralyzed after suffering injury in championship victory [Gofundme link]
berkeley vs berkely?!
UC Berkeley vs UCLA
Are there common areas in the Unit Housing?
Will I feel behind if I skip out of Math 1A/B with a 4 on Calc BC?
[Advice Requested] Potential First Semester Schedule
Residential parking spaces (garages preferred)?
Starting Berkeley next year, already panicking over LS vs CoE
Housing Options
I am currently lost in my decisions. I need some advice.
What do you like most about Berkeley?
How do we get to keep our @berkeley.edu emails?
Submitted Late SLR
What is Stat 140 like?
Pure Math Geometry for Applied Math Transfer Student 2017
Berkeley's top graduating senior in 'crazy race to the finish line'
UC Berkeley vs UIUC
Berkeley College Republicans. Naweed Tahmas: "There are so many diversity programs that are essentially draining the school budget." Anastasia Pyrinis: "Professor Reich is extremely open to all political opinions. I found that very admirable." Patrick Boldea: Ann Coulter is "not the hill to die on."
Course suggestions for community college!
How Hard is it to transfer down from UC Berkeley to another UC Campus or CSU?
Holly Secon (media studies 2017): "Those feelings of discomfort — uncertainty in relationships, pushing bodily limits, constant self-checking, financial struggles and countless other experiences — build you and your convictions. They have helped me get to know myself, realize who I want to be."
Katy Abbott (geophysics and applied mathematics 2017): "I was starting to feel the fatigue I think most journalists experience and must learn to push through. It's the fatigue that settles in when you have to put yourself out there, time and time again, to talk to sources who resent you for prying."
What is EECS 101 Piazza and can I join it?
Hooman Yazdanian (media studies 2017): Freshman year I was unhappy. I realized Haas School of Business wasn’t for me—I'm not a snake—and I was missing my niche. Without telling anyone, I started opening up transfer apps but knew I should give Cal another chance. So I decided to apply to Daily Cal.
Carol Christ, Cal chancellor-designate: "At Smith College, the day before commencement … seniors joined the end of an alumnae parade, beginning with the oldest classes — women returning for their 70th or 75th reunions — to those who had graduated two years before. I always found [it] deeply moving."
A man who cannot speak or hear was taken to the hospital Sunday 2am after a car struck him on University Avenue. Paul Erickson, a witness, said: "He's not dead, but he went over the top of the car, in the air." The vehicle's windshield was smashed, and the man ended up 50 feet down the street.
After more than 20 years as a real estate broker in the Bay Area, Daniel Winkler has sworn off Berkeley. "I don't want to own rentals in Berkeley, I don't want to own an office in Berkeley and I don't want to build in Berkeley ever again." Between 2010 and 2016, Berkeley’s rents rose over 65%.
Berkeley acceptance
ECON 140 (Econometrics) difficulty
EECS students of Berkeley, what is your current computer situation/what would you recommend for an incoming freshman?
EECS students of Berkeley, what is your current computer setup/what would you recommend for an incoming freshman?
is this schedule murder please advise
Need a place to stay one night. Preferably safe cheap and not disgusting
When can incoming freshmen start enrolling/ registering for classes for Fall Semester?
I got off the waitlist, submitted my SIR, and registered for FPF. What do I do next?
BCC Concurrent enrollment in CS61A
UCLA or UC Berkeley
Cal Poly Pomona vs UC Berkeley
UC Berkeley student and social media coordinator suggests white people should be beaten on cinco de mayo.
As an international student and Spring 2018 admit am I going to be at a disadvantage if my intended major is CS?
How bad is that senioritis?
Cal Poly Pomona vs UC Berkeley
EECS 101 Piazza: Anant Sahai's 962-word response to "CS70 Study Strategies" question. Ahead of lecture, print out the notes. Attend lecture and pay attention. Print out the homework. Spend 3 hours solo on the homework. Meet up with your study group for another two hours for the first group attack.
Ikya Kandula (economics/UGBA 2017): "As with stereotypical Asian families, mine wasn't quick on sharing feelings. … My friends in college are the exact opposite. I found nine people who schedule dinners with one another for heart-to-hearts even though we all live together and see one another daily."
Melissa Wen, former Daily Cal Editor editor in chief and leader of its digital archiving project: "The time I've spent writing by the chatter of a police scanner, chasing protests into the Berkeley night, combing through public records for buried truths—it's the closest I’ve come to falling in love"
Ritchie Lee, former Daily Cal editor in chief: I was given this rare opportunity of a full-ride scholarship to go to Cal and a chance to run The Daily Californian. … My pride is in Mission. I can't even say I rep UC Berkeley. This school's too white. They're not my people. This was never home to me.
Karim Doumar, Daily Cal editor in chief and president: "The Daily Californian won best all-around newspaper and was a finalist in three other categories in the Society of Professional Journalists' regional Mark of Excellence Awards, which were announced Saturday."
A Berkeley City Council majority voted in favor Tuesday of a compromise that took 1.5 years: 50 new housing units at 2902 Adeline Street with nine affordable; a payment of $68,000 into the city's Housing Trust Fund; a "voluntary donation" of $100,000 to help create a "community advocate" position.
I got off the waitlist, submitted my SIR, and registered for FPF. What do I do nexf?
CS61B + UGBA 10 + Stat 20?
Spring Transfer
Is it possible to finish your degree requirements and graduate in the fall but still be enrolled and get your degree/walk in the spring?
Incoming transfer student this fall - a few questions about parking...
What is the worst experience you have had at Berkeley?
CS70 Discussion Sections?
Punjabi 1A?
Wailited as a transfer?
How do I get a refund check for a summer class withdrawn?
Does anybody have a summer sublease i can take over?
Captain America weighs in on white supremacist who sucker punched Berkeley woman
Captain American weighs in on white supremacist who sucker punched Berkeley woman
Anyone know where I can get this semester's notes for PoliSci 179?
Question about taking 16A and 16B while going to Pre-haas
Looking for advice about taking both CS70 and EE16A over the summer
EECS 101 Piazza: Cindy Conners: "Don't lose your ability to reserve rooms in Soda Hall! Recently, we've had multiple problems with dirty, re-arranged rooms in Soda Hall. As a result we are considering changing the room reservation policy for Soda Hall and restricting who can reserve rooms and when."
Rhea Goveas, Haas 2017: As I was sitting in Caffe Strada comparing notes for an upcoming midterm with a friend, she broke down into tears. The cause of her worry shocked me—she was watching her friends land internships and having success after success, and she felt she was on a path leading nowhere.
Adrián Alejandro Chávez on an advisor's nonconsensual kisses after his release from a 5150: "It was'’t until this experience that I discovered the open secret that many people already knew; this individual was a highly problematic campus staff member who preyed on vulnerable students."
Michelle Pitcher: "When I reminisce about my time in college, I eventually won't think of it in terms of discrete moments — when I had to drunkenly interview a police officer on Halloween because a riot broke out on my street, when I stood on Sproul for eight hours a day begging students" to fund us
Milo Yiannopoulos announced that "Cinco de Milo" would happen in Miami not Berkeley. He said he would take the opportunity when in Miami on May 5 to announce details about his plans to appear in Berkeley in the fall. He plans to live-stream the event at 6 p.m. PST.
A young woman held captive in sex offender Whittier Buck Buchanan's van early Tuesday morning — while he drove around Berkeley and demanded she perform oral sex on him — jumped out the window of the moving vehicle to escape. He picked her up sometime before 3:35 a.m. at Telegraph and Durant avenues.
Freshman Waitlist Berkeley January Start
I submitted my SIR a few hours ago and when I try to set up my CalNet ID I get this error. What should I do?
How manageable are online summer courses?
New Alt-Right “Fight Club” Ready for Street Violence
CS 61A
[Breaking News] BCR erects statue on Sproul to commemorate 4/15 pro fascism rally. Sponsors include Identity Europa and Breitbart.
There are 150-odd chapters of Chinese Students and Scholars Associations including at UC Berkeley. They work with Beijing to tamp down anti-Chinese speech on Western campuses. After consulting with the Chinese Consulate in Los Angeles, members oppose Dalai Lama's commencement speech at UC San Diego.
Nicholas Dirks on graduation: This year, I not only sense the impact of these conflicting feelings across Cal but feel some of them myself as I, in a way, join the class of 2017. As I contemplate stepping down from the role of chancellor July 1, it is a fitting moment to reflect on my own time here.
The city of Berkeley is the US's fifth-most livable city according to a new ranking by Niche.com, a neighborhood- and school-ranking website. The city is especially praised for its public schools, nightlife, diversity, and for being "good for families." Niche.com also gives UC Berkeley an A+ rating.
UC Berkeley is opening the P.Y. and Kinmay W. Tang Center for Silk Road Studies, the first institutionalized center in the U.S. dedicated to the study of the historical trading networks serially known as the Silk Road, thanks to a $5 million gift by two branches of the Tang family.
Practice of "egregious underpricing" driving up East Bay home prices: Berkeley homes selling for 17% above asking price on average. Example: 1800 Sonoma Ave. in Berkeley was offered at $1,095,000 in September and sold in October for $1,640,000. That's $545,000 over the asking price.
Dr. Wolffe Jay Nadoolman, 60, a pediatrician in Berkeley, died Friday, April 28. Before becoming a doctor, he worked for Salomon Brothers where his departure was rendered in dramatic detail in Michael Lewis' book Liar's Poker. Wolffe joked that "names were changed to protect the innocent."
BPD arrested Whittier Buck Buchanan, 60, after he kidnapped and tried to rape a woman Tuesday in North Berkeley. He was released from prison in 2014 after convictions in Alameda County in 1996 and was ranked a "2," meaning authorities believed he had a low- to moderate-risk of offending again.
Which Math 53 professor?
Do transfer students have to live in transfer housing?
regents scholar &amp; priority registration?
Taking Econ 100B and 140 concurrently?
Statistics and Korean classes help
Questions about campus community/spirit from newly admitted transfer
Summer session
Thinking of transferring between UC's, need advice
On campus apartment advice?
Is there an activist groups "directory"?
How long do alumni have access to their bMail + bDrive?
Berkeley Said No to Ann Coulter But Yes to Radical Leftist Sunsara Taylor
When should transfer students start registering for fall classes?
Research Assistant (Transcript Question)
So no acknowledgement about Kimberly Tze by the University?
The office of Janet Napolitano directed administrators at UC campuses to reveal their confidential responses to a state auditor's survey, according to emails obtained Wednesday by The Chronicle that call into question the accuracy of her testimony to lawmakers about why UCOP interfered with probe.
Berkeley struggles to balance $340 million-plus annual operating budget. 75% of the proposed $170 million-plus general fund budget is for personnel costs. Balancing the budget for the next 2 years to overcome structural deficits includes increasing by $2 million the annual property tax baseline.
Harold Francis Weaver, 99, a pioneer of radio astronomy who discovered the first microwave laser, or maser, in space, died April 26. Weaver was the founder of UC Berkeley’s Radio Astronomy Laboratory and its director from 1958 until 1972 and a former chairman of the Department of Astronomy.
Berkeley residents gathered on the corner of Allston Way and Shattuck Avenue Monday night for a vigil in honor of Kayla Moore, a Black transgender woman diagnosed with schizophrenia who died while in Berkeley Police custody in 2013. It marked the first time Moore's poems were read aloud at a vigil.
The City of Berkeley has floated the idea of setting up areas for "fencing with sponge noodles" or “laughter yoga" (among other things) and having "quiet conversations" with "anti-fascist" groups in order to stop violence.
A class-action lawsuit filed Tuesday says BUSD failed to provide legally required accommodations to students like those with dyslexia who have difficulty learning to read. The attorneys, from Disability Rights Education &amp; Defense Fund, Jacobson Education Law and Goodwin, are representing 4 students.
Any good barbers?
Should I choose Clark Kerr?
Is it crazy to take CS61B, CS70, and Math 104H in the same semester?
Berkeley Student Opines That Campus Should Not be Patrolled by Police, as This "Re-Traumatizes" Students Who Have "a Complicated Relationship With the State;" Also Claims Ann Coulter's Speech is Verbal Violence
What are some libraries that are the least crowded and barely anyone knows of?
Has anyone done Crossfit at RSF?
Considering the latest developments in Berkeley, a professor and I are putting together a course about free speech and unity, and we want to make sure our class has some conservatives/republicans for diversity. How can we manage this?
berkeley.edu Email Benefits?
Know how to code? Want to help East Bay HS students learn computer science? Come learn about volunteer opportunities at the TEALS happy hour on 5/11
Berkeley Email in China?
What are some air conditioned study spaces on campus?
Would anyone else LOVE to be a cop are one of these protests?
Spring 2017 Naked Run: Thursday, May 4 @ 9pm. Moffitt side tunnel of main stacks (image from /u/kamayanakama)
Currently freaking the fuck out; might've NP a class before graduation
Did anyone else hear an air raid siren sounding thing on southside?
WashU or Berkeley?
Does anybody have a summer sublease i can take over?
To Graduating Seniors
Does anyone know where I can get some really good mozzarella sticks in Berkeley?
Professor Kris Pister on EECS 101 Piazza: "For those of you still looking for something interesting to do this summer, my research group has lots of opportunities. … If you are interested, email me with your qualifications and availability. If you post 'What's your email?' you aren't qualified."
All these non-eecs majors are so easy to study for
Rudra Reddy: "Fire Janet Napolitano (and goodbye!)". "I would like to thank my readers for the countless emails that I have received: from alumni telling me that they would no longer donate to this school after witnessing what it had turned into, to the criticism I received from all corners."
Cal alum and writing lecturer T. Geronimo Johnson won the Simpson Family Literary Prize, a new $50,000 award honoring mid-career authors. It is managed by the Simpson Family Literary Project, a joint venture between the Lafayette Library and Learning Center Foundation and Cal's English Department.
Berkeley and the UC system excel at educating low-income students, according to a recent national study by Georgetown University. Schools with high percentages of Pell Grant recipients include "perhaps the nation's most respected public university, the University of California at Berkeley [31%]."
A fire Thursday on the 8th floor of Ida Sproul Hall in Unit 3 displaced many residents. Cal freshman Laura Huynh is "floating around" on a daily basis the week before finals to find friends who can accommodate her for housing. Freshman Ankit Hirpara is a resident of the room where the fire started.
The cost to police the rally held April 27 to protest the cancellation of Ann Coulter's speech ran from $350,000 to $500,000 – and Cal may have to pick up the tab. 400 officers from various agencies, including BPD, UCPD, Hayward Police Department and Alameda County Sheriff's Department participated.
SHIP 2017 Waiver Cheat Sheet
Anyone in the masters of toxicology/nutrition program?
Can I still submit an SLR if I'm on the Waitlist and get accepted in June?
Incoming Grad Student looking for housing
How are UCB's mental health services?
Campus craigslist equivalent?
I made a super-quick two-question survey and I'd really appreciate your time!
Berkeley-based robotics team seeking new workspace
Getting Classes I want
How hard are language classes at Berkeley?
Ippudo
What happens to students who fail to declare at least 1 major before graduation?
Is it possible to transfer from L&amp;S CS to EECS?
SOC 117 Final
Berkeley or UCLA for an incoming transfer poli sci major ?
Waitlist Likelihood
Submitted SLR late
Did anyone choose this over UCLA?
Can I get accepted as a transfer with a 3.5 GPA?
Getting rescinded?
I should be studying for finals but I got really curious and made this SUPER-QUICK TWO-QUESTION survey.
CalCentral Says I Did Not Meet Entry Level Writing Requirement?
Any updates on whether alumni keep berkeley.edu Google Apps?
After spending the day talking to pro-Trump supporters, Berkeley mother of two Jill Smo believes that conversation, not confrontation, is needed to better understand one another. "I was terrified and they told me, 'You are safe with us.' They were seriously some of the nicest guys I've met."
What is definition of "second bachelor's degree" at USC?
Ann Coulter speech cancellation: Nearly 300 UCPD officers Thursday from four UC campuses waited on Sproul. Over 70 BPD officers were stationed throughout Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center and along Telegraph and Shattuck in anticipation of protests. BPD had planned for a "worst case scenario."
Juniperangelica Xiomara Cordova-Goff: "On the morning students woke up to Sproul Plaza flooded with fully armed police officers last Thursday, I was shocked and traumatized. I wondered how the UC could come to the conclusion that filling Sproul Plaza with men and guns made anyone feel safe."
Ann Coulter speech cancellation: 300 UCPD officers Thursday from four UC campuses waited on Sproul. ASUC Senator-elect Juniperangelica Cordova-Goff believed the police's "continued, heightened presence re-traumatizes students who come from communities with complicated relationships to the state."
Advice on Freshman Fall Schedule (Poli Econ and History major)
After four years in the spotlight, UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks will leave the stage. His four-year tenure is one of the shortest chancellorships in campus history. Dirks will join the campus history and anthropology departments in the fall, a transition he said he is looking forward to.
A new device developed at Berkeley and MIT pulls drinking water out of thin air. The device uses a porous material known as a metal-organic framework (MOF), invented in the 1990s by UC Berkeley chemistry professor Omar Yaghi.
Rebel media's portrayal of UCB students. I am a local Trump supporter and even I found this inaccurate. These crazy views come from the city, not the university.
Dr. Amy Watt, who conducted a tie-breaking competency test after two previous mental health professionals offered differing opinions during an earlier March 20 hearing, concluded that UC Berkeley student Pablo Gomez Jr., 22, was mentally competent to stand trial. Pretrial hearing date: May 18, 2017.
SHIP waiver is up
I want to live in the Units for the social advantages, but worried about CS61A being overwhelming without help....
Reddit Admissions Office: Martin Shkreli
Berkeley Collage Republicans
Housing Advice for a Haas Transfer.
Major prerequisite question
Major prerequisites question
WWYD - someone sees you wearing your UC Berkeley clothing and calls you out for attending an "anti-free speech" university in public?
Antifa Writes an Editorial: Breaking the siege | The Daily Californian
[Serious] Did anyone else see Martin Shkreli at Soda Hall today?
Possible exchange student seeking some advice
Offering materials from various classes (mostly MCB/IB/Chem)
When is the naked run?
Khalfani Muhammad, Cal’s leading rusher in the 2016 season, was taken by the Tennessee Titans in the seventh round of the NFL Draft in the 241st pick on Saturday. The speedy back contributed on special teams as well, putting up 1543 all-purpose yards (second in the Pac-12).
MCB major at Berkeley
Incoming transfer student w/questions about CS
Premed at Cal question
Jesse Arreguin: "It's not lost on me that I'm Berkeley's first Latino mayor. I have been outspoken against the Trump administration. I have to wonder if the mayor was white, would we see such hate." The mayor's personal nightmare is eventually someone will get killed in one of the violent clashes.
After a man drove a cargo truck over Cal student Nicolas Leslie, 20, in the French city of Nice, Cal students Tyler Heintz and Anjali Banerjee frantically searched for their friend. The pain inspired them to create a class to try to find technological means for dealing with international terrorism.
Molly Nolan: With impending budget cuts to its language department Cal might as well have displayed its own "English Only" signs across campus. I would hope Cal would recognize the importance of supporting language learning and instead invest in the diversification and cultural awareness of students
Advice on regrets. Graduating senior Kyeihong Kim: "I wish I could have went out of my bubble and dated more people. 'After I get this job, then I’ll start dating.' But there's always something new that pops up." Nelly Lin: "Love will come when it will, but my career takes precedence."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: We concluded the defender of free speech at UC Berkeley is late-stage capitalism. It provided the necessary foundations for Trump to be elected president, which emboldened Milo 'Looking for Work' Yiannopoulos and Ann 'I'm Not as Bad as Milo' Coulter to creep out of Mordor.
UC Berkeley or UCLA for Political Science Undergrad?
Berkeley can't catch a break! stay safe everyone
Econ 101B after Math 1B?
I think I need help, feeling overwhelmed
Bridge Program
Incoming CS transfer student w/no CS experience -- summer research possible?
When is the naked run happening this semester?
Anyone willing to take photos of me(M) around campus?
Heavy Police Presence Keeps Berkeley Coulter Protests Peaceful
Poly-Sci at Berkeley?
Are American History and American Institutions separate requirements for an L&amp;S Degree?
Is commencement worth going?
What do you think about UC Berkeley Summer Programs for High School Students?
What do you think about Summer Programs for High School Students?
Blanket ban has been lifted. You may now post normally.
Fake rumour going around that there is a "Community Studies" coursework which involves "raiding" 4chan and /pol/.
Please help me &gt; . &lt;
Chad Hansen, Cal football's leading receiver in the 2016 season, has been taken by the New York Jets in the fourth round of the NFL Draft. The Jets saw a hit to their wide receiving core when Brandon Marshall left in free agency, and used the 141st pick on Hansen.
W. Kamau Bell: Whenever I tell people in Berkeley, where I live, I'm headed to the beach in Alabama, they are shocked. Most people outside of the Gulf Coast have no idea that Alabama has beaches.
BPD responded to a stabbing in North Berkeley at 800 San Diego Road Friday at 7:47pm. The victim was treated at the scene, taken to a local hospital, and doesn't appear to have life-threatening injuries. Suspect: white man in his 30s with sandy blond hair who "had several days worth of facial hair."
For more than five decades, UC Berkeley anthropologist Nancy Scheper-Hughes has worked tirelessly to expose "uncomfortable truths" across the world. To honor her work, Berkeley's Department of Anthropology is holding a two-day conference on May 1 and 2 called "Anthropology on the Front Lines."
Sarah Heo: Everything I'd smothered was now accessible to friends, family and condescending strangers. I clenched my eyes shut and waited for friends to riot over the stories I had unfairly kept from them, for family to ­­ostracize me for telling secrets that weren't just mine. The storm never came.
Davis Webb, Cal football's quarterback in the 2016 season, was taken in the third round of the NFL draft by the Giants on Friday night with the 87th pick. After initially being graded as a fourth- or third-round talent, news started to spread he was more highly regarded by scouts within the NFL.
Changing majors within the CoE (Civil Engineering to IEOR)
How is the Statistics program at Berkeley?
How does the Statistics department compare to that of Davis?
How is the Physics program at Berkeley?
How does the English department in UC Berkeley compare to the English department in UCLA?
Hillside and Durant Residence Halls
Chem 1a what is happening
Is Renter's Insurance Worth It?
Incoming CS Transfer Student w/Questions
Any small record stores/places to buy CD's etc.?
Housing Questions/recommendations
History Majors at Berkeley
Just some questions
How can I see my transcript online?
UCLA vs. UC Berkeley
What's it like to Major in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research at Cal?
Housing for transfers
Brilliant Administrative Decisions, as usual
Need help deciding between UCB and USC for pre-med
Martinez Commons Double vs The Berk on College Triple
Some beautiful shots filmed at UC Berkeley
Panorama from the hills tonight. Happy last day of classes!
August Vollmer, Berkeley's first police chief, had an open-door policy for the press. One reporter even had a desk at the police station. He helped start the criminal justice program at Cal, where he created the first crime lab. Dignitaries visited Euclid Avenue home to pick his brain on policing.
New documentary The Last Magnificent: In 1974, when Jeremiah Tower was head chef at Chez Panisse, in walked H.R. Haldeman, the man known as Richard "Nixon's son of a bitch" and a key player in the Watergate cover-up. The Chez Panisse staff – very Berkeley and self-righteous – refused to serve him.
I got accepted into the College of Letters and Science but not my major psychology?
Panorama from the hills tonight. Happy last day of classes
Niknaz Aftahi, a Richmond resident with a Cal master's degree in architecture, dedicates her early mornings and late evenings to her English for Architecture students in Iran. It is risky for them even to take her class. BIHE is an underground university educating members of the Baha'i faith.
Sarah Han joined the Berkeleyside team this month as the editor of food section Nosh. She cut her journalism teeth at the Bay Guardian and the San Francisco Chronicle. Han picked up the mantle from Kate Williams who left the Bay Area last month to return to Atlanta.
Lecturer David Peterson, the creator of Game of Thrones' Dothraki, is teaching a Summer Sessions course called "The Linguistics of Game of Thrones and the Art of Language Invention." To promote the class, he translated the opening stanza of Cal's traditional fight song, "Sons of California".
The UC Berkeley campus and city of Berkeley commemorated the 75th anniversary of the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II Wednesday with a public reception, exhibit, and talk by Keith Nomura, whose father, Kiyosuke Nomura, was transported to Tanforan when he was a UC Berkeley senior.
THE SECRETS OF THE PROUD BOYS WITH CANADIAN GAVIN MCINNES
Will my admission be rescinded? Junior CC Transfer
How to get into math classes?
Guys help me decide please.
Quick Reminder: FREE Rogue One screening tonight @9m on the Glade!
Chances of getting off the Transfer Waitlist?
I got so fed up with paying over $400 in street sweeping tickets that I made something that will send me text message reminders. You can use it for free
[Megathread Day 3: Current Politics] Blanket ban on ALL politically motivated threads about current political climate. All other political threads must be posted here.
DS100
Got accepted today as a transfer student, but for the Spring 2018 term.
Just found out I've been admitted as a strangers student, but for the Spring term when I applied for the Fall.
Milo Yiannopoulos Is Starting A New, Ugly, For-Profit Troll Circus. It will culminate in his bestowing something called the Mario Savio Award for Free Speech.
Moving Out of Dorms?
Can you park at North Berkeley Bart overnight?
High quality photos from the Rally Yesterday
Documents Tie Berkeley Riot Organizers To Pro-Pedophilia Group, NAMBLA
You’re wrong about the working class, I hope they kick your Berkeley ass
Life at Foothill
[Breaking News] BCR erects statue on Sproul Plaza to commemorate 4/15 white nationalist rally
Resources for learning piano?
Get ready transfers!
CS/EECS majors - please help answer my questions
Can any EECS/CS majors help answer my questions?
Is it doable to take CS61A and Math 54 over the summer? And if not, are there any other alternate course loads you would recommend? (CS61A is a must, however)
Summer cancellation fee?
In an interview about his nearly four years as Berkeley's chancellor, Nicholas Dirks talks about some of the enormous challenges he's faced during his tenure, including declining public support for higher education, dramatic protests and free speech debates, and sexual misconduct cases.
UC Berkeley ranked as the No. 1-value college in the United States by Forbes magazine — a ranking that considers which colleges are most worth a student's investment — ahead of Ivy League schools and other UC campuses. Stanford ranked number 7. UCLA ranked number 2.
Karina Pauletti: "I have come to realize presenting the most beautiful picture is not everything. It is the memories formed behind them are so much more important. I will forget the reacts and the Facebook likes, it is the living, waking, memories that will persist over the course of my lifetime."
East Bay Community Law Center and Homeless Action Center filed petitions for a restraining order against Lawrence Minsky, a homeless man who has used their services. Minsky allegedly made explicit death threats against HAC executive director Patricia Wall to Osha Neumann for the last two months.
Stanley Roberts at Berkeley: People Behaving Badly: Not quite a taxi stand. Parking in the Bay Area is pretty much restricted to certain zones. The red zone is no parking, a yellow zone means commercial loading, and the white zone is loading and unloading of passengers only.
A single alarm fire broke out Thursday on the 8th floor of Ida Sproul Building in Unit 3 and was called into UCPD at 10:18 p.m. Students evacuated the floor and UCPD does not know when they will be able to go back in. The cause of the fire is unknown, according to an on-duty UCPD watch commander.
Protester at UC Berkeley who refuses to remove mask is cuffed and arrested
Physics 137A prereqs
[Megathread Day 2: Current Politics] Blanket ban on ALL politically motivated threads about current political climate. Current major threads will remain up but locked. All other political threads must be posted here.
You've made your town a warzone.
I invited Ann Coulter to speak at UC Berkeley. Here’s why.
CS61 over the summer
What happened to the Crossroads omelette bar?
Getting into summer CS 70
[Breaking News] BCR erects statue on Sproul to commemorate 4/15 pro fascism rally
ad against anti-fa at bus stop at telegraph and Bancroft
Ann Coulter flap tests Berkeley's free-speech credentials
Tim Pool Live In Berkeley.
[Breaking] BCR erects "Phoenix Rising from the Trash" statue on Sproul Plaza to commemorate 4/15 pro fascism rally
Unit 1 Freeborn: Substance Free Dorm
Friends, take a break from studying to check out Cal's Greater Good: The Science of a Meaningful Life
Stay safe out there
Fieri, the mayor of Flavortown discusses his Meme fame, the Warriors and eats hot wings
Struggling to find housing for the fall
We will no longer surrender this city or its people to the false song of nationalism
Scores of paramedics and police met Thursday at Zaytuna College in North Berkeley to practice how they might respond if gunmen one day target the campus. Perhaps 150 people participated: two BPD patrol teams, police trainers in red shirts, a police dispatcher, 70 students and faculty from Zaytuna.
What Berkeley Liberals Think of Voter ID Laws vs. What Actual Harlem Black People Think
UC Berkeley is the school with the most undergrad and graduate alumni hired by the 25 biggest Silicon Valley employers in the last year. Stanford is second. HiringSolved, a recruiting company, used data from over 10,000 public profiles for tech workers hired or promoted into new positions in 2016.
This Saturday, April 29, the ASUC will replay a recording of Martin Luther King Jr.'s May 17, 1967, speech on the steps of Sproul Hall in front of 7,000 students as the Vietnam War raged, and re-dedicate a historic photograph of him in his namesake building, the Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union.
This fall, with backing from Google, Okonofua, 31, a junior psychology professor at Cal, will launch an online intervention for over 100 U.S. school teachers to motivate them to check their biases against African American students before meting out punishment. His approach is the first of its kind.
BUSD will be updated tonight on a freshman ethnic studies course. Staff report: "Over the term of the course, students will examine how power, privilege, ethnocentricity, systemic oppression, and cultural hegemony intersect with their own individual experiences and appear throughout recent history."
"With the elections over, Real Equity &amp; Access to a Livable (REAL) Berkeley believes it is now time for the Council to address what is widely accepted as a housing crisis in our city." "Get more affordable units by leveraging the strong demand for market-rate housing."
Auditor says UC kept millions in secret fund
No Trump No KKK No Racist USA
Perspective from current students who were OOS?
[Megathread Day 1: Current Politics] Blanket ban on ALL politically motivated threads about current political climate. Current major threads will remain up but locked. All other political threads must be posted here.
Congrats to UCLA, on being the new undisputed flagship of the University of California system.
Is It Illegal to Wear Masks at a Protest? It Depends. TL;DR illegal in California in the commission of a crime.
ACLU of Northern California: Know Your Rights: Free Speech, Protests &amp; Demonstrations. Explains what you can do. Explains why Berkeley Antifa demonstrations are mostly illegal.
FIRE: No university may be considered "safe" if speakers voicing unpopular ideas on campus incur a substantial risk of being physically attacked.
A message on campus safety
Thoughts on the physics 5 series?
Statement on Young America's Foundation's April 27 Lecture at UC-Berkeley
College Republicans to continue lawsuit despite contradictory accounts
New Alt-Right “Fight Club” Ready for Street Violence
Pre-Med Experiences at Berkeley
"Enrollment request processed" instead of "success"?
Any tips for getting a bad grade off of my transcript?
Any tips on visiting Cal for Ole Miss Rebels?
Conservative Speakers are showing up at Berkeley on Thursday including Gavin McInnes, Lauren Southern, Faith Goldy, and Brittney Pettibone. Ann Coulter says that she will probably still go to Berkeley. Looks like the original event is still happening, only bigger.
PoliSci Transfer from CC
TBT: "Ann Coulter attacks 9/11 widows - 'I have never seen people enjoying their husbands' death so much'"
Which set of classes will be easier this summer?
Ann Coulter cancels her speech at UC Berkeley
Latin 100 difficulty
Ann Coulter Says She Will Pull Out of Speech at UC Berkeley
Ann Coulter Says She Will Pull Out of Speech at Berkeley
"This is a University, not a battlefield." - Chancellor Dirks' email to students about Ann Coulter, Safety, and Free Speech
Withdrawl and readmission questions from a struggling freshman
Not taking CS 61C?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: "Consent is imperative in the kink community because it separates abuse from pleasure. Without consent, hitting your partner is domestic abuse. With clearly communicated consent, it can be a whole lot of fun."
The Foothill dining commons has suspended its late night services after second Undergraduate Workers Union walkout. Five Foothill employees have had their employment placed under review after two walkouts in collaboration with the Undergraduate Workers Union in April.
Daily Cal Editorial Board supports blocking of Sather Gate: "This Cal Day, with UC Berkeley so visible to parents and incoming students, the campus represented itself in perhaps the best way we can hope to be perceived — students and community members all coming out to fight injustice."
A fast-pitch pick-up softball game that began at UC Berkeley celebrated its 50th year on Saturday. It has survived through ten presidents and at least ten locales while hundreds of players, ages 12 to 70s, have come, gone and sometimes returned years later.
The woman attacked outside Whole Foods was "choked and strangled" repeatedly and "felt at one point that she could lose consciousness." She is a psychologist with the Berkeley Mental Health Mobile Crisis Team. Eric Bruylant, 24, told BPD "he was trying to kill [her] and wanted to take her vehicle."
The woman who was attacked outside Whole Foods was "choked and strangled" repeatedly and "felt at one point that she could lose consciousness." She is a psychologist with the Berkeley Mental Health Mobile Crisis Team who was on duty. Eric Bruylant, 24, forced his way into her car, then attacked her.
East Bay buyers using 'every trick in the book' to snag homes. Josh and Elizabeth Brown recorded a video letting the sellers "know why we loved the house … and how important it was to us to be in a neighborhood that was safe for our daughter." The house listed for $938,000. "We got it for $950,000."
UC Berkeley riots: Violence looms as mayor questioned over ties to extremist group
FULL PRESS CONFERENCE: Berkeley Young Republicans SUE School Over Ann Coulter Speech Controversy
I had about 35 AP Units coming into college, so now I've been taking ~13 units a semester. Is it possible for employers to find me "lazy"?
Hey r/berkeley, ASUC SUPERB is putting on a FREE screening of Rogue One this Friday!!
I hardly know anyone at Berkeley, while it seems like everyone seems to know each other on fb groups before they even come to campus. Is it really difficult for someone who knows no one there to make friends at Cal?
Heads up local journos: Plotting violence in plain sight on Twitter. @berkeleyside @SovernNation @NickMiller510 @mgafni @allaboutgeorge
How great would it be if Coulter showed up to speak, and nobody came?
Young America's Foundation cancels Coulter's talk due to insufficient security
Trump sanctuary city order blocked, so much for "No federal funds?"
13 reasons why you should take Bear Transit
An elite university is offering a fast-track program for tech leaders that's more competitive than Stanford
Decoding your UC Berkeley dreams and nightmares
How spread out do you like your classes?
True Berkeley Spirit [x-post from /r/videos]
How great would it be if Coulter showed up to speak, and nobody came?
Physics 137A vs. Physics 112
UC-Berkeley readies police as Ann Coulter plans to speak in public plaza on campus
How many people drop math104?
Cog Sci 1 vs Cog Sci 1b
Which is easier, getting a B+ in Math 54 or a B in Math 110?
Is Stats 134, Math 54, and CS 61B doable?
Pirate Parrrrty Update: We did it!
Taking technical courses over summer, tips/advice?
Auditor rips UC for keeping millions in secret fund
Too much truth
Medical marijuana in Berkeley?
Anyone live in Foothills and can let me in to do laundry?
Which buildings on campus have positive air pressure and can be used for shelter?
Pirate Parrrrrty Update: We did it!
Hubert Lederer Dreyfus' Twitter account: "Reports of my demise are not exaggerated." Dreyfus, 87, taught at Cal for nearly 50 years. He was a preeminent scholar of 20th-century European philosophy, early skeptic of artificial intelligence, iTunes podcast star and Cal professor emeritus of philosophy
Hubert Lederer Dreyfus' Twitter account: "Reports of my demise are not exaggerated". Dreyfus, 87, taught at Cal for nearly 50 years. He was a preeminent scholar of 20th-century European philosophy, early skeptic of artificial intelligence, iTunes podcast star and Cal professor emeritus of philosophy
David J. Peterson, the Cal alum who created the language for the warrior horsemen in Game of Thrones, is finalizing plans for his three-unit course, "The Linguistics of Game of Thrones and the Art of Language Invention," which he will lead four days a week in the May 22-June 30, 2017 summer session.
75 years ago at Cal, final exams were approaching, graduation was in sight. But spring semester 1942 didn't end in a typical way. Each of Berkeley's 1,300 Japanese residents was assigned a number by military and taken by bus to an overcrowded assembly center at the Tanforan racetrack in San Bruno.
Gentrification in South Berkeley. Richie Smith, 82, moved from Oklahoma to South Berkeley in 1949. She remembers all the Black businesses—beauty shops, dry cleaners, real estate offices, a jewelry store and a theater—that held the community together. Sixty-eight years later, that community is gone.
"An elite university is offering a fast-track program for tech leaders that's more competitive than Stanford." Cal's new Management, Entrepreneurship, &amp; Technology (MET) Program at Haas offers dual degrees in business and engineering. Enrollment: 30 students. Over 2,500 high school seniors applied,
After spring 2018, peace and conflict studies (PACs) will not be a specific major. It will instead be consolidated into a global studies major. PACs co-founder Michael Nagler: "Losing identity for PACS when it's the only demonstration of interest in that whole field on the campus is a drastic loss."
I'm a Civil and Environmental Engineer looking toward transferring into EECS. Tips?
On April 25, 2017 from 11:00am to 3:00pm, the Berkeley Police and Fire Departments will be hosting an Open House at the Berkeley Public Safety Building (2100 Martin Luther King Jr. Way). Come tour the building, hear and see some history, and meet the team who works to keep you safe.
Decided to withdraw from my summer class, what happens if you don't pay the cancellation fee?
Naked Run
Harmeet Dhillon - BCR Lawyer Files Lawsuit Against UC Berkeley - Full Press Conference
Can somebody help me understand the legal aspects of the Ann Coulter case? Does she have the right to show up to campus on Thursday if the administrators rescheduled her talk for May 2nd?
Coulter will speak | The Daily Californian
Taking courses through UC Berkeley Extension
[Megathread] Megathreads
another post echoing other past support for a single political megathread
Oakland BART robbery: 40 to 60 teens swarm train, hold up riders
Econ majors - What are your job prospects like?
Bernie Sanders on Berkeley and Ann Coulter: “To me, it’s a sign of intellectual weakness . . . if all you can do is boo, or shut her down, or prevent her from coming, what does that tell the world?"
Ann Coulter backers file lawsuit against UC Berkeley administrators
Mail Sent to U1 Mail Room after Semester Ends
Incoming freshman questions: (changing college from environmental design to L&amp;S, gap year)
Summer Financial Aid Award?
Financial Aid Award notifications for 2017-18
Incoming freshman: (changing college from Environmental Design to L&amp;S, gap year)
How valuable is work experience to being considered for the CS master's program?
Regrets going to Cal?
Berkeley police investigate alumnus connection to rally assault
Enrolling in Philosophy Upper Divs after only 4 units?
Documents reveal noise complaints and underage drinking citations issued by BPD were most densely distributed on Southside. Daniel Evans, a member of fraternity Acacia: Heavy concentration on Southside made sense to him because college life provides underage students with such easy access to alcohol
Lynne Hollander Savio, widow of Mario Savio: "I don't think Ann Coulter has anything useful to say, but it was unconstitutional for the university to bar her from speaking." Milo Yiannopoulos will give a Mario Savio Award to whoever has done the "most to protect free expression at UC Berkeley …."
Lynne Hollander Savio, widow of Mario Savio: "I don't think Ann Coulter has anything useful to say, but it was unconstitutional for the university to bar her from speaking. Milo Yiannopoulos will give a Mario Savio Award to whoever has done the "most to protect free expression at UC Berkeley …."
The Berkeley Forum free event: Carla Hayden is the 14th Librarian of Congress and the first woman and African-American to hold the position. She will be discussing the importance of the LOC in the 21st century especially in the digital age at 6pm April 24, 2017 at Morrison Reading Room, Doe Library.
CalTeach started 10 years ago, has 524 student enrollments and anticipates giving out 27 credentials. It expects to have more than 200 teachers credentialed by 2020. 75% of Cal Teach grads go on to teach in urban schools. 95% of Cal Teach teachers stay in classroom teaching.
The Berkeley community celebrated the 48th anniversary of the creation of People's Park's on Sunday, enjoying various performances and reminiscing about the history behind the park. People discussed politics and rallied together against the campus's plans to build resident halls in the area.
Carjacking in the Whole Foods parking lot: A civilian city staffer on duty with Berkeley Police Department made a frantic call for help just before 10:30 p.m. Sunday, bringing officers from all over the city to help her. A 24-year-old man was arrested on San Pablo and 10th Street north of Gilman.
Did you know: reddit was originally written in Lisp running on FreeBSD, in a framework called TBNL (To Be Named Later).
Bill Maher: Berkeley Is The "Cradle For F*cking Babies"
Calfresh Help
Trying to decide between Berkeley, UT and Rice.
Trying to decide between Berkeley, UT and Rice.
UC Berkeley students threaten to sue over Ann Coulter visit
UC Berkeley students threaten to sue over Ann Coulter visit
tips for incoming CCC freshman with hopes of transferring to UCB comp sci in 2019?
Punjabi 1A
What dining plan is best for someone trying to save the most money?
Is Foothill mostly asian guys doing EECS?
If you have a concealed carry permit in Berkeley, here are some great small handguns that you easily carry and use for self-defense.
If you have a concealed carry permit in Berkeley, here are some great small handguns that you can use for self-defense.
Weekly EECS circlejerk thread
Best place to be a server in Berkeley area?
Concerned About Being Ready For UC Berkeley
Poli Sci 179 Study Guide?
Should I take APs or not?
Which coed dorm has the many EECS students but also a lot of other majors in it?
Berkeley: After Workers Fired, Undergrads Shutdown Major Campus Event
Cal hoodie sizing
Anant Sahai: "Learning mathematical maturity is sometimes kind of painful but this is pain that you must experience to progress. The way that 16AB inflict this good pain upon you is forcing you to confront multistep problems that you cannot solve immediately." Sahai in 570 words explains 16AB design
The long lost 14-karat gold, diamond-studded badge from 1909 of Berkeley's first police chief, August Vollmer, turned up in a $5 box of books at Cal alum and UT Austin professor Brian Stross' estate sale in Texas. It'll be on public display for first time ever Sunday at Berkeley Historical Society.
Kabam Field, the Blum Center, Sutardja Dai Hall, the Sutardja Center, the Fung Institute and Qualcomm Cafe are all result of gifts from some of Cal's most successful entrepreneurial alumni. Cal alum have created household names like Rotten Tomatoes, SanDisk, MySpace, Autodesk, VMware, and Powerbar.
Boomer Vicente, a senior involved in 2016 protest to block Sather Gate, said protesting on Cal Day often exposes protesters to more hostility. He noticed newly admitted students and parents appeared frustrated as they're not used to the kind of activism ingrained in UC Berkeley's history and culture
"I know the byline says my name is Sakura Cannestra, but Sakura is my middle name. My first and legal name is Berkeley, Berkeley Sakura Cannestra. People used to ask me what my plan was if I was not accepted into UC Berkeley. I would try to brush the question off with jokes. I would change my name."
Parth Vohra, who will attend University of California Washington Program: "Two years ago, never in my wildest of dreams could I have imagined I would be writing for the student newspaper—let alone pursuing a career in the journalism field. Prior to coming to Berkeley, I lived in India for 18 years."
Professor Nipam Patel and Dr. Jimmy O'Dea speaking at the Berkeley Science March @ Sproul Plaza
Regret going to Cal?
Classes/Decals on Cannabis
Will I stand out if I don't buy a stole for graduation?
Bay Area Calendars - Calydr
Undergraduate Workers Union blocked Sather Gate 12:30pm during Cal Day, demanding higher wages, safer working conditions and rollback tuition. Student workers alleged the previous night, several had been fired for organizing and were told they could no longer enter certain campus dining halls.
Any seniors on here take anthropology 2AC?
Rant: I'm sick of people blocking Sather Gate for protests.
Summer Storage?
Can everyone just chill?
Any info on the data science major?
Bill Maher: Berkeley is 'cradle for f------ babies'
Anyone here planning to attend or got into an MFE program from Berkeley? If so, I have some questions...
For the Love of Learning
Milo Yiannopoulos announces 'grand comeback tour' at UC Berkeley
Using Conservative Nonprofit groups, Right-Wing Koch and DeVos Families Are Funding speakers like Ann Coulter and Milo on College Campuses Across the US. Coulter is an alum of Young America's Foundation, cited by Southern Poverty Law Center for promoting anti-black and anti-muslim speakers.
PSA: Regarding Cal Day
How will my course load be this summer?
The mayor of Berkeley is a member of BAMN (AntiFa)
Course Complaint for UGBA 10
Paul Fonoroff amassed over 70,000 movie posters, periodicals, photos, lobby cards, theater flyers and other movie ephemera while he lived in Beijing and Hong Kong. Fonoroff's collection — which rivals what can be found at film archives in Asia — was acquired by Cal's C.V. Starr East Asian Library.
It's Berkeley Open Source Food Week. In the center median of Shattuck Avenue, Philip Stark looked at the ground to find lunch - or at least the beginnings of it. Stark: "The first question most people have about dog pee. It's water soluble, it's non-toxic." Foraging is technically not legal.
Robert Reich: "Free speech is what universities are all about. If universities don't do everything possible to foster and protect it, they aren’t universities. They're playpens." Ann Coulter's speaking fee at Berkeley is $20,000, and of that, $17,000 is being paid by the Young America's Foundation.
Daily Cal article by Joe Pichirallo. Daily Cal: "In observance of People's Park's 48th anniversary, we are reprinting our front-page story about the 'Bloody Thursday' riot over the embattled park on May 15, 1969." The protest was against Cal's plans to turn the park into an athletic field.
The California Contractors State License Board reached a settlement that will formally revoke the license of Segue Construction, Inc., the general contractor responsible for the construction of a Berkeley apartment complex whose balcony collapsed in June 2015, resulting in six deaths.
Pranav Jandhyala: "Our organization, BridgeUSA, invited Ann Coulter to speak before a body of primarily liberally minded college students about the issue of illegal immigration. Though we tried, it’s a difficult task to justify Ann Coulter’s presence to one of the most liberal cities in California."
Heat Street reports Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin Is a member of BAMN's Facebook Group, ties that to City's refusal to stop Antifa violence.
Looking to sublease for the summer
Cal Day Parking?
Berkeley Mayor Exposed As Member of Militant Antifa Group That Orchestrated Riots
Milo Yiannopoulos to hold "Free Speech Week" at Berkeley
can we just have 1 single political "megathread" instead of political spam?
Helicopters?
Antifa Rioter at Berkeley who injured someone on the head has been identified by 4chan anonymous, an ethics teacher(!) at Berkeley University
[No Politics Zone] Fresh memes and shitposts only.
Shelter in place for the McKinley and Allston area (if you're wondering what the copter is for this time)
Milo Yiannopoulos in FB post says he will launch a "Free Speech Week" in Berkeley and threatens to extend it to a month if the city/university does not support it
Single track running trails in the East Bay?
Berkeley Mayor Connected to Antifa
Fuck. The Pedo Promoting Attention Whore plans to hold a Week long Hate Speech festival here.
Fuck. The Pedo Promoting Attention Whore plans to hold a Week long Hate Speech festival here.
Is the Mayor of Berkeley part of BAMN? Is BAMN part of Antifa? Does BAMN/Antifa/Black block work together?
[POLL] /r/Berkeley on Ann Coulter Speech on Campus. [Do you Support / Oppose?]
Am I missing out on anything important if I don't go Calday if I already visited Berkeley?
Am I missing out on anything important if I don't go Calday if I already visited Berkeley?
BCR has hired first amendment lawyer Harmeet Dhillon for potential lawsuit against UC Berkeley over Ann Coulter event
Credit by Examination
Wifi at Berkeley
Where can I get LSD
Best ISPs in the area?
Dwinelle Navigator - Find fastest path between rooms in Dwinelle Hall
Here in Berkeley: First U.S. sugar tax cuts soft drink sales by 10%
22 officers injured in violent 'Patriots Day' rally | 1 Suffered a Knee Injury, everyone else now has tinnitus and hearing loss.
White House Petition Calls for Designating “Antifa” and “Black Lives Matter” as Terrorist Organizations
Berkeley Mayor is part of BAMN's Facebook group.
Anyone doing architecture in Berkeley?
Time Lapse: UC Berkeley 420 on the Glade (4k)
Our commencement speakers suck.
What happened to Yoshua?
Still a mystery: Inspection finds no answers in deaths of Berkeley couple Roger Hanna Morash, 35, and Valerie Morash 32. A mechanical engineer who ran a battery of tests in a South Berkeley apartment found no apparent cause for the carbon monoxide poisoning that killed a couple and their cats.
Karina Pauletti: "He persisted, even after I had said 'no' multiple times. I was just 17 and he was well into his 30s, perhaps early 40s. A part-time job I enjoyed going to turned into a horror film whenever he turned up. 'Your chest looks nice in that shirt,' he said to me one night."
Brothers Thibaud Risz, 12, and Andre Risz, 11, are the founders of Kids for Science, an organization recruiting Berkeley students for the March for Science in San Francisco on Saturday, April 22. The activists say their generation will bear the brunt of the environmental destruction happening today.
UC discovered an unnamed party is using its student health plan information to steal $12 million in fraudulent medical prescription. The scheme convinced 500 students to disclose sensitive personal information through methods like a Facebook ad promising $550 for participating in "clinical trials."
In response to a satirical "Animal Rights BBQ" event hosted by Berkeley College Republicans, animal rights activists organized their own vegan barbecue as a counter-action. Student group Berkeley Organization for Animal Advocacy and animal rights group Direct Action Everywhere organized the event.
Twenty-two police officers were injured during the violent "Patriots Day" rally that took place in Berkeley on April 15, according to Berkeley Police Department spokesperson Sgt. Andrew Frankel. One officer sustained a knee injury while the remaining 21 suffered either hearing loss.
Ann Coulter rejects Cal offer to switch date of speech
Defund and ban BCR for fomenting violence.
IND ENG 186
Can someone in Mechanical Engineering give me some insight as to how hard it is?
What is one thing that every accepted student should do at Cal Day?
I just dont understand Berkeley College Republicans(BCR) with regards to the Ann Coulter event.
Quick question about the college of chemistry.
Honest Berkeley Ad
Berkeley Amazon Driver Delivering Package to Apartment Steals Packages from Lobby
BPD SWAT LARP?
The Onion - "Berkeley Campus On Lockdown After Loose Pages From ‘Wall Street Journal’ Found On Park Bench"
Ann Coulter has been reinvited to speak at UC Berkeley on May 2 after the campus announced it found an appropriate location for the event to take place.
help me make a tough housing decision?
Top Summer Picks 2017 for Berkeley Students as picked by Berkeley students, check them out!
Any non music majors use the practice rooms?
“I was the target of a neo-Nazi ‘troll storm’”. Tanya Gersh was targeted by the “alt-right” for being Jewish after getting caught up in the notoriety surrounding Richard Spencer. She tells about the trauma and the antisemitism leveled at her.
How do students with 3.9+ GPAs do it?
Did anyone lose a golden retriever?
Anti-mask Law
Does Airbears2 get slower at night?
2017 ASUC elections saw a 16% decrease in voters compared to 2016 — the lowest turnout in the past five years. Student Action co-chair Rachel Schuster: A continued decrease in voting may delegitimize the power of the ASUC because it will not be able to adequately serve the entire student population.
Susan Hanna, the mother of Hanna Morash, is suing the Deakin Street landlord/building owners Cindy M. Kwong, Tony M. Wong, and the Kwong/Wong Family Trust for damages alleging her son's death in Berkeley would've been prevented had a carbon monoxide detector been installed near the sleeping quarters
On paper, Sarah Funes is participating in a campus program that provides support for students with disabilities. But, she said she has never used any of its services and didn't apply for admission. Of this year's 250 program participants, there were only six requests for academic tutoring services.
Gig Car Share, launching in Berkeley and Oakland on April 30, is the Bay Area's first floating, one-way ride sharing program. Pick up a Gig car in a location; drop it off in another – managed through an app. The Berkeley City Council approved a one-way car sharing pilot program last year.
On Thursday, Berkeley restaurants Babette Café, Cancún, Elmwood Café, Ippuku, Jules Thin Crust, La Note, Phil's Sliders and Gather have committed to donate at least 15% of their April 20 sales to the BUSD program that now counts 17 school gardens and four kitchen classrooms.
Berkeley Police Chief Andrew Greenwood: "Our people did exactly what we asked of them." Police in Berkeley have been widely criticized on Twitter for being weak and letting violence and property damage go on around them. Greenwood: Criticism can take its toll emotionally but officers made him proud.
this thing was delivering food today on Shattuck
"Two incompatible sacred values in American universities" by Jonathan Haidt
Ann Coulter's Berkeley University Speech Was Cancelled But She's Going Anyways
Do summer sessions contribute to terms in attendance?
Why do we have to take all these breadth courses?
Ann Coulter Vows to Speak at Berkeley After University Cancels Her Appearance
Berkeley cancels conservative firebrand Ann Coulter’s speech over fears of more violent protests
Living at I-House, thoughts?
Going into L&amp;S Computer Science blind.
The Berkeley College Republicans appear to be hosting an "animal rights barbecue" where they will sell hot dogs and hamburgers
What are the implications of a 13.5 unit Phase-1?
John Denero speaking at Cloyne Court Hotel: "Can Berkeley Provide Computing Education for Everyone"
Does anyone know if Ling 100 lectures are required?
Anybody an Uber driver?
Tyann Sorrell received $1.7 million from the University of California to settle her sexual harassment lawsuit — a landmark payment that could be one of the largest Title IX settlements in UC history. Sorrell had accused former UC Berkeley School of Law dean Sujit Choudhry of sexually harassing her.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "This week, a portion of the Editorial Board dissented with the majority opinion." Majority editorial: "Antifa presence helped defend communities." Dissenting editorial: "Antifa's actions at recent rally did not provide long-term solution to country's divisions."
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: "[My doc] told me my pap test had come back abnormal and I had low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions…I still don't know if I have HPV. After telling one of my partners he stopped wanting to eat me out because he had read that it could cause oral cancer."
Jose Paz-Leja, 26, of Berkeley was arrested last week Monday and is set to enter a plea Wednesday. Police got a call from a woman who said a man dressed in a red shirt had waved a gun at her near Harmon and Sacramento streets sometime before 9:30 p.m.
On the eve of the closure of Berkeley’s winter homeless shelter at 1231 Second St., the city received an anonymous $15,000 donation to keep it running for another month. The shelter opened Dec. 23 as an emergency measure to protect more of Berkeley's homeless during an unusually rainy winter.
Mayor Jesse Arreguin backs police response to violence at rally. "The police took a very careful, very thoughtful approach. They could've moved very aggressively, and that definitely would've escalated things."
I wrote about my views on the fighting in Berkeley last Saturday. I would love to know what you all think.
problems with my major are making me depressed
Is Cal Answers available to incoming freshman?
Berkeley Police Department: Coffee with a Cop. "Hope to see you at Caffe Strada, 2300 College Avenue, Wednesday, April 19, 2017, from 11:00am to 12:30pm for Coffee with a Cop. No agenda or speeches, just a chance to ask questions, share concerns and meet some of the team who works to keep you safe."
Computer Science Majors Help
Are people planning violence at the Coulter speech on the 27th?
Oakland Seeks Mentors
Econ major at Berkeley
Living at Garden Village?
Vinod Khosla (Investor, Billionaire) is coming to Berkeley on Wednesday
How do you meet people in Berkeley?
( serious ) Failing a class, looking to transfer to UCB. Need advice
NEED ADVICE. Purposely failing a class (transfer student)
Am I at risk of being denied admission from UC Haas because of maximum transfer credit?
Okay, and?
Changing major within L&amp;S as a transfer student?
Facing funding cuts, Cal language lecturers introduced a petition last week to combat potential threats to the livelihood of their departments. The Change.org petition titled "Stop Shrinking Our Language Departments" emphasizes the uniqueness and diversity of the 67 world languages offered at Cal.
Evidence of high demand and low supply in Berkeley: this home on Portland Avenue went on the market for $895,000. Fourteen days later it was pending. It sold for $1,310,000, 46% above list price. The average sale price for a Berkeley home was $1,195,898, 20% higher than the average list price.
Berkeleyside's Frances Dinkelspiel and Natalie Orenstein: Who were the groups behind the rally and the fighting? Berkeleyside has rounded up some of the major players.
Rudra Reddy: "Liberals brace for the trauma that Ann Coulter’s appearance at UC Berkeley is going to unleash on their favorite victim groups ... if your disgust compels you to resort to violence aimed at shutting down the event, I suggest you acquire a pacifier and immediately seek pediatric care."
Nathan Berry, a student at the UC Berkeley School of Law, died April 11, 2017, at the age of 34. Berry had been diagnosed with leukemia three years earlier. Berry was a veteran who had been stationed in Korea for more than eight years.
22 members of the Cal chapter of Chi Omega were asked to leave the sorority after a private Instagram — or "Finsta" — account they ran was discovered by the sorority's national branch. It had topless photos of women in the sorority, a violation of the national branch's "human dignity" rule.
cs186
If you need Berkeley PD to have a "symbolic arrest" at your march, let them know, it's a service they offer.
Dinner!
I'm Really Worried About Future Violence in Berkeley
Tiny Hands Drumpfkins are trying to remove this rare pepe from the internet. Let's see them make fun of us liberal arts majors now!
Is anyone able to add CS 70 to their shopping cart?
Zesty Cal-related memes that only real Cal students will understand.
Will I be prepared to double major in Pure Math and CS and get a 3.7+?
Tim Pool, journalist who took much of the video of the rally, and interviewed the woman who was punched, joins Dave Rubin for a discussion about Antifa, UC Berkeley, independent journalism, Sweden, and more.
Berkeley vs UCLA for math
Berkeley CoC vs. CoE vs. L&amp;S admission difficulty.
The only honest view of the riot you'll see online
Hostility towards conservatives from Moderators
Trump supporting white supremacist Nathan Damigo caught on video punching woman at Berkeley rally
You're a joke. You're school is a joke. You're town is a joke. You're mayor is a joke. You're police force is a joke.
Who was actually behind the protests?
UC Berkeley math for functional analysis
Antifa are not just protesters, they are attempted murderers.
Vito tried to solve the protests using Pepsi.
UCLA vs Cal English (Creative Writing)
The Violent Clashes In Berkeley Weren't 'Pro-Trump' Versus 'Anti-Trump.' The media's oversimplification of what happened during Saturday's rally risks obscuring a long-brewing and fast-escalating conflict between the far left and the far right.
Why has Eatsa been closed randomly over the past few days?
"Naweed Tahmas and his fellow Berkeley College Republicans show their young age and lack of a fully developed prefrontal cortex in asserting that when they invite more provocative speakers to campus, it generates a campuswide dialogue."
Make no mistake. The pro-Trump crowd on Saturday were actual nazis. Evidence inside.
NEW ADMIT WHO IS FREAKING OUT
Heads up, looks like /r/Berkeley is being invaded again. Just wait a few days and things should go back to normal.
I have no extracurriculars. What are my chances of transferring?
Pro-Trump supporters demonstrated without a permit. Berkeley PD arrested more people than any other demonstration in recent history.
Discussing Berkeley with Luke from WeAreChange
The Washington Post: The Berkeley rally aftermath: Mass arrests, a stabbing and weaponized Pepsi. A news station called it "something resembling a war zone." A park that normally sees produce stalls on the weekend was the scene of a stabbing, as well as 20 arrests and 11 injuries.
One perspective on poverty intervention comes from the area of study known as peace and conflict studies, or PACS, at UC Berkeley. Campus lecturer Darren Zook commented that, from a PACS point of view, global poverty is a form structural violence and should be treated as such.
Jessica Flores, a first-generation immigrant, on 3rd grade: "I remember the teacher—I didn't speak English, and the girl who sat next to me did, so she would translate in class the first day, and the teacher called her out and said, 'Hey, don't translate for her. This is America. We speak English.'"
Greek councils re-think their approach to addressing sexual assault. UC Berkeley is not unfamiliar with the striking pervasiveness of sexual assault. According to last year’s Annual Security Report, there were a total of 47 instances of sexual offenses reported on or around campus in 2015.
I like how the Berkeley PD handled the latest protests.
Kimberly Tze, 21, of Elk Grove was identified as the woman who fell to her death from a balcony early Sunday morning. According to Tze's Facebook page she loved dogs, especially corgis. Tze was studying computer science at UC Berkeley where she was a member of Upsilon Pi Epsilon and Alpha Phi Omega.
Leftists actually convinced themselves that genderless antifa faggots would win street fights.
[NON POLITICAL THREAD] - What's keeping you up?
We need to unite against radicals from either side they only are a distraction. trump would love f or these riots to continue so he can continue to do shady shit.
UC Berkeley student falls to death :(
Is it just me or does Unit 2 have no wifi?
Is it just me or does Unit 2 have no wifi?
grade deflation?
President Trump is the Best, a True Patriot. Thoughts?
Official call for mayor Jesse Arreguin to step down.
What are my chances of getting off the Waitlist as a prospective CogSci Major?
True Independent Journalism covers the protests from all angles and viewpoints. Must Watch!
I attended the berkeley protest as antifa. the worst mistake of my life.
summer financial aid offers?
Getting President Trump to Speak at UC Berkeley
A message to the culture warriors
Is Math 10A webcasted?
Antifa is destroying UC Berkeley's reputation
Possibility of doing EECS+Business?
Fuck all y'all overly political motherfuckers
Let's see how badly this goes... I have a question
Do Engineering Physics majors get the same engineering design team opportunities as MechE/EECS majors?
What are some fun/fascinating/life-changing classes being offered in Fall 2017?
The alt-right might still be in town
The Battle for Berkeley VR Experience
[DURING PROTESTS] /r/berkeley will become SELF POST ONLY. All news during these times must be from actual news websites and not blogs. Daily Cal is still allowed because it's local.
test
Example of Trump Supporters Provoking Protesters for a violent reaction
Example of Trump Supporters Provoking Protesters for a violent reaction
Haas School of Business alum Patrick Awuah is profiled in the NewsHour's "Agents for Change" series for his return to Africa to found Ashesi University in the West African nation of Ghana. The school is experimental, and one goal is to teach the continent's next generation of leaders about ethics.
ASUC President Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris of CalSERVE identifies as a woman of color, Afro-Palestinian, queer and low-income, and she has mental health issues and an eating disorder. Many of these identities come with stigmas, which AbdulQadir-Morris said she wants to help dismantle.
Cal officials are encouraging students and researchers to take a survey about their housing choices by April 26. Possible sites for future student housing include the Oxford Tract, People's Park, and other locations in Berkeley, Albany and Richmond. Participants will be entered in a lottery.
The second women's mosque in the United States, Qal’bu Maryam (Maryam's Heart, or the heart of Mary, Jesus' mother), opened today in Berkeley with a dedication ceremony and prayers at its home at Starr King School for the Ministry, a graduate school and Unitarian Universalist seminary on LeConte.
The Free Speech Rally in Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park quickly became violent Saturday as several members of the crowd were hit with pepper spray and numerous fights occurred. BPD made 20 arrests. 11 people were evaluated for injuries; seven were brought to local hospitals for treatment.
Mods, please set this sub to Private whenever these kinds of protests happen. r/the_donald is showing strong right now.
Greetings Berkeley canadian here I would like to talk about the recent conflict that's been brewing here.
I saw something tonight that really bothered me and I need to get it off my chest.
Hey lulz, having a fun night?
ELI5: the protest situation
Newly admitted student here. Who should I contact for details regarding AP exams?
Profa who punched woman in face today has previous conviction for pulling gun on taxi driver he "thought was Iraqi"
Bay Area Antifa "Free speech has an air of white supremacy...since we have a white majority, the maj. will drown out the minority"
Future Protests?
Future Protests?
A Rare Moment of Unity. Racist Trump supporter extends a hand of understanding to Antifa.
Berkeley Police Officers Explain Why They Aren't Being Proactive During Protests
Video of street fighting between Trump Supporters and Leftist protesters in Berkeley
AntiFa get beat down and run out of right wing protest
Anybody live in their car?
Let's resurrect r/Berkeleyhousing once again! I just posted a single room there
Bobby Lee (@bobbylee_dc) of the Daily Cal: John Beavers says he sustained a broken nose after being Antifa members "blindsided me with brass knuckles". #berkrally
Live coverage: Berkeley protests — Berkeleyside
UC Berkeley, U Vienna, Charpentier Appeal PTAB's CRISPR Patent Decision
Parking at the Greek Theater?
should i do a semester @ berkeley
@berkeleyside: Lots of people got doused when a pepper spray "bomb" went off.
hello
Is the BART closed today?
"Don't Tread on Memes" flag at right-wing rally in Berkeley
[Sat, April 22] Earth Day Cleanup @ Middle Harbor Shoreline Park! Free lunch, prizes, and a bird walk!
If this post gets 50k upvotes, /r/berkeley will host a Milo Yiannopoulos AMA and become Donald Trump themed.
Anybody know anything about overenrollment?
Pros and cons of new Phase I unit cap?
A rally in Civic Center Park on Saturday, being touted by some critics as perhaps the largest racist event ever seen in Berkeley, prompted authorities to send a message of caution to local residents. Sticks, pipes, poles and more banned. Those who don't respect the ban could be ticketed or arrested.
Sarah Heo: "Honor, loyalty and fierce family pride are legendary hallmarks of Asian culture and melodramatic television shows. … But this creed to maintain the family image has also protected and perpetuated a dark secret that lingers within almost every unit: the stigma of mental illness.
Daily Cal Editorial Board criticizing BCR and bridgeCal for inviting Ann Coulter: "When members of bridgeCal spoke to our Editorial Board, they admitted that Coulter would likely not change anybody's minds on campus … They have put a burden on the Berkeley community to show up for the Q&amp;A portion."
CalSERVE's Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris won president, Student Action's Helen Yuan won executive vice president, CalSERVE's Rigel Robinson won external affairs vice president, Student Action's Andrew-Ian Bullitt won academic affairs vice president, and independent Jillian Free won student advocate.
The UC Board of Regents settled two lawsuits with former UC Berkeley School of Law dean Sujit Choudhry and Tyann Sorrell, who served as Choudhry's executive assistant. The settlement requires that the UC regents terminate the disciplinary process and withdraw all pending charges against Choudhry.
Cal jazz trumpet instructor Ellen Seeling sent Mike Cernovich, a conservative media persona, a controversial Facebook message Friday. Seeling: "I think that you're a prick who claims date rape doesn't exist. If yes, f*** you up the a** with a poisoned broomstick c***s***. We s*** in your mouth."
Asking for someone, rejected from 5th Year Masters CS program
5th Year Masters appeals?
Guns at Berkeley?
Classes where you make money
PSA: You can now enroll in up to 13.5 units for Phase 1.
Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally
Help on Freshman Schedule
Help with Electives
Prospective transfer student here w some questions
Hell with electives
Many people spoke about how, in past years, ASUC senators would "block vote" to hinder the work of another senator or executive in a different party. Jake Fineman: "No one's going to go on the record saying, yeah, I voted this down because I didn't want (them) to have any accomplishments by name."
Death threats against the Berkeley College Republicans add to a growing list of harassment against the group. The graffiti, which has been found in spaces like the Unit 1 Housing sign and a pole by Crossroads, includes messages such as "KILL BCR," "BEHEAD THE B.C.R.'s" and "LYNCH the B.C.R.'s."
Star Parker, a conservative activist, visited Alan Ross' Political Science 179 to address issues of urban poverty. She offered five policy proposals including ending abortion subsidies and welfare entitlement reform. She'd requested anonymity prior to event because she was concerned for her safety.
School desegregation pioneer Sylvia Mendez, 80, made the rounds at Berkeley schools Thursday, culminating in an event at Longfellow Middle School. In 1946, 9-year-old Mendez was a key figure in the case requiring California to desegregate its public schools—years before Brown v. Board of Education.
School desegregation pioneer Sylvia Mendez made the rounds at Berkeley schools Thursday, culminating in an event at Longfellow Middle School. In 1946, 9-year-old Mendez was a key figure in the case requiring California to desegregate its public schools—years before Brown v. Board of Education.
President Donald Trump's budget proposal left many Cal researchers uncertain about future of their funding. Federal funding makes up nearly half of Cal's $4.4 billion research budget. The only proposed increase to a department that significantly finances UC research was to the Department of Defense.
Berkeley or LA?
"It's only when we invite more provocative speakers that it generates a campus-wide dialogue," says student Naweed Tahmas, of the Berkeley College Republicans, about his group's invitation of conservative commentator Ann Coulter to speak on campus about immigration on April 27.
Chances of getting into a summer math course?
Taking 13 credits first semester as economics/pre-haas smart?
How do students study in college?
Easy/chill CS tech electives?
Where to find friends with benefits?
I'm not sure if this already exists, but I made a discord chat for fellow EECS admits. Please join so we can get to know each other!
Anyone know anyone who needs a sublet in the Menlo Park/Sunnyvale area this summer?
Safe neighborhood to park free in Berkeley
Is there any way to see when everyone's Phase 1 is?
You guys ready to bash some Antifa this weekend?
MCB Major Tips
EECS 101 Piazza: Student asks about qualifications for doing EECS research. Kris Pister on how he now can write a "really strong letter" of reference for an undergrad who'd been struggling but now succeeded. Research takes "Tenacity. Determination. Persistence. Irrational refusal to admit defeat."
Cal alum Chris Pine is among a number of famous actors making guest appearances on the TBS show "Angie Tribeca". Playing Dr. Thomas Hornbein – a Hannibal Lecter-like "creepy inmate housed at the Mennen Speed Stick Maximum Security Prison," he was in the season opener and will be in two more episodes
A Berkeley couple's honeymoon to Hawaii left them in agony after both newlyweds contracted rat lungworm disease, which affects people’s brain and spinal cord. Ben Manilla, 64, and Eliza Lape, 57, got married on Maui in January. Manilla is a teacher at "UC Berkley's Graduate School of Journalism".
Avowed "patriot" Kyle Chapman, aka "Based Stickman," 41, was arrested in Berkeley on Monday evening after he reportedly got into a fight with a skateboarder who struck him, as well as a man who brandished a large knife at him. His video, posted Tuesday, has been viewed over 144,000 times.
UC Berkeley's University Partnership Program has signed an $8 million contract with Peet's Coffee &amp; Tea to help fund student programs across campus over the course of 10 years. Each year, Peet's will also provide four entry-level jobs to campus graduates.
A building of housing units owned by Raj Properties is allegedly infested with bedbugs. Andrei Gadson, 62, a member of the Cal Alumni Association, is a resident of the building, which is located at 2057 University Ave. "I've been getting bitten up every day — it's all over my neck. It's gruesome."
How do I choose a freshman schedule
L&amp;S CS freshmen schedule recommendations
ASUC FiComm increases Bridges coalition's budget $20,000 on appeal to a total of $205,000 (not counting their $6/student mandatory fee). Bridges complains to Daily Cal that this is not enough and it's not fair that they "have to keep going to ASUC and justify" their funding every year.
Overnight Parking in Underhill?
Local labor attorney?
Wish I could go back and change my major
Advice for the next semester
Need a CS61B Tutor $20/hr
Work Ethic vs Test Scores?
Has anyone taken Cog Sci 1B?
Is this a doable freshman schedule for a L&amp;S CS/Applied Math major?
Anyone interested in Fashion Networking Event
EECS here. Foothill or Bowles?
Conservative Writer David Horowitz’s Talk At UC Berkeley Cancelled
"Based Stickman" Calls Berkeley Residents "Cocksuckers" &amp; "Cowards" in Park, Confronted by Skaters
Can anyone who's doing Engineering Physics tell me it's advantages?
California Today: Berkeley Turns to Comedian for Advice
TEDxBerkeley's 2017 Event Will Constellate Thousands of Unheard Voices
Why do shoelaces come untied? Berkeley researchers found out
How to complete Bear Pact online training?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: "In my case, kink is pretty awesome, but I'm going to keep to my mostly vanilla sex life. … I don't care about knowing the 25 best ways to give a blow job or eat a pussy, just that the partner I have in front of me is enjoying themselves."
Assistant EECS professor Anca Dragan studies interactions between humans and robots as a colleague of Professor Stuart Russell, whose book on artificial intelligence first inspired her to join the field in high school. "Now, I get to be a colleague of Stuart's, and he's just a few offices away."
Lucy Nguyen Tate, a student-worker: "I wipe down the tables at Crossroads and glance up every now and then to see hordes of students anxiously waiting for Late Night. While they decide what to order, a coworker wonders how he will his pay rent in distress. He says he has not been paid in a month."
Thomas Peele, a lecturer at the University of California, Berkeley's Graduate School of Journalism, is among East Bay Times staffers honored Monday with a Pulitzer Prize in the breaking news category for their reporting on Oakland's deadly Ghost Ship warehouse party fire.
As part of a recently created program the Berkeley Free Clinic has exclusively set aside time outside of its normal hours of operation to offer free dental procedures to undocumented immigrants in the Bay Area without legal status or are seeking asylum. Cal senior Clay Carter co-founded the program.
Police are investigating a sexual assault at an off-campus fraternity party Saturday in Berkeley. The female victim, who is a student at the University of California at Berkeley, was attending the party when the sexual assault occurred. It is within the jurisdiction of the city of Berkeley's PD.
Made it to EECS, curious about Haas Business....
Any recommendations for summer classes with Math 53?
Summer subleasing experiences?
Lost 64gb memory card at Sigur ros concert At the Greek theater $200 REWARD
My Grandma's 1963 UC Berkeley Course Catalogue
p/np'd wrong class
Daily Instagram challenge for UGBA 190T
Berkeley Turns to Comedian for Commencement
Engineering Better Solutions for the ASUC with Sunny from the Pirate Party | #BearMinds ep. 6
I'm a running with the Pirate Party for ASUC Senate. AMA
Is there somewhere I can get free hot/boiling water on campus?
Advice Regarding Academic Year Housing
How lenient do people think Josh Hug will be about bumping people up 2-3 points in 61b if they're right on the brink of declaring. As in 61b is the last prereq and everything.
How do you vote in ASUC elections?
Berkeley Farmers Market Canceled Due To Safety Fears Over Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Non-Permitted Rally
Two women reported a suspicious person peeping in the fourth floor coed restrooms of the Unit 2 Griffith building 9:45 a.m. Friday. The suspect was described as a 6-foot Black male with a light to medium complexion, dark hair with a faded haircut. Witnesses described him as being in his 20s.
Depression at Berkeley
Rudra Reddy: "Microaggressions, trigger warnings and safe spaces all share the same justification — the idea that students need to be protected from certain types of speech or certain ideas. If you are accepted to UC Berkeley, your acceptance letter should be your one and only trigger warning."
San Francisco Chronicle editorial on the prospect of building "badly needed" dorms on the People's Park site: "The idea is worth considering. But UC Berkeley officials will need to tread carefully." It added that provisions would have to be made for the homeless denizens of the park.
Japanese internment camp survivors with deep roots in Berkeley reunite with family possession, a wooden trunk from the Tule Lake internment camp. An internment survivor and UC Berkeley alum will give a talk April 26, 2017 at 6pm at Multicultural Community Center on Bancroft Way and Telegraph Avenue.
Reports of stickers around campus representing the alt-right organization Identity Evropa have surfaced. Since appearing on campus last year, founder Nathan Damigo was on campus again during Donald Trump's inauguration to interview members of the Berkeley College Republicans for the Red Ice channel.
Berkeley College Republicans: UC, UCPD diminishing David Horowitz's audience. Flyer: "The only time (they've) allowed (Horowitz) to speak is at 1 p.m., a time when most students are in class, and (have) said he cannot actually appear on the main campus but only at Krutch Theatre, a ten minute walk."
I am an incoming freshman and have not made any friends with anyone from the facebook group. Socially speaking, am I at a serious disadvantage?
2016 article relevant to the current ASUC election: UC Berkeley students pay more than $1,000 per year in campus-based fees
What squirrels did over spring break
The GSI: Berkeley's unsung heroes
UC Berkeley Summer Subleasing
Anyone with a cap/gown to rent or lend?
Best faculty sponsor for a meme decal?
Daily Cal Editorial Board: All endorsements for the 2017 ASUC elections
The Daily Cal's endorsements for the 2017 ASUC elections
Grades Post Admission Decision
Does anyone who went to Sigur rós's concert this Saturday at Greek theater have any videos/photos to share?
How bad is having NP for 3 units worth of classes (DeCals)?
University Village Housing Needs Domestic Partnership?
Panel on Student Debt is tomorrow
Hilfinger Fall 2017 CS61A
Summer financial aid
What is bconnected?
A tough decision: where to go to school
EECS 101 Piazza: Is tech sector starting to slow down? "Neither the supply of money nor the demand for coders is infinite. Everyone will learn to code sooner or later. In Vietnam they start from 2nd grade and their 11th graders have skills comparable to our college students'" Learn 2nd discipline
SafeSpace is a startup founded by UC Berkeley students to connect campus students experiencing mental health issues with other students who face similar experiences. It placed first in the Improving Student Life category of UC Berkeley's 2016 Big Ideas contest, winning $10,000.
Paul Glusman was a freshman at UC Berkeley in 1965 when he marched with the Vietnam Day Committee toward the Oakland Army Base. Less campus activism: Glusman said the weight of student loans and the movement away from the humanities were also responsible for the changes at UC Berkeley.
Alicia Gutierrez, a first-generation immigrant: I did a bunch of programs in high schools, helping bridge the gap for minorities. Though they're trying to empower, you're constantly reminded you're one of a few, defeating the statistics. Hearing it so often, you start to believe it's harder for you.
Four referendums are on ballot for 2017 ASUC election. Big "C" (Big Community) Referendum (student fee: $29), the Housing Security Referendum (student fee: $4), the Community and Career Connections Initiative (student fee: $18), and the Life at UC Berkeley EXpansion Referendum (student fee: $10).
Growing up, André Luu, Student Action's ASUC presidential candidate, was on a track to become a Buddhist monk at age 4. Luu is no longer pursuing this path, but his unique upbringing has heavily influenced many of his values — he's a lifelong vegetarian and was taught to dream big.
Next Steps for an Intended Data Science Major?
Just a few questions about my dream school!
Is the power out for you?
High School Junior looking for advice on admissions to Berkeley for EE
Chemical Engineering?
What laptop is best for EECS? Would a base model Lazer Blade or XPS 13 work?
April 15th, 2017, 12:00pm - Come defend free speech!
summer financial aid
Is Everest Properties really that bad?
Advice!
Soda Hall Food Service
CS61A Summer Session Q's
What are the co-op apartments like?
Lost memomry card Greek theater Reward
Housing at foothill
Janet Napolitano: VICE News Tonight on HBO
How exactly does being admitted to Haas work?
EECS 101 Piazza: post from December 2016. Student: "I took CS186 this semester and got rank top3 out of 500+ students in overall grade. … However, I only got an A for this course, not an A+. … I understand that A and A+ make no difference on GPA, but I believe I deserve an A+ in this course."
Sarah Heo: "Protests lose power and become acts of entitlement not when they are given more worth than they deserve, but when actors forget it is their privilege to speak out. Forty-five million Americans live below the poverty line and cannot afford to lose a day's worth of pay to add their voice."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Cal "lives up to its reputation as a socially conscious campus, and annual ASUC elections show what is so great about this institution. Where else will you find college students so fervently talking about mental health, homelessness, national politics and human rights?"
Daily Cal Editorial Board endorses CalSERVE's Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris for president over SA's André Luu. "A large part of the office is about the symbolic capital the position affords to raising awareness of certain issues, and we believe that power will be best wielded by AbdulQadir-Morris."
Somebody is launching DoS attack on EECS machines: THANK YOU!!!!
This week, for the first time ever, Berkeley police officers were given carte blanche to speak without filters at a public meeting about gang activity and what can be done to help those drawn to it. Sgt. Patty Delaluna: "There was a kid I knew since he was 4 years old, and I watched him bleed out."
Commuting to Berkeley/defer admission?
How is the history department at Berkeley?
Berkeley Alumnus Olympic gold medalist to race while pregnant
Financial Aid Packages for Academic Year 2017-2018: Are they out yet?
Regents for EECS
Best Cheap Salads in Berkeley
Survry for college students 18+.
Local gyms
Geography at Berkeley
I have not found a roommate yet. Is my life at Berkeley over? (EECS)
Two questions about cost
Are new applicants ever accepted into coops?
Co-op apartments - what are they like?
Can people who picked Berkeley over UCLA or UCSB (or both) let me know why?
Transfer Courses
Finding Housing for the Summer Near Berkeley
Berkeley party scene
5 lunch spots in Berkeley under $10 to try now
Exchange student wanting advice about coops
Is it still possible to take less than 13 units for a semester?
Exchange student wanting advice about co-ops
Where to find a Screwdriver
Daily Cal Editorial Board reluctantly endorses Andrew-Ian Bullitt for AAVP. He wants more funding for computer science, which is mostly self-sufficient thanks to donors and grants but other L&amp;S departments face funding cuts. "Across his platforms, a troubling disconnect with non-STEM fields emerges"
Quidditch is a sport played in Harry Potter, where players fly around on broomsticks. The 2016 Cal team went to nationals and made it to the second, final day. They practice throughout school year. Anyone who wants to participate can join at any time. They always have an extra broomstick to spare.
To the relief of hundreds of mourning families, Berkeley Tuolumne Camp will be brought back to life. City Council voted Tuesday to dedicate $3.3 million to rebuilding the Berkeley-run camp, which was destroyed by the 2013 Rim Fire. That local contribution allows the city to access grants from FEMA.
Coding Autism, an LA-based startup co-founded by Cal alum Austen Weinhart, raised over $18,000. It will use the funds to finance its ASPIRE Web Development Immersive—a 15-week course where adults with autism can learn communication and technology skills needed for an entry-level web developer job.
The number of Alameda County's registered Republican residents has declined, while No Party Preference residents increased, and Democrats stayed the same. Berkeley College Republicans President Jose Diaz said national stage is affecting state politics, especially how Californians view Republicans.
UC Berkeley Was Warned About Its Star Professor Years Before Sexual Harassment Lawsuit
Bowles Hall
Did anyone here do the Global Edge Program
Whales at Berkeley
Gov. Brown declares California drought to be officially over
How to update SSN?
Workstudy Jobs Available That Print Money
How possible is it to get into a summer class from a waitlist?
What are some of the biggest pranks Berkeley students have pulled off?
Women Complained About UC Berkeley’s Star Professor Long Before Sexual Harassment Lawsuit
Fellow AS UCB Trevor COX Member is an anti-free speech politician who uses student favors to gain popularity and believes in favors over public service:
Asking for Financial Aid?
Daily Cal Archives: April 8, 1968 issue: "Three campus unions have called for a halt to all University activities tomorrow to observe the funeral of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Union spokesmen called the halt a protest of white racism [which led to King's murder] which is rampant in our own ranks."
Karina Pauletti: "The experience of being a mixed ethnicity person is fairly intricate. There is indeed much privilege attached to being 'difficult to define.' That night at the mall and some off-color flirting are the most overt examples of racism I have personally experienced."
In "The Beauty and Joy of Computing," the course he helped conceive for nonmajors at UC Berkeley, professor Daniel Garcia explains an all-important concept in computer science — abstraction — in terms of milkshakes. Since 2011, nationwide the number of computer science majors has more than doubled.
From lowering countertops and telephones to widening bathroom doors, the Rolling Quads of quadriplegic students opened up the campus to people in wheelchairs, making UC Berkeley one of the most accessible in the country. Ed Roberts and the Rolling Quads started the independent living movement.
The Berkeley College Republicans collaborated with Young Americans for Freedom to invite conservative author and speaker David Horowitz to speak on campus April 12 in Clark Kerr Campus' Krutch Theater. Horowitz, a UC Berkeley alumnus, founded the Students for Academic Freedom in 2001.
How do you feel about Trump's missile strike?
How to deal with being a bitter virgin
Having trouble deciding between UCLA and Berkeley for a few reasons...
How hard would CS61B + Physics 5B/BL + Astro7A together be?
Interview a Woman immigrant/refugee, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Queer or Trans about their life
The squirrels are now tagging campus.
Best History Breadth in terms of time commitment
Best places to buy Coachella tickets?
How to apply for COOPs
IEOR and Pre-Haas? Is Berkeley Right for Me?
Possible to take 53, 55, and Stats 134 together?
Number of UC Berkeley international applicants decreases for 1st time in decade | The Daily Californian
City Council appointed "homegrown leader" Andrew Greenwood as BPD chief. Born and raised in Berkeley, he has worked at BPD for three decades. His parents still live in the home he grew up in, and his sister and her family live in town. He attended Jefferson, Franklin and King and graduated from BHS.
UC Berkeley ranks third among the top 50 institutions granting more than 60% of doctorates in the humanities and arts during the 2014-15 academic year. Berkeley came in first in foreign languages and literature, second for history, 10th for Letters, and 10th for other humanities and arts.
VITA is the national Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program that provides free tax preparation services for low-income individuals and families. As Tax Day—April 18, 2017—approaches, 82 Cal students, up from 51 in 2016, are working for VITA in 7 community centers in the East Bay and San Francisco.
The North Berkeley home of Art Rosenfeld, who died in January at the age of 90, went on the market this week, priced at $2,190,000. Rosenfeld and his wife Roz, who died in 2009, bought the home in 1960. The 4,160-square-foot home, built in 1939, boasts classic Mediterranean details.
The Undergraduate Workers Union shut down Golden Bear Cafe Wednesday afternoon demanding that Cal Dining student employees receive back pay for alleged wage theft and an increased wage of $17 to $19 an hour from Cal Dining management. UCPD arrested 17 protesters who had locked themselves inside GBC.
A rally advocating for the campus to provide free menstrual products in campus bathrooms was held Wednesday afternoon on Sproul Plaza by YWCA Berkeley/Oakland. Eileen Ollivier: "We believe tampons and pads are not luxury items. They're a necessity — just as important as hand soap and toilet paper."
How difficult is it to achieve the 3.3 GPA req to declare CS?
Speed dating at Berkeley? Does it work? What have you heard?
Can't purchase graduation tickets for self
Online courses?
Can anyone give me any insight as to the fraternities at Berkeley? What's available and what they're like? Thnx
Why are the majority of the bathrooms at Berkeley absolutely fucked?
how hard is berkeley?
A quick rant about the Cal Time "upgrade"
Wtf is going on at GBC?
Smallest MCB classes?
Reddit SYSAdmin Fails to Block VPN Users at School
Graduation Accoutrements - What's the protocol?
can you all please lik the post of me on the facebook group? i dont have friend
South L.A. student finds a different world at UC Berkeley
Hello every. i got into facebook group. how would you suggest i introduce myself?
How much do you need per year to live at/near Berkeley?
how important is it to make the friends on the facebook group? i haven't made any yet (i'm eecs).
Do cal alumni keep their emails and the bConnected accounts?
Lower Div Prereqs for Data Science?
PSA: Schedule Planner and Phase I/II dates are now up on CalCentral!
Karim Doumar, incoming Daily Cal editor in chief, on Twitter: "Nothing brings people to the RSF faster than @benandjerrys"
For those that are in Haas/doing pre-Haas, what business clubs should I join if I don't want to ruin my life/get no sleep by rushing a frat?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: A munch is an event where people can eat food, hang out, and talk about kink without anything sexual happening. I began hosting Berkeley Under 30 Munch for the kinky and kink-curious. Many curious students didn't want to deal with older people hitting on them.
How to Build The Future DeCal: Classes free for anyone to audit. Videos at thefuture.build. Many A-list Silicon Valley celebrities give talks like Caviar's Jason Wang, Tesla's Marc Tarpenning and Oculus' Jack McCauley. Next month: venture capitalists Josh Elman of Greylock Partners and Vinod Khosla.
At a special meeting that took fewer than 10 minutes the City Council authorized a $800,000 home loan for City Manager Dee Williams-Ridley. The vote was unanimous but four council members were absent. Williams-Ridley, appointed city manager in March 2016, currently commutes from Sacramento.
Amazon is one of the biggest recruiters of Berkeley's MBA graduates, and starting salaries range from $137,000 to $180,000, including signing bonuses. Miriam Park, a recruitment director at Amazon, says that last year the company hired MBA graduates "in the high hundreds" around the world.
On sexual misconduct cases, UC Berkeley and Harvard are 2 sides of the same coin: Joanna Ong and Alyssa Leader both hold degrees from premier American universities—UC Berkeley and Harvard University, respectively. They are also both suing their alma maters for mishandling cases of sexual misconduct.
are all the easy teachers for math classes like meth 104 filled up first? so would it be hard for me as a freshman to take the class with easy teacher?
EECS Minor
Dropping a High School Course.
How do most people become couples/meet at Cal? Tinder? Friend circles? Clubs? Trump riots?
2017 Vital Reds Reviews and Complaints HealthyMe123
Double major Cog Sci &amp; CS?
Applications are OPEN for alumni scholarships! Apply now!
Bridges/QARC associates write op-ed whining that Andre Luu refused to give them special treatment while in office. He even voted to not give them a stipend!
Bridges/QARC associates write op-ed whining that Andre Luu refused to give them special treatment while in office. He even voted to not give them a stipend!
Is Clark Kerr worth it over Units 1/2?
Is there any way to get out of core requirements?
Guy writes #BLM a hundred times as an essay, gets into stanfurd. Glad we have higher standards
Need help installing water filtration system
What's going good in your Berkeley student life? What about Berkeley has made you happy?
The proposed LUX ASUC referendum would result in more than doubling ASUC student fees over the next 3 years, with 50% of the increase going to ASUC SUPERB, raising their budget to over $500k by 2019, from $130k for 2017-2018 which is 12% of all non-internal ASUC funding for the next academic year.
Anyone have tips for getting off the waitlist?
Do GSIs/ Professors bend rules at Berkeley to favor certain students in some situations? If yes, can you please share your experiences?
Some questions about the Joint Bachelors/Masters program for CS
Winter and summer at Berkeley
Double major in Public Health and Economics, dumb idea?
Does anyone know when the Telegraph Chipotle will reopen?
Roberto Traina, 86, passed away at his home in Berkeley on March 12, 2017. He was a regular at Caffe Med on Berkeley's Telegraph Avenue where he'd sing tango in evenings. His creative efforts enabled a young Italian stroke victim to recover both speech and the ability to walk through music therapy.
Berkeley IEOR?
Rudra Reddy: "Last year, continuing in Berkeley’s long, distinguished tradition of racial lunacy, members of the Queer Alliance Resource Center and bridges Multicultural Resource Center blocked Sather Gate demanding a different 'safe space' for people of color and transgender individuals."
Berkeley's Magnes Collection of Jewish Art and Life given $10.1 million to acquire the work of Arthur Szyk, a Polish Jewish artist and political caricaturist known for work on the Holocaust and World War II, and the founding of Israel. It is Cal's largest-ever single monetary gift for acquiring art.
BUSD meeting: Washington Elementary School families engaged in performance art to drive overcrowding point home that the density of students is four times what the state considers appropriate. A father brought up a crowd around the podium and said, "This is Washington today."
BUSD meeting: Washington Elementary School families engaged in performance art to drive overcrowding point home that the density of students is four times what the state considers appropriate.. A father brought up a crowd around the podium and said, "This is Washington today."
Reginald Jackson, 20, Judah Pree, 19, and 19-year-old Abrar Aomer, three people with South Berkeley gang ties, were arrested after a fight involving guns in late March with Jackson and Pree each drawing a gun during the fight between Aomer and another young man.
Alana Banks, who goes by AB, is a former UC Berkeley student who filed a lawsuit against the UC Board of Regents on Friday after allegedly being thrown off the backseat of a golf cart while riding the Loop, which provides rides for the disabled. AB suffered a dislocated shoulder and sprained neck.
Latin 119
If you plan to major in Business Administration at Haas, what do you do for the first two years?
When do most people make friends at Berkeley? Is it before they even come to Berkeley like on Cal Day or on FB groups?
Need survey data/participants for research you're working on? Post your surveys here!
We made it into the final version of place (top right)
Hello. I'm Harneet. I'm from India. How many available Asian Q(t)ln(-1)/i's are there at Berkeley? And do they date Indians?
PS 3; Phase 1 or Phase 2 enrollment?
Will the cutoff for L&amp;S CS be raised to 3.5? Who can I ask?
Whats the deal with Chemical Engineering here?
Econ 101ab for freshman
Not paying a campus parking ticket...
Energy Engineering at UC Berkeley
Does anybody have any experience with what Berkeley might do if I use a VPN and have heavy wifi usage?
The Hate Man dies at 80
[Stupid Questions: New Admit Edition] Did you just get accepted into Berkeley? Have some simple and stupid questions that you're dying to get answered? Ask here!
Graduating early
EECS change of major
Networking @ Berkeley
Recruit Amazon customer interviewee ($20 gift card per participant)
Transferring from L&amp;S CS to EECS after freshman year?
Everybody Let's run this script to defend Cal!
People are attacking our logo! We need some people to help repair it!
Anyone take Physics 8B? I'm looking for a problem set on geometric optics
/r/place Completed Cal Logo!
Joining Band?
Pot Growing Class and Resources to Grow Pot
Switching majors within Engineering?
taking chem and bio in the same semester...
Will I die at Berkeley?
Hey Bears! Help us on r/Place by helping us put this below the Cal Logo on the far right corner. The politics has been settled and there won't be a war between us and Sweden!
UC President Janet Napolitano announced energy efficiency research conducted by Mexican institutions and UC campuses would receive $10 million in additional funding. Cal's Energy and Resources Group currently partners with Tecnológico de Monterrey to look at clean energy planning.
David J. Peterson, 36, created the Dothraki and Valyrian languages for HBO's Emmy Award-winning series "Game of Thrones." He received Bachelor of Arts degrees in English and linguistics from the University of California at Berkeley.
Cal Gear
EECS 101 Piazza: Student: "Should we also impose a 3.3 GPA cutoff for EECS majors?" "As an L&amp;S CS major I think that given how impacted our classes are even at the upper division level, it would be only just to apply the same filter used against L&amp;S students to EECS students..."
Cal alum Katy Feeney, a baseball executive for four decades and a daughter of former National League President Chub Feeney, has died. She was 68. Feeney was hired by the NL in 1977 and rose to Major League Baseball's senior vice president of club relations and scheduling.
At Berkeley, Khanh-Hoa Nguyen took a course in Asian American and Pacific Islander community health. Dr. Marilyn Wong put out a call for students who were interested in documenting Asian postpartum traditions. Nguyen led 13 undergrads who spent two years interviewing relatives and collecting recipes
Berkeley vs UCLA
Political Economy questions
WE DID IT BOYS!!!
Is the overnight stay program worth it?
Operations Research and Management Science at Berkeley
We have given up too easily. This will be the new spot for our logo. Oski is looking down upon us in disgust.
So the new plan is to start the top-right corner of the C at (983,54)
We're not going to win a war with the blue corner. Let's place our logo in starting at (596,93) in the (already blue) Swedish Flag. Who's with me?
So, any luck arresting those rioters?
We can't win a war against the blue corner. I'm Restarting the Cal Logo at (848,56) in the (already blue) Sweden Flag. Who's with me?
FUCK /R/THEBLUECORNER. We're making a 'Cal' logo in the corner-est of all blue corners. We need to organize. Set an alarm on your phone to update every 5 minutes. We have 12k subscribers and I know half of you fuckers are procrastinating right now on something anyway. /r/CALCORNER
Taking math 53 and 54 at same time?
New Cal logo on /r/place, sanctioned by /r/sweden
Making friends at Berkeley
Let's get involved in r/place
Need help working out AP credits
Let's get involved in r/place
Switching to EECS
Housing portal error
Let's add Berkelium to r/place next to our beautiful Cal logo
NOTE TO PEOPLE WORKING ON THE CAL LOGO
How hard is Chemical Engineering?
quiet places to smash?
"The Big Splash is coming up in Berkeley! The women's water polo team takes on Furd this Sunday at 4PM at Speiker. While the evil Lobsterbacks are favored, this should be a fun one and it will be on Pac-12 Network." The No. 5 Bears have defeated the No. 2 Cardinal once in each of past two seasons.
Direct link to Cal Logo Construction -- help make /r/place BEAR TERRITORY! (template in comments)
UC Berkeley saw a 1% drop in freshman applications from other countries after years of annual increases from 7 to 50%. Melanie Gottlieb: Perception is Trump wants to keep international students out. UC recently increased surcharge out-of-state residents pay by 5%, raising annual tuition to $41,964.
Paul Kamen Berkeleyside's 2017 April Fools article: T1 Bond funding for Lower University Ave. blocked by landmark designation. "The next public workshop will be held for the purpose of providing input to the city and commissions regarding who the Bumpiest Street in the World should be named after."
Paul Kamen of Berkeleyside's April Fools article: T1 Bond funding for Lower University Ave. blocked by landmark designation. "The next public workshop will be held for the purpose of providing input to the city and commissions regarding who the Bumpiest Street in the World should be named after."
At its Tuesday meeting, Berkeley City Council unanimously authorized the city's acquisition of four parcels of land in West Berkeley to be used for affordable housing. The city is set to purchase 1001 University Ave., 1007 University Ave., 1011 University Ave. and 1925 Ninth St. for $6.65 million.
The European Patent Office (EPO) announced its intention to grant a broad patent for the CRISPR-Cas9 gene-editing technology to the University of California, the University of Vienna and Emmanuelle Charpentier. Edward Penhoet: This "recognizes the pioneering work of Jennifer Doudna" and others.
Please Take Survey
Berkeley vs UCLA for Pre-Med?
Double major with L&amp;S CS and Business Administration?
Let's overtake the U of A logo with a Cal logo on r/place at (91, 834)
Berkeley EECS or Stanford for undergrad?
I just got into L&amp;S, and wondering about what happens if I don't get into Haas.
Just got into L&amp;S, and wondering about my options if I don't get into Haas.
Bears, let's make a Cal logo at the bottom right corner of r/place!
Going to Berkeley has made me a better, happier, and more fulfilled person. I love this place!
How hard is it to get into CS @L&amp;S?
Deferring admission?
Pre-Med?
How to make money quickly, as a student?
I'm deciding where to attend. Berkeley EECS (w/ Regents), Caltech, or Cornell CAS. Are there a lot of Asian Q(t)ln(-1)/i's on campus?
Scraping From Piazza
Are we under attack?
Switching Majors General Question for a Incoming Freshman
UC Berkeley Nuclear Engineering undergraduate.
where is the class of 2021 raza at?
Waitlisted. What to do now?
Berkeley sucks
How true are the statements about ridiculously large class sizes at Cal
Was unit 3 renovated?
Asking for more financial aid?
Berkeley will host a free workshop on how to raise backyard chickens humanely, legally and in a way that respects neighbors from 11am to 1pm April 23, 2017, at Berkeley Animal Care Services, 1 Bolivar Drive. Conducted by UC Davis Animal Welfare Scientist and chicken behavior expert Carine Elkhoraibi
The former Hotel Durant will reopen in April as Graduate Berkeley. The 143-room landmark hotel originally opened in 1928 and was named for UC Berkeley founder Henry Durant. The hotel is a block south of the Cal campus. The opening is slated for mid-April but no specific date was set as of this week.
feeling burnt out already..
I'm a new student and I need help.
Two burglary suspects are in custody after breaking into a Berkeley home just after 8pm Thursday on Sacramento Street near Stuart Street. The suspects have now been identified as 51-year-old Reginald Patillo and 38-year-old Kizzie Sandling.
Berkeley vendors can no longer sell new fur apparel following a council vote Tuesday designed "to promote community awareness of animal welfare." Councilwoman Sophie Hahn's substitute motion—to allow the sale of cowhide with hair, and sheep or lambskin with fleece—passed 6–3.
Krista C. Gulbransen: City Council has lied to the public. Berkeley has done a bait and switch by using housing funds to buy new Council chambers. Despite claims funds raised from Measure U1 would be used for housing, money goes into Berkeley's General Fund where Council can use it however it likes.
Campus safety
[#11] Finals are almost here! Did you just get accepted into Berkeley? Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Berkeley Budget Deficit Potential Impacts On Undergrad Education
Tell me why I should come to Berkeley!
Why are Berkeley women so attractive?
Beware: Suspicious Person Prowling Local Eateries
How bad is reneging?
How bad is reneging?
Rejected Regent Scholarship
Will I get a package in the mail after being accepted?
Switching Colleges at Berkeley
Culture and community event @ Highwire cafe! Local art, music and food! Free entrance! Friday April 7th!
Chemistry, physics, math, or engineering classes to sit in on next week?
Workload at Cal?
Other International Exams in CalCentral
Is CS a lot more beneficial than CogSci?
Is the "Golden Key International Honor Society" legit?
Lost in Dwen Nel, Help getting out?
Getting into LS CS
Ejaculating Inside
Paul R. Chernoff, professor emeritus of mathematics: A memorial and celebration of life will be held 3-5 PM on April 4, 2017, at the U.C. Berkeley Faculty Club, for Paul Robert Chernoff, a member of the department for nearly five decades. He died January 17, 2017 at age 74, after a long illness.
Open house showcases new Dwinelle advising center. The center is mainly intended for freshmen and sophomores. With 22 advisers serving 20,000 students in the College of L&amp;S, or 75 percent of the undergraduates, the center is the beginning of a long-term strategy for improving advising in the college
Berkeley has been moving from an emergency services approach to homelessness to one focused on getting people into long-term housing, which has helped 57 chronically homeless. The last official estimate, in 2015, put Berkeley's "literally homeless" population at 840; new numbers are expected in June
Demonte Dansby, a 19-year-old Berkeley man, is facing several gun charges after reportedly shooting himself in the leg at a cafe near the Cal campus at 2519 Durant Ave after 10pm Friday, March 17. Dansby remains in custody on $100,000 bail at Santa Rita Jail in Dublin.
Berkeley launches "Berkeley Considers" platform so you don't have to wait until midnight to comment at City Council meetings. City staff has already used the platform to seek out comments on the city's strategic plan. Almost 450 people left their thoughts.
Getting into LSCS
gap year before freshman year
Is it possible to double major in an engineering field if you are doing L&amp;S CS?
For those that also got into UCLA: Why'd you choose Berkeley over UCLA?
Question about APs
Freshman Financial Aid question....
Questions about Berkeley Appeal
How many classes do Berkeley students take per semester?
AP Credit for L&amp;S
Should I opt for the FPF Berkeley Pathway
quiet places?
Questions about Berkeley chemical engineering
Incoming Freshman AP Tests
Incoming freshman ap tests question
Congrats to the UC Berkeley Class of 2021!
Incoming Freshman AP scores
What happens if you can't get off the waitlist for a class you need to graduate?
Carding for Alcohol
/r/ApplyingToCollege Raises the curtain on one of the greatest secrets in the world, the real truth about Stanfurd
Rent mattress on Berkeley floor in shared room for $880/month. It is a shared room with two other people who are also sleeping near the floor. The ad was featured on Padmapper, a site that takes Airbnb listings and tallies the cost per month. The listing price per night runs $26.
Acheson Commons: Construction to start this mid-summer on University Avenue near UC Berkeley. It'll have 205 apartments. Construction should take about two years. Mill Creek Residential Trust purchased it from Equity Residential. The project should increase the city's annual tax revenue by $600,000.
Tuesday night, the Berkeley City Council became the third, and largest, Bay Area city to call for the impeachment of President Donald Trump. Mayor Jesse Arreguín, co-sponsored the resolution, with Councilwoman Sophie Hahn, and called for the federal investigation into Trump.
Cal softball snapped a season-long four-game losing through a series sweep of rival Stanford. Cal pitcher and sophomore Zoe Conley led the sweep. Cal senior catcher Annie Aldrete hit two homers. The Bears have evened up their conference record at 3-3.
UCPD received a report Monday of an aggravated assault that occurred March 18 at 11:00am near 600 Kinkead Way. During the commission of the battery, the suspect, a 29-year-old Hispanic male known to the victim, used some racial epithets. The victim had a fracture to his eye socket and cheekbone.
A witness passing by Crossroads saw Christopher Junkin, 37, starting a fire 3:45am. The suspect entered The Den and barricaded himself in the restroom. When UCPD forcibly opened the door, the suspect “lunged with a shard of porcelain in his hand,” causing an officer to fire one beanbag projectile.
Batten down the hatches: Plans underway for Ann Coulter to speak at UC Berkeley
OpenFiber is rolling out in Berkeley. Fill out the 2 Minute Survey to Show Interest
Questions about living at I-House this summer
2017 Summer Fraternity Housing?
(X-Post from /r/Conservative) "We're the Berkeley College Republicans, the premier conservative group on a very liberal campus, Ask Us Anything!"
Michael-David Sasson: "I schedule CS courses based on attempts to limit conflicts as well as to meet the preferences for teaching schedules of the faculty who in their large majority would prefer to teach two days each week and not three." Student: every upperdiv/grad CS course is Tuesday/Thursday
Berkeley Police Department: Coffee With A Cop. "Hope to see you at Artis Coffee, 1717 4th Street on Wednesday, March 29, 2017, from 11:00am to 12:00pm for Coffee with a Cop. No agenda or speeches, just a chance to ask questions, share concerns, and meet some of the team who works to keep you safe."
Assistant finance professor Marcus Opp, of Berkeley's Haas School of Business, has been named one of Poets &amp; Quants' 2017 Best 40 Under 40 Professors. He currently teaches Introduction to Finance to MBA students and Corporate Finance Theory to doctoral candidates.
David Craig, treasurer of Berkeley College Republicans: Republican bill didn't go far enough in fixing the problems of Obamacare. If it had passed, people would think "This is what Republicans think health care should look like" and when that turned out poorly, people would have blamed Republicans.
UCPD was alerted at 10:30pm Thursday that a male suspect groped a female victim as she walked through the UC Berkeley campus. The victim was able to escape. The suspect is a Black man, 5 feet 5 inches in height and 23 or 24 years old, having short, dark brown hair, brown eyes, a medium build.
Ba-Bite, a Middle Eastern restaurant on Piedmont Avenue, owned by an Israeli Jew and an American, was vandalized Tuesday with a sticky slurry of what might have been feces. The owners of Ba-Bite believe the vandalism may be related to the fact they have a "Sanctuary restaurant" sign in their window.
A March 27, 1942 ad in Berkeley Gazette for a sale by a Japanese American garden nursery that'd have to shut down due to the internment. Next to a picture of an older man (presumably Miniature Gardens' owner at 1724 Carleton St.) tending a bonsai, the ad said "Your choice of 2000 while they last."
UC Berkeley College Republicans holding an AMA on r/Conservative on Wednesday March 29th, 1pm PST
Chances of getting off the coop waitlist for this fall?
Summer in Berkeley - what is there to do/join?
Heading to Singapore's NTU for exchange? Here's a useful guide
anyone going to Davis tonight or tomorrow? my friend in Davis forgot her laptop charger at my apartment, wondering if someone can shuttle it over
Ann Coulter to speak at UC Berkeley, with the Berkeley College Republicans
Berkeley EECS or Stanford undergrad?
Why do the residents of Berkeley allow Antifa's violent protests, when all it does is make Trump stronger? Are residents scared to confront the city about it?
I applied to Berkeley for transfer, and was accepted into a REU that conflicts with the start date. Will this cause issues if I am admitted?
Summer CS internship this late?
[Help!] What's the address to send State Tax Forms via Private Carriers?
EECS 101 Piazza: Student: "Discussion on 3.3 GPA Cap: Was this really the best solution?" "Personally, I have to give up a lot to shoot for this 3.3. … I have to temporarily give up CS clubs, my future start up plans, personal projects, etc. I'm pretty much postponing my life CS goals for a number."
The Indian Students Association celebrated the Holi Festival of Colors on campus Sunday. The Hindu tradition celebrates the arrival of spring and the victory of good over evil with music, food, and the tossing of colored powders and water. Students Misyrlena Egkolfopoulou and Mary Newman filmed it.
Robert Reich makes a cameo appearance in the movie Love and Taxes. The filmmakers introduced Professor Reich as "a new up-and-comer I think you're going to be hearing a lot more from." Reich on Trump: "We've got to get rid of him ... through orderly process. ... He is incompetent and insane."
City Council will vote on an emergency ordinance to buy the old Premier Cru building complex for $6.65 million to use the site for future City Council chambers and ultimately affordable housing. Berkeley plans to pay for the land by borrowing the funds from the city's Workers' Compensation Fund 875.
Widely known disability-rights activist Leslie Gordon died on March 11, 2017 at the age of 55. Born with cerebral palsy, she was a decades-long resident of Berkeley. Gordon was also a frontline activist in the fight for the passage of the ADA, and in the fight to get let-downs installed in buses.
Berkeley killing renews debate over gender pronouns
"Info W18 - Python for Data Science" Workload during Summer?
A consensus could not be reached at UC Berkeley student Pablo Gomez Jr.'s mental competency hearing March 20, 2017. Two mental health professionals replied with differing opinions on Gomez's mental competence. Judge Jon Rolefson determined a third doctor will be the "tiebreaker" presenting on May 1.
Raj Properties: "People Love Us on Yelp!"
Korean at Berkeley over the summer?
Can anyone recommend an allergist near campus?
Kathy Tomasic, 57, left her job to take a part-time position without health care benefits at Cal. This lets her take care of her son, Alec, a child prodigy with mastocytosis disorder who enrolled at Cal last fall at age 15 to study physics. It's a decision she never could have made without Obamacare
Berkeley Chamber of Commerce hosts incoming UC Berkeley Chancellor Carol Christ. She addressed the controversy of developing student housing on People's Park, telling audience members that she believed the campus has a responsibility to work to help the homeless population.
According to CrimeMapping.com, BPD has had 28 robbery reports in the past 30 days. If that sounds higher than usual, it isn't. Over the past six months or so, BPD averaged 35 robberies every 30 days. What may be less typical in recent weeks is the high number of arrests the department has netted.
That time San Francisco tried to annex Oakland, Berkeley and most of the Bay Area in 1912. Cal historical geographer and visiting scholar Gray Brechin comment on a variety of issues, including why San Francisco really should have relocated to where Oakland is once the railroad was completed in 1869.
For 18 months, UC Berkeley faculty member, physician, and anthropologist Seth M. Holmes, MD, PhD, lived and worked side-by-side with migrant farm laborers, moving from the Pacific Northwest south into Mexico. He describes his firsthand experiences, and why he believes their health Is our health.
Are Berkeley goggles real? Are there few cute guys or girls?
How to make campus more socially positive?
Are Berkeley goggles real? Are there no cute guys or girls?
Transfer Questions
EECS 101 Piazza: Student with 4.0 GPA asks "Advice for CS70 second time around?" Anant Sahai: "The math in CS70 is not some magic or esoterica. It is accessible to everyone, provided you train for it." Satish Rao: "I am a Dad for what its worth to kids roughly your age. So, I will give a Dad story."
EECS 101 Piazza: Student with 4.0 GPA asks "Advice for CS70 second time around?" Anant Sahai: "The math in CS70 is not some magic or esoterica. It is accessible to everyone, provided you train for it." Satish Rao: "I am a Dad for what its worth to kids roughly your age. So, I will give a Dad story."
Hey bears, could you please help a student out and complete this 2 minute survey!
CMU or Berkeley. Which school is better for studying CS?
BPD asked the community to help identify a prowler seen on video Sunday attempting to open car doors and entering the backyard of a home on 500 Spruce Street at 12:30am. He appears to be a light-skinned black man with a "thin goatee" who is 40-50 years old, 5 foot 8 to 5 foot 10, and 160-190 pounds.
Tim Martin: Berkeley and other universities have abandoned the principles of free expression and debate. They're churning out students incapable of applying reason or critical thinking to any issue. If it keeps up they'll find the doors of their schools locked. Stop higher indoctrination: Defund Cal
Mariah De Zuzuarregui: "As a Golden Bear, I weaved the threads of the prestige of UC Berkeley into the fabric of my identity. ... Today, I’m not wearing a red uniform with a Carl's Jr. emblem on the back. Instead, my education undressed me from my insecurities. I'm fully clothed in blue and gold."
Anything to do during break?
How serious is J.H. Tevis about his pledge to the Bears? He's already deleted his Twitter account, less than 24 hours after telling head coach Justin Wilcox. "I'm going to fully focus myself on the rest of high school, and on football, because a year from now, I'm going to be on that roster."
Daily Clog: 50 things we wish we knew as freshmen. "It's normal to be a virgin. Most of us were too busy in high school to have time for social interaction let alone sexual conquests. If you're not on UC Berkeley Memes For Edgy Teens, you don't even go to this school."
A beautiful thing
I only have a week to live! in Berkeley before I move. Can I have recommendations?
Preliminary ASUC budget for 2017-2018
BPD arrested "prolific Berkeley drug dealer" Anthony Beamon, 35, after finding him with guns, thousands in cash and substantial amounts of drugs for sale. Police say Beamon ran a "drug house." Beamon was arrested and charged with 10 felonies in 2015 also related to gun possession and drug sales.
Sarah Heo: "When we claim a constant state of victimhood, we use the past to shield ourselves from opportunities for growth. Enveloping ourselves in a self-imposed pity party has others tip-toeing around us, holding back from offering constructive criticism in fear of reopening our wounds."
Assistant Cal men's basketball coach Wyking Jones will be promoted to head coach, according to CBS Sports. Jones served as interim head coach following former head coach Cuonzo Martin's decision to leave Cal, and he was previously Louisville's assistant coach before joining the Bears in 2015.
Berkeley Police Department, UCPD and the California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control, or ABC, cracked down on alcohol-related offenses with a DUI and license checkpoint on Saint Patrick's Day, stopping a total of 847 vehicles and writing citations for various offenses. They made 64 arrests.
A Cal investigation found Nicholas Dirks violated UC ethics rules through obtaining a free campus fitness center membership, failing to pay for personal training sessions and using campus gym equipment in his private home. Allegations surfaced July 2016. He announced his resignation two months later
Pass/No Pass Decision
Help Me
Feeling Excluded by Minority Groups
Letter of Rec Procedure
The ASUC Judicial Council held a public hearing Thursday in which all members from the council unanimously denied Derek Topper's petition to run in ASUC elections after he did not meet the electronic filing form deadline and failed to notify the council that he lacked confirmation that he filed.
Daily Cal Archives. Sissel Hamre on March 26, 1962: President John F. Kennedy "told an audience of 88,000 in the Memorial Stadium, the largest crowd he has ever addressed": "Knowledge, not hate, is the pass-key to the future." Attendees included representatives of graduating classes from 1896–1961.
Hotel Durant's renovation plays up the Cal spirit in clever ways such as room keys that look like the student ID cards of famous alum, including Rube Goldberg and Gregory Peck, and rooms decorated with posters from The Graduate or artwork evoking alum like Edith Head and Marshawn "Beast Mode" Lynch.
The Presidential Actions app, developed by Berkeley sophomore Ash Bhat and his roommate Rohan Pai alerts users every time Trump signs an executive order or takes some other notable action.
Students from Berkeley College Republicans and Cal Berkeley Democrats defended free speech at a debate hosted by the Berkeley Political Review Wednesday, but they clashed on issues regarding how to practice it. BCR's Rudra Reddy: Professors have criticized him for speaking too dominatingly in class.
Please help!!! Pass/No Pass
Will I get accepted?
5 minute student survey! please participate! :)
Cloyne substance-free policy strictness?
BSN Deep Dive
Hi guys! If you have 5 minutes, please take this survey!!! :) Thank you!
Question about AP exam credit for L&amp;S
Famous Philosophy Professor Groped His Employee And Watched Porn In Front Of Her, Lawsuit Claims [Prof. Searle]
Cheapest way to get grad regalia?
EECS Social Hour with John DeNero notes (February 28, 2017): Discussing elitism. "The CS/EECS major being superior to other degrees is a symptom to society’s view on degrees. Rather than asking people to say year/major/name, why don’t we talk about pronouns to establish identity?"
How does on campus housing system work?
A reminder on the eve of ASUC elections, we never have federal officials disputing the elections.
Parking in a Nobel Laureate Parking Space
Haas Transfer Question
Sophomore forward Ivan Rabb, Cal men's basketball's biggest star, announced Wednesday he will forgo his remaining NCAA eligibility and instead opt to enter this year's NBA Draft. He surprised many his freshman year by not entering the draft with his then-teammates Jaylen Brown and Tyrone Wallace.
It is not easy to pay Bay Area rent on a teacher's salary, so some districts desperate to retain their staffs are figuring out how to provide housing themselves. On Wednesday BUSD will discuss the possibility of putting a bond measure on the 2018 ballot to build teacher housing in Berkeley.
Three people were arrested Sunday in Berkeley after an auto burglary call ultimately led police to recover a stash of pills, cash and a loaded assault pistol without a serial number. The arrested: Steven Manning, 35, of Oakland, Meredith Rains, 32, of Oakland, and Rakim Washington, 45, of Berkeley.
BPD received a report of assault Sunday. Two male victims—one student and one with an unknown affiliation—were walking near the Channing Circle when they were confronted by a group of 8-10 Black males about midnight. Three or four of the suspects began punching the two victims "without provocation."
Assembly Bill 1356 would make California public colleges tuition-free for in-state students. It'd enforce a 1% tax on households making $1 million or higher. Cal freshman Yusheng Xia: It would not have a positive impact because it may result in students putting less effort into their education.
150 Cal students attended the First-Generation Career Conference for students who are the first in their families to attend college. They interacted with alum who were the first college graduates in their families and represent companies like Google, IBM, Microsoft, Amazon, General Electric and Yelp
Is the deadline to change to Pass/NoPass at midnight on Friday?
Questions about the Greek Theater
Has anyone successfully obtained over-the-counter birth control?
Hey r/berkeley, ASUC SUPERB is putting on a FREE screening of La La Land this Friday!
I have some community college credit that Assist says are transferable. Do those classes affect my Berkeley GPA?
I have some community college credit that Assist says are transferable. Do those classes affect my Berkeley GPA?
Hey r/berkeley, ASUC SUPERB is putting on a FREE screening of La La Land this Friday!!
Just saw the new Chancellor, Carol Christ, walking on Sproul Plaza earlier today. I have never seen Dirks walking on campus in the past 3-4 years.
First incoming Freshman question..... Best Service Providers?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: My decision to get an IUD was spur of the moment. I'd called Kaiser to see if they had any appointments…after having my partner come in me for the first time in a long while, we thanked Skyla as we held each other and I reveled in the feeling of his seed in me
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Each year, many candidates running for ASUC senate slide by with half-assed ideas. This time, they won't. While many candidates will complain we did not reach out, they fail to recognize we are critiquing their platforms. We fact-checked these platforms within an hour.
Aaron Meredith, 19, already in custody, is facing new charges for two shootings in December. Meredith was arrested in Berkeley in 2015 after a group attack that left Sultan Bey, 18, in critical condition. No charges were filed. Bey, who dreamed of becoming a computer engineer, was killed this month.
Fannie Lou Hamer Black Resource Center is "open to any person of African descent". African American studies professor Nikki Jones said one way to understand campus climate is what Yale professor Elijah Anderson described as "white space," or a public space predominantly occupied by white individuals
Local health officials Monday confirmed a single case of meningococcal meningitis in a UC Berkeley student who "is now recovering well". The cause was meningococcus group B, a strain not covered by the meningitis vaccine required for incoming UC Berkeley students.
LBRY public sharing platform based in Alexandria, Egypt, uploads 20,000 deleted UC Berkeley lectures. In response to LBRY's actions, Cal spokesperson Roqua Montez said Cal became aware the content was being scraped and reposted only after the fact and that they are currently assessing the situation.
What does getting a Haas interview "mean"?
Best Foot to Get at Late Night?
Brace yourselves!
Millennials In Crisis: Myth Busting Millennial Debt Narratives | Lunch Talk 22 March @ noon.
Anyone know of a drum kit/set on campus that can be played?
BSC tends to attract the free spirits and nonconformists at a university famous for both. Within the co-ops’ wildly painted walls grow all manner of eccentrics and visionaries.
There is now a petition to give Nancy Barker, the deaf visiting scholar, the accommodations she is asking for
HELP: How do I access my unofficial transcript as an alumni
EECS admit percentage?
Is UC Berkeley dangerous?
Berkeley ARG -- New Chickens?
Help UC Berkeley scientists sequence the genome of the bombardier beetle, an amazing chemical weapons artist!
Paid Summer Internship for L'Oreal open to Psych, Chem E, and Computer science majors
Berkeley Student AMA
Why Berkeley has so much property crime
EECS 101 Piazza. Student: "Why do L&amp;S CS majors have to take EE16A?" Anant Sahai: "16AB were designed to be fundamental to the needs of all of our students in preparation for a 40-year career going forward, and L&amp;S CS students in particular." "EECS has two pillars: information and computation."
After a report by Berkeley's Policy Advocacy Clinic highlighted drawbacks of juvenile detention fees—counties can charge parents for their children's incarceration, legal aid, and monitoring—Alameda, Contra Costa, and Santa Clara counties eliminated the fees. But 80% of counties still charge them.
Rudra Reddy: "I agreed with the Republican Party's principle and appreciated the fact they were fighting an enemy I had come to despise through my own experiences. … Despite what my comments section says, I'm not a fascist. If I really wanted to be a fascist, I would have remained a liberal."
4 female Berkeley College Republicans led an open forum on feminism Thursday. Members shared statistics about the wage gap and said the issue was misrepresented in the media because they don't account for other factors, such as maternity leave, job preference, job tenure and hours worked per week.
Arturo Fernandez, 26, an undocumented doctoral student at Berkeley, leads the grass-roots group Pittsburg Sanctuary Organizing Committee, which aims to petition Pittsburg's City Council to adopt a policy of not cooperating with federal government's attempts to deport or investigate the undocumented.
Berkeley admit question about CS class enrollment at Cal.
Seaweed Wildtending Adventure, April 28-30, Mendocino Coast, Identify, harvest, process + stewardship = Sea vegetables the original omega-3!
[Game Thread] (1) Baylor vs (9) Cal (6 PM PT on ESPN2) • r/NCAAW
Sounds like this should be illegal - Berkeley racists hold exclusionary events
Bear Battle Trivia TOMORROW NIGHT @ The Bear's Lair, 7pm. You're all invited!!
"Sometimes the average opinion of a bunch of idiots is better than the opinion of one expert"
Maz Jobrani, an Iranian American standup comic, actor and UC Berkeley alumnus, will deliver the 2017 Commencement Address
Looking for mobile and web developers
Bailey O'Mara: "My home is killing me…literally! This is unfortunately the case for many families all over Oakland who are exposed to problems in their living conditions posing harmful health effects. At the end of 2016 the average cost of a one-bedroom apartment in Oakland was around $2,356/month"
Slow acoustic music plays out of a small speaker as Cal junior Maithy Nguyen sits at her desk getting lost in the soothing sound of her colored pencil moving back and forth across the page for an hour. Coloring acts as a way to de-stress from the busy life she and most UC Berkeley students lead.
Cal senior and Public Health major Rachel Chung is food insecure. From a low-income family, she pays for her own education and works 15 to 20 hours a week at her work study job. UC Berkeley Food Pantry provides help. Food is purchased through Cal Dining's food distributor, United Natural Foods, Inc.
David Choi, a first-generation immigrant: A lot of people here assume I come here and I want to get this huge high-paying salary job and work in Silicon Valley. I study math and people are like oh man that's where the money is. My thought is, no, that's where I can help people. I want to teach math.
SQUELCH! announced Sunday its satirical ASUC presidential candidate, Ghost, who is running a spirited campaign on improving campus buildings, expanding student housing and increasing transparency in the ASUC. Ghost was endorsed by last year's satirical presidential candidate, Kira the Husky.
A male juvenile fell over a railing into the Strawberry Creek bank at Cal Sunday at 12:25pm. The juvenile was transported to a local children's hospital to treat his injuries. To onlooker Connor Carroll, a UC Berkeley freshman, the bridge over Strawberry Creek is a hazard to safety by its design.
LIVE HIP-HOP TELEVISION SHOW in BERKELEY!
Berkeley Is the First City to Divest From Companies Working on Trump's Border Wall
Is taking ~5 units P/NP each semester something that looks bad on a transcript (~general business type jobs~)?
Failed Math 1A, am I doomed?
I need a Berkeley student to do me a huge favor
Students Posing As Maintenance Workers (Allegedly) Take Over Soda Lab 277
Can you chance an EECS transfer?
EECS 101 Piazza instructor: "We have been concerned by some of the recent trolling on this website. … Bullying and harassing will not be tolerated. Hostile or concerning behavior may also be a sign that a student is in need of help." EECS is committed to maintaining a safe and welcoming environment.
Derek Topper's independent candidacy for ASUC Senate. He wants to address rising GPA caps and to lower admissions standards. He cited the 3.3 GPA cap for the computer science major and decreased admissions to Haas and said the limitations largely affect underprivileged students like those with jobs.
Karla Popovic hails from the small town of Zabok, Croatia, which has a population of less than 10,000. She fell in love with tennis the first moment she picked up a racket as an 8-year-old — late by Croatian standards. ITA poll: She is now ranked ninth in the nation, the highest she has ever ranked.
Newly appointed chancellor Carol Christ meets with staff and faculty. Under instruction by Napolitano to keep the news secret until Monday, Christ said that she did not even tell her kids until the nomination was officially announced. Christ was told two weeks ago. She will begin her tenure July 1.
Dandre Chandler Lee Young, 25, a Berkeley man, was arrested in Solano County in connection with an attempted bank robbery last month in Marin County, police said Thursday. He is being held at the Marin County Jail in lieu of $250,000 bail.
Cal Women's Basketball beats LSU 55-52, advances to face Baylor in Round of 32
Showing the campus around to students from my old high-school: are most buildings around campus open on weekends?
Empty and Quiet Study Spots
Incoming grad student looking for housing options
Pre-Collegiate: 61a vs 61b?
Pre-Collegiate: 61a vs 61b?
So, how's it going with tracking down and arresting those rioters?
Where did the homeless encampment under Gilman overpass go?
Discord
I was thinking we could keep our @Berkeley.edu email?
I plan to study CS/Math in L&amp;S this fall. After I graduate, I really want get into Cal's MFE program. Will attending Cal as an undergrad help or hurt me in my endeavors?
In the past year-and-a-half, 34 groups and artists in Oakland and Berkeley were granted over $1.2 million in funding from the National Endowment for the Arts. The Trump administration Wednesday revealed a proposed budget that'd reduce NEA funding to zero. NEA had requested a budget of $150 million.
Sarah Heo: "The day of my half-sister's promotion from eighth grade, she was beaten on her legs until she couldn't sit on the wooden dining chairs for the rest of the summer." "Being beaten by your parents and grandparents has become a sort a twisted joke in the Asian American community."
The Undergraduate Student Workers Union held a speak-out about the concerns of Cal Dining employees, including food insecurity, wage theft and harassment. Jed Bruni, a junior who works at Crossroads: Although many workers struggle to eat, Cal Dining composts a significant amount of food every night.
The new Pirate Party was triggered to run after two ASUC senators implied if their club endorsed them, they would "write things in (their) favor." It's composed of ASUC Senate candidates and founders of cryptography club Blockchain at Berkeley, Sunny Aggarwal, Jonathan Allen and Alexandra Tran.
Cal Quidditch just learned they've made it into national tournament. The team is forging new traditions. Co-Captain Connor Hughes: "We're playing Stanford at the Big Sweep, which echoes the Big Game." It's a sport played with magic in the world of Harry Potter, a combination of rugby and dodgeball.
Didn't receive housing offer in 1st round?
Is L&amp;S CS as difficult to get into as EECS this year?
#endstpatricksday
Free parking on weekend
Sad but funny none the less. Cal stars in the background so the post. Trigger Warning-Mocks SJWs
Can we quit it with the "Drumpf" memes?
A bear greeting us at Pinecrest Chalet
berkeley the insane fucking shithole? #March4Trump Madness
New system/app tries to mirror the school's former webcast lectures.... seems like a cross between torrenting/Dtella and cryptocurrency?
Vikram Muller on men's basketball coach Cuonza Martin's resignation: "Postgame, he responded to a question about which foot of Rabb's was injured, 'I'm not sure. Off the top of my head, probably both of them, but I'm not sure.' Despicable. Shameful. At least continue the facade to respect the fans."
The car crash that killed bicyclist Joseph Hurlimann, 78, who had three degrees from Cal, was caused by neither speed nor impairment but by "poor lighting, rain, and a wet roadway". A memorial service took place last week. Numerous people who have known him for decades: he had no close relatives.
Members of the East Bay Amateur Radio Club and UC Berkeley's radio club are teaming up to launch a high-altitude balloon from Memorial Glade to near-space at 10am March 18, and they are inviting the public to come track its journey. They will chase after it in their cars.
A tent-cabin village and a pet-friendly shelter are both included in an elaborate new proposal to address the growing homeless population in Berkeley. Mayor Jesse Arreguín and Councilwoman Sophie Hahn unveiled the proposal, set to go before the council on April 4, at a press conference Thursday.
Karina Pauletti, who posts on Cal's meme page: "Spineless people need that veil of anonymity when they disrespect someone online. … I confronted one of these jokers on campus for saying derogatory things to my friend. Flustered, he ran away without looking anyone in the eye."
Local bars?
Cal Must Remember What Matters Most When Hiring The Next Coach - Letter from two Cal Basketball Alumni
Berkeley Is First City in America to Divest From Companies that Work on Trump's Border Wall
DUI/Driver's License Checkpoint Scheduled for St. Patrick's Day from Berkeley Police Department : Nixle
When will we receive our on campus housing offers?
Why UC Berkeley is restricting access to thousands of online lecture videos
Louis Lee: "Last week's column was unnecessarily verbose at times, and although I paid attention to editing each specific paragraph, I didn't look enough at how it read as a whole. Looking at each paragraph as its own thing caused me to write without [considering] the paragraphs that came before."
District 2 Councilmember Cheryl Davila won with 51% to become the first City Council candidate to beat out an incumbent since 1996. She introduced her first council agenda item, which opposes ethnic and religious registries and restricts city resources from being used for federal registries.
Kevin O'Neill, a Cal math graduate student: "I hate to see any changes to the town I grew up in, but I will take high-rise apartment after high-rise apartment if it means we all still get to live here." Median price of a single-family home in Berkeley: $256,500 in 1990 to over $1 million today.
Daily Cal Archives. Jai Singh on March 16, 1964: Freshman Peter Riesenfeld accidentally makes explosives at home. He poured the results of vapor phase nitration with benzen into a flask that had been filled with glycerin a few days before forming over 50cc of nitroglycerin. Four homes were evacuated
The city of Berkeley has declared March 14 Marian Diamond Day in honor of Integrative biology professor emerita Marian Diamond, a renowned neuroscientist with a nearly life-long connection to UC Berkeley. Professor Diamond, now 90, was the first woman to earn a Berkeley Ph.D. in anatomy.
Transferring credit from non-CA community college
Possible Gunman in Elmwood
As a senior who has been admitted to Cal, am I allowed to take summer classes at Community College?
Berkeley Serial Package Thief Arrested
Open Mics
Last night was the annual Chaharshanbeh Souri celebration on Durant (the Persian festival of fire, celebrated before the Persian new year)
Cal Basketball Coach Cuonzo Martin has resigned; plans to sign contract to coach University of Missouri's Basketball Team
Hiring People to Take Tests For You
Cal ranks #1 in a slew of subjects in new QS 2017 Subject Rankings.
Bike stolen from inside apartment's bike cage. Chances of recovery?
Master of Financial Engineering (MFE) Program at Haas: prospective student here. Are you an alumnus? What was your experience?
We made a site to help students find housing during internships. Let us know what you think!
We made a site to help students find housing during internships. Let us know what you think!
questions about rent
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: Big Pussy. My boyfriend asked if I could squeeze tighter when he penetrated me. I squeezed as hard as I could but he told me it wasn't nearly as tight as the girl he dated in college. My obsession with asking my partner how I feel while being fucked made sense
Kate Harrison will be sworn in as Berkeley's newest City Council member Wednesday at 3 p.m. at City Hall, further cementing the city’s new progressive majority. Harrison, 58, handily beat Ben Gould, 25, a Cal grad student, who had run for mayor in 2016, by capturing 62% of the vote. Gould got 38%.
BART's former spokesman, Michael Healy, authored new the book BART: The Dramatic History of the Bay Area Rapid Transit System, which tells of the fight to eventually assure BART would run under Berkeley's streets. The fight was led by Berkeley's new mayor Wallace Johnson, a Republican, in 1963.
Sultan Bey, 18, a young man with deep Berkeley ties, bound for college with dreams of becoming a computer engineer, was killed over the weekend during a shooting in North Oakland. Bey’s mother, Aminah Robinson (Chef Mimi) said her son was killed just 45 minutes after having dinner with her Saturday.
Cal's recent decision to restrict public access to free online educational content raised questions about whether other colleges and universities will do the same to avoid legal action. Institutions asked say they will not follow in Cal's footsteps and delete publicly available educational content.
CS61C, CS70 concurrent enrollees to have back-to-back midterms
Anyone have experience getting transfer credits reviewed from community colleges outside CA?
Any other nerds interested in joining a small online book discussion group focused broadly on social science/history topics?
What did the former ASUC senator say to the EECS major?
Coed rooms in the co-ops over summer?
EECS MASTERRACE SPOTTED IN THE WILD
UC Berkeley ponders People’s Park for housing in controversial move
wallet stolen at RSF from basketball court, best steps to get it back?
Looking for insight about history/public policy
EECS 101 Piazza instructor: "Some people are using the anonymity of Piazza to make this a hostile place. This is not acceptable. Piazza is intended to be a supportive and welcoming community. Beginning today, if you wish to use piazza, you will be required to use your @berkeley.edu email address."
The CHP: 106 people committed criminal acts in June's Sacramento rally that turned violent. Whether anyone will face charges is now under consideration. BUSD middle school teacher and By Any Means Necessary's Yvette Felarca was caught on video hitting someone at the rally while calling him a Nazi.
Cal men's basketball head coach Cuonzo Martin has been widely recommended for an open head coaching position at Illinois, and during an interview Sunday about the Bears' upcoming play in the NIT, he did not refute rumors that there is mutual interest between him and the Fighting Illini.
Nancy Barker, a deaf Canadian visiting student researcher at Cal, is alleging she was denied interpreting services by Disabled Students' Program, or DSP. She came to obtain skills to complete her doctoral dissertation. When she arrived she was told that DSP was not prepared to accommodate her needs.
Cafe Durant, located at 2517 Durant Ave., faces possible investigation by the California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control, or ABC. On Friday, ABC agents allegedly caught a group of 10 minors consuming alcoholic beverages at Cafe Durant with fake IDs.
Commuting to campus from Palo Alto... don't want to spend money on summer housing.
New Sequoia Apartments
New Sequoia Appts
What's the deal with subleasing in Berkeley?
Cal Women's Basketball makes the Dance as a 9th Seed
Interim-EVCP Carol Christ will be UC Berkeley's next chancellor
BPD asked for help to find Koichi Kawakami, an at-risk 82-year-old man, missing since 2:30pm Sunday, who suffers from dementia and memory loss and may be wearing a gray T-shirt, Khaki pants and black shoes. He is 5 ft. 5 inches and 180 pounds. He went missing in August but BPD were able to find him.
Rudra Reddy: The real enemies of feminism. "The fight for women's equality has significant hurdles ahead, and we need a unified, bipartisan front to confront them. Close to 90 women will be raped in India today alone, and it will be interesting to see if the American feminist stands up for them."
Asian privilege
Daily Cal's "Hard and Soft" podcast: "Sex, for many of us, is scary. But sex for people with anxiety? Absolutely terrifying. A chat with Alyssa Liu, a meme-lovin', shit-posting third-year student and ASUC Senator at UC Berkeley, as they talk about combating anxiety in the streets and in the sheets."
Antifa, an anti-fascist group that used the black bloc tactic during the Milo protest, is now the subject of a petition by Spanish resident Fiona Quintero to declare it a terrorist organization. Its goal is 75,000 signatures and asks that Trump formally declare Antifa a domestic terror organization.
Patricia Serpa: Female UC Berkeley engineering students recount subtle discrimination. Senior Becca Milman's five male coworkers each received a lab coat and were included on an email listserv, but she was not. When she arrived or left, Milman said, no one would greet her or say goodbye.
Nelly Lin: The dystopian outcome of the suburban utopia. "Living in Berkeley and working in Livermore, I have never felt more encumbered in my life. Without a license to drive, I have to rely on the BART, which arrives approximately every 15 minutes."
Marlena Trafas: New Bridge Foundation is a nonprofit rehabilitation center that offers chemical dependency and mental health treatment to adults recovering from addiction. For 40 years, they've helped clients find employment at a myriad of Berkeley businesses, from Shattuck Hotel to Phil's Sliders.
Fall-only housing help!!
When Equal Access Means Zero Access for All | Brittany Hunter
Cal #1 seed in NIT
Cal fails to secure on NCAA Tournament Bid
Brazil Cafe: That Small Shack On The Side Of The Road That's Managed To Survive This Long
"Twitch Plays Carillon" aka control the bells tonight!!
Come check out "Twitch Plays the Carillon"! Help play the bells in the Campanile!
EECS 101 Piazza: "I'm considering dropping out to support my family before we go homeless." A first-year EECS transfer is a full-time student also working two part-time jobs and the occasional freelance work, is from a very low-income family, and is the main source of income.
Barbara Boxer in her first major speaking event since retiring from the Senate discussed the 2016 election, Trump's presidency, her tenure and her future at the inaugural speech of the Barbara Boxer Lecture Series, which will occur annually at Cal. She says her retirement plans were upended by Trump
Stacy Nowak, a deaf Gallaudet University adjunct professor, looked at the Cal course Journalism for Social Change. She was displeased with the quality of the closed captioning the university provided on the course video. After an ADA complaint, Cal will pull all videos by Wednesday, March 15, 2017.
Local homeless activist Guy "Mike" Lee is filing two small claims lawsuits alleging that the city of Berkeley violated his constitutional rights during homeless encampment disbandments. Lee said his legal strategy is to file 15 separate federal lawsuits in the future.
Berkeleyside Nosh editor Kate Williams is leaving to return to Atlanta, so they are looking to hire a food writer/editor to oversee coverage of East Bay food scene. The Nosh writer will work as part of the 8-person strong Berkeleyside team based at the WeWork co-working offices in downtown Berkeley.
Anyone have experience renting from Premium Properties?
Best Place to Cut Asian Hair
Any place near campus to buy a backpack?
Summer research?
Have a D+ in one class. Still possible to declare Nutrition-Dietetics major?
#MiloAtCal Riots - Felarca - Delusion or Propaganda?
UC Berkeley ponders People’s Park for housing in controversial move
Feeling down. EVERYBODY IS BETTER THAN ME. It seems so hopeless
Natalie Orenstein this week joined Berkeleyside as a full-time reporter, bringing the total number of full-time reporting staff to two, in addition to the three journalist founders who all edit, report and write. Her addition is one of the first fruits of Berkeleyside's direct public offering.
Berkeleyside Editors: We published an op-ed from Cody Little that took strong issue with the approach City Council took to a housing project. The op-ed asserted that some of the actions were criminal. That was wrong and we should have caught and edited that out. Berkeleyside apologizes for the error
Sarah Heo: The neighborhood drug dealer. A black sports car sidled up. It stuck out like a sore thumb. Before I could even comment on it, the door clicked by my ear. My grandma had locked the door, and when I looked over, I knew why: The driver of the sports car was an African American man.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Campus must look into Cal Dining exploitation allegations. "The Undergraduate Workers Union has made history as the first independent union for undergraduate students. If it does not make some fundamental changes, however, it will soon become history."
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor spent Thursday at UC Berkeley, talking to law students and capping her day with an on-stage conversation with Interim Law Dean Melissa Murray in Zellerbach Hall. Murray clerked for the justice when she was a judge for the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals.
Cal Basketball falls to Oregon in the PAC12 SemiFinal
I'm Sorry
Anyone remember Peking Express on center st?
What is a funny STEM vs Humanities/Social Science moment you have experienced?
Secret to Indian success with women
Can you help identify the people picking fights at the Berkeley Trump Rally? They are dressed in black.
Hat/baseball cap store in Berkeley
Daily Cal Archives: December 4, 1964 issue: Police Arrest 800 Demonstrators; Faculty Support for FSM Protest. The Free Speech Movement called for a university-wide strike in response to Jerry Brown's father Edmund Brown's order for arrest of Sproul Hall demonstrators. About 280 women were arrested.
Karina Pauletti: A hotshot athlete at school said "Ew what’s that all over you face?" because she has cystic nodular acne covering her face. Years later, she found a medication that worked. "He asked for my number last year when I was working out at the gym in our hometown. I respectfully declined."
Cody Little, a Cal grad student and pro-housing activist: "With recent decisions, Mayor Jesse Arreguín and the majority of the City Council have demonstrated their commitment to a public process that consists of backroom deals, extortion, and disregard for the rule of law."
BPD is searching for a suspect who is wanted in connection with a sexual battery Feb. 20 at Berkeley City College at 2050 Center St. He had a number of encounters with UCPD in the past, including peeping. He is a 53, 5 feet 8 inches and 185 pounds. He has black hair and brown eyes.
Ritchie Lee, Daily Cal's editor in chief: "The Daily Cal needs to undergo an institutional transition after which every editor in chief will prioritize diversity with the same passion. … Within our office, we will implement a committee for staff who belong to underrepresented communities."
Cal's Undocumented Student Program is now accepting online applications for spring semester emergency grants of up to $500 to assist undocumented campus students who are unable to receive federal financial aid. The grants are funded by donors, sponsors and the UC Office of the President.
Housing
Cal Bears beat Utah in Pac-12 tournament. Advance to semi-finals against Oregon
Slideshow of yesterday's Unit 1 cop infestation
Questions about Math 54 (Visiting student)
music 29 question?
UC 'Principles Against Intolerance' need to be implemented
Berkeley's Violence | Who's Allowing It and Why?
How likely is it that I can get a spot in Wolf
How hard is Math 110?
Summer Courses after You Graduate
Angel Juarez school stabbing: Alameda County sheriff said it cannot readily release booking photos for Berkeley cases because of issues raised by BPD investigators. BPD: releasing booking photos can jeopardize cases. Other agencies release booking photographs with much more frequency than Berkeley.
Berkeley Police have identified six people involved in fights between protesters and counter-protesters in Berkeley on March 4, and are asking the community for help identifying them. The demonstration saw Trump supporters face off against counter-protesters led by By Any Means Necessary (BAMN).
Joan Blades, MoveOn.org cofounder: Why I've left my liberal comfort zone—and found conservative friends. In progressive areas like my hometown Berkeley, conservatives keep a low profile. It grieves me so many feel revealing their political leanings would be dangerous and their fears are reasonable.
Louis Lee on STEM and humanities majors' perceptions for each other: "Professors teaching classes in Dwinelle treat education happening at Soda as something completely different…far too often I've seen people at Foothill roll their eyes at a 'bullshit paper' or crack jokes about humanities majors."
Patrick Chang, a UC Berkeley graduate with a BA in sociology, struggled to obtain his degree when he graduated last semester. Chang said his employers required a form to prove he had graduated from university, but he was unable to complete their request because he did not yet have his diploma.
I more lost with housing right now than I was the first time Oski's eyes and mine locked. Please Help
Berkeley Co-Ops: help figuring out if I will get a spot in a co-op
Which co-ops are the best to live in during the summer?
Which co-ops are the best to live in during the summer session?
Unit 1 Under Lockdown
California beats Oregon State 67 - 62 Post-Game Thread
Does anyone here have experience with appealing to the Economics Department for admittance to the major?
‘Intervention risks escalation’: Berkeley police explain approach to March 4 demonstration. Robert Clawson thought the police should have come down more strongly on the counter-protesters who attacked Trump supporters: "Do your job Berkeley police. You cannot pick and choose who you protect."
Early results indicate Kate Harrison is leading the Berkeley City Council special election with about 64% of the vote, suggesting that she will likely win the District 4 council seat. Her election would mark the addition of another candidate with aggressive progressive policies to the council.
Cassie King, a member of Cal animal advocacy group Berkeley Organization for Animal Advocacy: Open rescue is a quietly radical act of illegally entering farms. She joined a rescue: "I'd grown up hearing stories of people disobeying unjust laws as heroic. I never thought I would do it myself."
Ryan Murphy's transformation into 3-time gold medalist. "Boom, crash, pow! These are the sound effects that accompany the movies Cal swimmer Ryan Murphy likes to view when he finds free time between the two major undertakings in his life — UC Berkeley’s Haas School of Business and swimming."
Berkeley police are calling off the search for a suspected auto burglar authorities say tried to run down a Richmond police officer with his car early Tuesday morning in that city. Authorities describe the man as black, in his 20s or 30s, and wearing a dark-colored hooded sweatshirt.
Downtown / Southside Serial Package Thief
Berkeley Student Arrested After Destroying College Republican Signs
Sign this petition to get antifa classified as a terrorist organization in the US.
Berkeley Law School fell from top 8 to 12.
Linguistics of Game of Thrones &amp; Art of Language Invention class this summer. Taught by Cal alum &amp; father of Dothraki
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons found "no one sexually appealing" in a small high school. "So I continued to touch myself whenever I could and braced for the sweet release of college. I was intending on making up for lost time by hooking up with as many people as possible upon arrival."
Six months ago, the U.S. Department of Justice found that educational videos posted online by UC Berkeley did not meet the standards of the Americans with Disabilities Act. The campus estimated the total cost of adding captions to its videos at $1 million.
Sophie Hahn is now a District 5 Berkeley City Council member. But she’s also a mother, a former lawyer, a whistleblower and an activist. In every aspect of her life, Hahn has tried to foster community and promote justice.
If the highest-numbered table at the wedding reception, composed of the least important people there, were to disappear, would anyone notice? “Table 19” takes that question and subverts it: if that table disappeared, what would its non-VIPs do together?
California remains one of the most earthquake-prone regions in the United States, according to a 2017 U.S. Geological Survey, or USGS, forecast that shows the impact of both induced and natural earthquakes.
I just want to say thank you to all who helped make the pro trump rally a major success
Rudra Reddy: Message to snowflakes: It is in your best interest to grow up. The world outside Berkeley is hardly a safe space, and it'll have a very low tolerance for your immaturity. If arguments alone can pierce your skin, you'll have a tough time dodging poniards the real world will throw at you.
Faced with a $150 million budget deficit, Cal administrators were grappling last year with how to break the news about need for major spending and staffing cuts. The solution? Officials bypassed its own communications staff and approved spending $419,400 to hire an outside public relations agency.
Student Action's Allyn Benintendi and Rachel Schuster: An article announcing ASUC Senate slate posted entire day before candidates were to announce. "This was a blatant violation of our trust and a flagrant mishandling of sensitive information on the part of the Daily Cal's staff and its editors."
Cal civil and environmental engineering professor emeritus James Hunt, 66, died after a brief illness. Upon his retirement in 2013, he gave a seminar to a standing room-only crowd. His graduate students wore customized shirts with either a black and white photo of Hunt or one of his famous sayings.
Cal Dining undergrad student employees held a walkout and protest Monday on Mario Savio Steps, protesting their wages and working conditions. It debuted the Undergraduate Workers Union. All student staff (30-40) at Crossroads Dining Hall walked out during lunch hours in the middle of their shifts.
How to take food out of ihouse dining hall?
L&amp;S CS GPA requirement going up to 3.5?
Accessing attachments in Bcourse inbox?
UC Berkeley has discontinued its religious studies program. Damian Lanahan-Kalish feels a big reason for the decline in student enrollment in religious studies is students go to college to find a clear career path and in the Bay Area, these careers are often in the tech industry, not in religion.
ACTION: Take our survey and help some grad students out!
Webcasts...
Real witch caught on camera at "March 4 Trump" in Berkeley
Buzzfeed's Jessica Testa on murder suspect Pablo Gomez: A Murder in Berkeley Gave the Far Rights Its Perfect Perp. "It was Gomez’s identities—activist, queer, person of color—that drove the outrage." Pronoun controversy: On Free &amp; For Sale, Berkeleyside's Emilie Raguso was banned and posts deleted.
Daily Cal Archives: Nancy Tolbert on March 9, 1964: Students' civil rights protests at Sheraton-Palace Hotel. "First they threw us in the wagons. When we got to the jail they stuck us in cells. Then the matron—God, what a bitch—frisked us. She ran her fingers up and down our bodies several times."
Each year, freshman find it a daunting task to search for more housing — given that a majority of them have never had to do it before. As part of a new project, The Daily Cal went out to find a few of these freshmen and plans to follow them and their housing journey for the next few years.
After 10 years of persuading the UC Board of Regents and one year of reconstruction, Bowles Hall held its grand reopening Sept. 23, 2016. In addition to the three live-in faculty and four resident advisers, Bowles is now co-ed with a variety of freshmen, sophomores, juniors and seniors.
Ritchie Lee, Daily Cal's editor in chief: Apology for incorrect photo published. "The photo inaccurately depicted UCLA professor of medicine Tomas Ganz when it should have depicted Eric Gans, a UCLA professor emeritus found by a Title IX investigation to have violated UC sexual misconduct policy."
Violent Trump supporters at the "March 4 Trump" in Berkeley
To my friends in California, letter to the editor on this weekend
Berkeley: 1964 vs 2017
CS61B - Anyone else stuck with a partner who hasn't done anything?
BPD is asking for the community's help in locating a missing person at risk: Ingrid Contreras, age 81, white, 5'7, 160lbs, and suffers from dementia. She may be wearing a gray shirt top, a green sweater with flowery embroidery, and gray pants. She was last seen in the 2600 Virginia St, early 3/5/17.
Hiking around Lawrence Berkeley Lab
Pro-Trump rally in Berkeley turns violent as protesters clash with the president’s supporters
Question about Econ PhD funding
Trump Supporter Brings Gun (Case) to the Proud Boys vs. Antifa fight on Saturday
To The Three Fat Asian Cunts Sitting Behind Me During "GET OUT" Yesterday Who Kept Talking Loudly Then Accused Me Of White Privilege When I Asked You To Stop
Berkeley Antifa throwing eggs at Trump supporter holding up "House the Homeless" sign
Hundreds gather for pro-Trump rally that results in at least 10 arrests
"A collection of anonymous stories sent in by UC Berkeley students about the horrifying experiences they've had when interacting with the animals who attend this university." "My two roommates created a separate group chat with their SOs and friends to talk shit about me and my other roommate."
People's Park is maintained by Cal's facilities services department. Trash is picked up daily by the staff, and the restrooms are serviced and pressure-washed once a week by custodians and groundskeepers, respectively. Several park advocates have alleged that the park's daily upkeep is inadequate.
Bancroft Residence Hall to help alleviate student housing crisis: The building at 2400 Bancroft Way was once an old, ivy-covered, two-story building that blended in with surrounding shops, cafes and restaurants — that is, before it became a pit of dirt filled with construction equipment.
Cal junior Taylor Harvey was rejected from 24 of 28 universities, including Cal, but got into Cal with a full ride on appeal. She has been employed since age 13 and became homeless at 16 after her mother failed to send the rent. She co-founded the Homeless Student Union to fight housing insecurity.
Andrea Platten: "I had tried to pout my way out of renting illegally from a complete stranger, who turned out to be merciless. If I had proceeded with caution, maybe I would have signed a legitimate contract sooner. Maybe I wouldn’t have lost my money. Maybe I never would have lived with fleas."
New community guidelines and report options. These rules are in addition to reddit-wide rules, which always apply.
Berkeley College Republicans Face Violence, Harassment Following Milo Yiannopoulos Riots.
How to find a off campus apartment
Pro-Trump vs. Anti-Trump protestors clash - archived Periscope stream
Downtown Berkeley protest has ended; police made 10 arrests. (Contains timeline and lots of pictures.)
Ten Arrested as Pro-And-Anti Trump Protesters Clash in Berkeley. The demonstration turned violent. Injuries reported. Downtown BART station was closed for an hour.
Ruining legacy one day at a time
Elderly Pro-Trump supporter pepper-sprayed at March 4 Trump rally in Berkeley
Scattered fist fights break out at pro-Trump rally in Berkeley
[EECS Webcasts] Add your webcasts here to this google doc - before they're deleted!
Any good places to go mushroom hunting near Berkeley?
Counter Racist Pro-Trump Rally Saturday March 4 at Noon
EECS 101: Make all EECS webcasts available ASAP.
EECS 101 Piazza: Student asks "What is the ultimate goal of our CS classes?" Anant Sahai: "A Bachelor's degree is meant to prepare you for being an apprentice --- to learn productively from masters who are working in the field. … we are teaching you with the time-scale of decades in our mind."
Found Cat - very North Oakland
Sarah Heo: "For me, being poor has been a few days of darkness when the paycheck arrives after the electricity bill is due. It was dog fights next door and gunshots at night; an empty stomach in the mornings and an empty gas tank; angry hands gripping overdue bills and tears and slammed doors."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "By allowing one-third of the employees found in violation of policy to remain employed—and on campus, often in close proximity to people they have allegedly harassed and assaulted—the university has been complicit in a hostile working and learning environment systemwide."
Cal alum Yingzhe Fu: Immigrants crucial to California economy. "Although I was born in China, the American dream always inspired my path toward attending colleges in the US. I obtained both a bachelor's and master's degree at UC Berkeley and went on to found my start-up company in Silicon Valley."
UC Santa Cruz alumna Luz Portillo first heard about the release of 113 UC sexual misconduct documents on her Facebook feed. One of the cases was her own. Portillo saw in a news clip the face of Hector Perl, the man who was found by a UC Santa Cruz Title IX investigation to have raped her.
The New York-based Korean fried chicken chain Bonchon is headed to at 2050 Berkeley Way. It will join an abundant field of Korean and fusion restaurants serving similar fried chicken. Kate Williams: "I'd so much have rather seen a locally-owned business move in."
What's the funniest thing you've seen a professor and/or GSI do?
High School senior here and college admissions results are coming out soon
‘March 4 Trump’ planned for Saturday in Berkeley, counter protests expected
Visiting in June for a concert. Where should I stay? Where should I eat? What do you insiders know
Arrest made in vandalism of GOP student group sign at UC Berkeley
Computational Power in Berkeley
Daily Cal database detailing all 124 recently released cases of sexual misconduct violations UC systemwide from January 2013 - April 2016
UC Berkeley admit
An unnamed Cal student was arrested for destroying a Trump yard sign on campus from Berkeley College Republicans. The student on Facebook: "I almost became a hashtag because UC Berkeley protects racist organizations." Detectives have a lead on a separate vandalism case recorded by BCR's Tom Johnston
Cal alum Kevin Chou, an alum and founding CEO of Kabam, says his undergrad experience at Haas transformed his life. Chou and his wife, Dr. Connie Chen, have given $25 million. It is the largest personal gift to Cal by an alum under 40. Haas will name its brand new building Connie &amp; Kevin Chou Hall.
UC Berkeley YouTube content will be moved to a new channel accessible only to Cal affiliates. Access to iTunesU content will be completely restricted, effective March 15. This follows a DOJ investigation concluding many video captions didn't meet standards of Americans with Disabilities Act.
Karina Pauletti was bullied at age 16. Her mother was diagnosed with stage IV ovarian cancer. "I desperately wanted to keep this a secret. These kids thought they knew what was happening. Some said she was terminal; others said the trial was entirely fabricated so I could get into UC Berkeley."
The ASUC is holding a "Time of the Month Drive" menstrual product drive to collect pads, tampons and diapers to distribute to those in need in the Berkeley community. ASUC Senator Miranda Hernandez organized a 5-day drive, lasting from Monday to Friday.
Screenshots of drama in ECON 1 piazza as the midterm is handed out late and miscommunicated
So I missed the deadline for housing applications for Spring and Fall. Survival strategies?
Missed the housing application deadline for fall/ spring. Survival strategies?
Drama in Econ 1 as an 8:10-9am midterm begins at 8:15, with some students not getting booklets until much later
BPD is asking for assistance in locating runaway juvenile Luciana Castle 17, of Berkeley. She was last seen on 2/16/17 and last spoke with her family by phone on 2/18/17. Castle is a white female, brown hair (as seen here), brown eyes, 5’6”, 125 lbs and is known to frequent Richmond, and Oakland.
Anybody looking to find someone to sublet (take over your lease) for the summer?
Some of y'all might get a little mileage out of this site
Bracing For March 4th in Berkeley
What is it like to study cognitive science in UC Berkeley?
A thought on co-ops at Cal
Help me with my senior thesis and take this survey on Reddit and Tumblr?
How many units of summer classes are manageable?
Patelco Community Credit Union will celebrate the grand reopening March 9 of its Berkeley branch at 2033 Shattuck Ave. between University and Addison. It was destroyed in November 2015 after a fire at the restaurant next door, Mandarin Garden. Mayor Jesse Arreguin will make a brief appearance.
Kamau Berlin, 21, entered no contest pleas for second-degree murder and carjacking of Nancy McClellan, 72. He had pulled McClellan's pants down, said Berkeley homicide Sgt. Peter Hong. He was a student at Berkeley Technology Academy, BUSD's lone continuation high school, at the time of his arrest.
Kamau Berlin, 21, entered no contest pleas in connection with second-degree murder and carjacking of Nancy McClellan, 72. He has been in custody since his arrest Sept. 19, 2014. He was a student at Berkeley Technology Academy, BUSD's lone continuation high school, at the time of his arrest.
Cal grad Eric Panzer, a volunteer as treasurer for Ben Gould's campaign: Kate Harrison makes false promises on housing affordability. Voters can't trust City Council candidate Harrison to deliver affordable housing because her approach is woefully unrealistic and ultimately hostile to new housing.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: City Council District 4 endorsement of Ben over Kate Harrison. At the end of the day, [Ben] Gould represents the future. He would go into office with well-thought-out fixes for the city’s biggest problems and would represent the concerns and priorities of the student body.
Guacamole 61, a Mexican restaurant in Gourmet Ghetto, secured a permit Thursday to open an additional location near Berkeley campus. Willy Perez, an owner, launched the restaurant to incorporate the Mexican street food he grew up eating in his Berkeley household into a restaurant environment.
Have a big computational project? Research infrastructure not good or accessible enough? Can't afford a good Xeon or 1080Ti? The OCF is planning on launching a HPC service, but we'd like to hear from you first before we do.
Degree date/enrollment verification
Berkeley College Republicans are being directly targeted by posters on campus
Watch a Liberal Bro Student Calmly Destroy the Berkeley College Republicans' Property
Lost history: Berkeley was America's first sanctuary city (story link in comments)
Sex on Tuesday columnist Kylie Sammons: How I suck at poly. "I've wanted to write this column since I started here three years ago.. From hookups at Burning Man's orgy dome to sugaring at a five-star hotel, here are my romances. … I'm on Tinder but it's only for the entertainment while I'm pooping."
Whole Foods is planning to open one of its 365 markets in Temescal for a new development being built at 5110 Telegraph Ave. (at 51st Street). The six-story development is set to have 204 apartments above 34,000 square feet of ground-floor retail space, including 28,000 square feet for the 365 store.
A week after the 75th anniversary of Executive Order 9066, in which President Franklin Roosevelt created military exclusion zones that forced Japanese Americans to report to detention camps, Berkeley historian Steve Finacom is asking that a former laundry operated by five families be landmarked.
Ted Edlin, who has lived in Berkeley for more than 50 years: Berkeley is a city without a plan for projected population growth. Berkeley is allowing the construction of many new buildings, but not planning how to cope with a 20,000 person increase in population.
Reiko Redmonde: "Shame on The Daily Californian for its article 'UCPD asks public for help with investigation for Yiannopoulos demonstration.'" "UC Berkeley students were right to shut down Milo Yiannopoulos."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: City Council District 4 endorsement. At the end of the day, Cal grad student Ben Gould represents the future. He would go into office with well-thought-out fixes for the city's biggest problems and would represent the concerns and priorities of the student body.
Bill Wallace, 69, a Cal alum and former staff writer for The Daily Californian, died Saturday in Berkeley. He was known for his investigative reporting at the San Francisco Chronicle, where he worked for more than 25 years. Wallace documented his journey against liver cancer on his Facebook profile.
J. Karl Hedrick, professor, passes away
Suspicious Email from Berkeley.edu
Bearfacts unofficial transcripts not up-to-date?
Can someone who studies cognitive science recommend good books/textbooks?
‘It’s rampant’: Documents reveal 113 UC employees violated sex misconduct policy in past 3 years
I've been internet-scammed by a UC Berkeley EECS student. What kind of corrective action can I take against this student? Is it appropriate to notify professors who would give recommendations for jobs?
Bare Bones Statistics/Data Science Courseload For Interest?
CS188 Fall 2012 Edited Video Lectures
Consequences of NP
How easy is it to find a 3bd apartment?
CS188 Fall 2012 edited videos
Looking for a roommate for summer session D!
MFW my conservative family asks me about Berkeley when I go home
ESPM 50ac grading
Berkeley High School's boys' soccer team captured its first North Coast Section championship in 13 years Saturday, defeating perennial powerhouse De La Salle in a shootout after a 1-1 deadlock through regular time and two overtimes. The winning goal in 4-3 shootout was scored by junior Paul Joseph.
Police arrested three Saturday night after spotting them at a West Berkeley storage facility with methamphetamine and stolen property, and interrupting a burglary. They arrested dog groomer Leah Pollack, 34, Antonia Samaguey, 46, and Gerardo Vega, 38. At Pollack’s residence, they found a gun.
Rudra Reddy writes the Monday column on resisting indoctrination: "If [Robert] Reich closed his eyes and tried to envision a hypocrite, a liar and a propagandist, he might hope to see President Trump. I think all he shall see is a mirror." Reich who blathers about income inequality made 284K in 2015
Dissecting Robert Reich
When Cal alum Judy Sakaki takes the helm as Sonoma State University's new president, she'll be the first Japanese American woman to lead an American 4-year university. Interview: She discusses her life as a single mother as well as the internment of her parents and grandparents during World War II.
Cal will add a new Relaxation Enhancing Study and Tranquility, or REST, zone to the RSF. While the RSF will not contain nap pods, it will include three new massage chairs outside of the Pro Shop. Each chair will cost $2,895. The RSF attracts more than 5,000 students per day.
Mayor Jesse Arreguín and Councilman Ben Bartlett promised to increase police staffing and revive a recently disbanded specialized crime suppression unit to address concerns after recent robberies in South Berkeley and Elmwood. One attendee: "In the 16 years I've lived here, this is unprecedented."
Here's a neat picture of Berkeley in 1940. Does anyone know where "Sather Gate Inn" in the picture would be located today?
Native American activist brings Standing Rock to Berkeley (East Bay Times)
Proofreading survey for undergrads from a skydiver, future Air Force pilot, and senior management major
CS Project Partner Issues
Where to post an off-campus student job?
Band geeks / Cal band, we need your help on March 4th [Forth!]
At LeConte Elementary School BUSD's literacy coach and former UC Berkeley graduate student Liliana Aguas focused her research on the incorporation of diverse language resources in education. Within LeConte's walls lies an oasis of progressivism and tolerance that can only be described as reassuring.
"Berkley fur ban": About 100 people marched through the streets from Downtown Berkeley BART to Sproul Plaza Sunday afternoon in support of a forthcoming Berkeley City Council proposal that would ban the sale of fur in the city. They blocked Durant Avenue east of Shattuck Avenue.
Jeong Jung on meeting Hate Man (Mark Hawthorne) at People's Park. "Mark's philosophy: When you hate someone, you have a cause, a reason or rhyme. You can only hate if you have the remotest of care about that person or for their existence. The opposite of love is not hate; it is indifference. "
Lillian Holmes: "To the wandering eye — or ear — it can seem like there's a lot of construction on our campus. But according to UC Berkeley real estate spokesperson Christine Shaff, there are fewer capital improvement projects now than there were 15 years ago."
Jasmine Tatah: "On Tuesday, the Nikkei Student Union and the Muslim Student Union collaborated in an event to remember the hardships the Japanese American community faced after Franklin D. Roosevelt’s executive order to move all people of Japanese ancestry into internment camps."
Has anyone seen Heavenly food truck?
Fun little Browser game for those of yall bored in class or if you are just looking for some geo-political fun. Own Companies, Run for office, help fight off other countries. Lots to do.
Help cutting a mat board?
"CS Town Halls Too Politically Correct" - EECS 101
Anant Sahai: Any student who violates prerequisites without instructor permission ethically needs to promise to not attend office hours with any difficulties in the material. It is incredibly rude to distort the learning experience for others because the student couldn't be bothered to be prepared.
The Trocks—an all-male drag ballet troupe—will perform Swan Lake and Don Quixote March 3 and 4 at Zellerbach Hall. They first performed at UC Berkeley's Cal Performances in 1976. Tickets start at $36 and are available at half-price to UC Berkeley students. March 3, 2017: 8pm. March 4: 2pm and 8pm.
The BAS Research Center in Berkeley is making strides in researching safe methods for cannabis extraction and manufacturing, according to Bao Le, CEO and co-founder of BAS. Le gave his son, who suffered from night terrors and seizures, edible marijuana on a cracker before bed to help him sleep.
Campus real estate spokesperson Christine Shaff emphasized that Trump's repeal of transgender restroom protections would not impact UC Berkeley's efforts to establish gender-inclusive restrooms on campus. UC Berkeley has 44 gender-inclusive restroom locations on campus.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: Cal "plans to allocate $30,000 a year to the Black Student Union center. BSU asked for $500,000. Now, BSU students find themselves in a difficult position of fundraising themselves to help cover salaries and benefits for full-time staff members, programming and equipment."
EECS people of r/berkeley, what projects would you build with a $2000 budget?
People who married their undergrad project partners, what was it like?
Anthony Levandowski, VP of Uber's self-driving car project, gained renown as a Cal grad student for designing a riderless motorcycle. He grew so focused on overcoming technical hurdles he offered $5,000 to a team member's girlfriend to break up. Google's Waymo is suing him for stealing trade secrets
Can I survive in Berkeley without computer,smartphone or any technology?
was Martin Shkreli suppose to have a speech at your school?
Is it legal to breastfeed my puppy in public in Berkeley?
Ягодная ферма и её жители 2. Наши козы и сногсшибательный козел "Борис"
Sarah Heo: My mother's advice: "Don't be like me." "[She] stayed with a man who hit her when she was pregnant so her child didn't have to call some strange man 'dad.' She paid for figure skating lessons we couldn't afford, keeping quiet about the absence of child support and sometimes electricity."
An auto burglary and strong-arm robbery occurred in the 3200 block of Idaho Street at 10:43 a.m. on Friday morning. "(The victim) confronted the two suspects, and attempted to regain his property. A struggle ensued." The suspects were described as two Black males riding bicycles.
This Sunday will be the last day for the West Berkeley location of Doughnut Dolly. The doughnut shop, which opened in the Gilman district in 2014, has been forced to close after lease negotiations broke down with Donahue Schriber, the building's landlord.
Manish Raje: "As a student who has repeatedly tried and failed to secure a coveted H1-B visa I can say that the system is downright unfair to students and detrimental to the skilled American workforce … Barring a tremendous stroke of luck I will be forced to relocate and start my life from scratch."
Chen Yue's journey to become China's first woman NCAA basketball player. She stands at 6 feet 7 inches. UC Berkeley's world-class education certainly attracted Chen, and a full-ride scholarship awaited her. She credits Cal's sizable Asian population for helping her feel more at home.
is stat 133 and stat 135 doable over summer?
Pass P/NP and retake for letter grade?
Summer accommodation (frats/apartment)?around Berkeley?
Separation Anxiety in Dogs - Get Doggy Dan39s help to treat your dog anxiety symptoms! - YouTube
CS 61C + Physics 7B Over Summer
Angel Juarez, a 20-year-old autistic man, was charged with attempted murder Thursday for stabbing an administrator at his West Berkeley special education school over recent job loss (due to absences) he blamed on the administration. Before stabbing her five times Juarez: "I'm going to kill you all."
Bette Kroening, 71, co-founder of Bette's Oceanview Diner, died. She was an outspoken advocate for a $15 minimum wage, profit-sharing, paid vacations and health benefits. 5 couples met and married while working there. A dozen staff members became homeowners and raised families in the neighborhood.
Community members expressed support for BUSD teacher Yvette Felarca after an eight-month-old petition calling for her to be fired resurfaced. Felarca said at the BUSD meeting she had been made a target of Trump supporters and urged the board to not "give in" to pressures from the right wing.
Berkeley High students read out a statement from Tori Burns, 14, who wrote she has had to deal with persistent sexual harassment since last spring, when she was an eighth-grader at King Middle School. Superintendent Donald Evans last week: "the safest thing to do was for me to leave Berkeley High".
Karina Pauletti's teacher: "If you don't know what you want to do as an adult, just look at problems in the world and think about how you want to fix them." It was what I needed at a confusing point. Mom was diagnosed with advanced cancer just days before Dad's birthday, college applications loomed.
How do students get glowing rec letters at top universities?
Sitting at Crossroads, and I'm overhearing a feminist talk
places to charge phones (urgent) (not clickbait)
Accurate photo of me being accepted to Berkeley for my master's
Serious Question for students living on campus. $
Serious question for on-campus dorm students.
Job gig for current UC Berkeley student or Alumni who can go to the California DMV during the day: $75 for 1-3 hours, and you can do your homework during most of that time.
Questions About Transitioning From Dorm Life To Apartment Life
UC Berkeley beats University of Toronto 3-0 to become TESPA Collegiate Series: Overwatch champions
Is there an open season on republicans?
Whistleblowers file claim against Bay Area Air Quality Management District
Berkeley High School was ranked number 57 out of 1,753 on a list for best public high schools in California for 2017. The list was created by Niche. Berkeley High received an overall Niche grade of A+.
Former UC Berkeley postgraduate researcher and UC Extension instructor L. Jay Citron died in his home Dec. 26, three months short of his 70th birthday. His focus was advancing health care while educating students. He held double doctorate degrees in public health and psychology from UC Berkeley.
Schools in Berkeley are facing an acute shortage of teachers due to rising housing prices and low teacher salaries, following a trend in California. Some teachers "travel 90 minutes to two hours to come into the city to teach". Ed Sibby: The economic downturn of 2008 eliminated many teaching jobs.
Cal alum Gary May was named the 7th chancellor of UC Davis. He will be the UC system's first African American chancellor. May received his Berkeley master's and doctoral degrees in EECS in 1988 and 1991, respectively. The focus of his research: computer-aided manufacturing of integrated circuits.
Cal opened a "safe space" for black students, the Fannie Lou Hamer Black Resource Center, behind Sproul Hall. Tayler Hughes is often the only black person in her STEM classes: I could tell from the get-go, in Chem 1A, this was not a safe space for me because no one was willing to be my lab partner.
Cal loses to Oregon on buzzer-beater three because god is dead and we live in a soulless world
Berkeley College Republicans still planning to host Milo talk even after the Breitbart host condoned pedophilia
Local art, music, beer and food event tomorrow (Thursday the 23rd)! Free
Berkeley community reacts to Milo Yiannopoulos’ resignation from Breitbart News: "Troy Worden, who helps manage communications for Berkeley College Republicans, said that 'everything is up in the air' in regard to whether or not they will continue efforts to bring Yiannopoulos back to campus."
What questions were you asked during the Regents interview?
Who is kmbabua?
A behind the scenes look at Milo's tour: On the Milo Bus With the Lost Boys of America’s New Right
Job gig for CA college student who someone who doesn't work in the gig
Editorial: Berkeley Finally Treats Crisis Like a Crisis
[SEEKING] Cannabis Experts &amp; Enthusiast! $75
Stop asking whether or not it's easy to date/fuck/talk to girls here
Has anyone here done the Sciences Po Dual Degree Programme?
Cal Performances is building awareness of performing arts to millennials through Front Row, hoping college students who can produce their own shows will get young audiences to connect. Wednesday, Feb. 22, at 7pm in Zellerbach is 2017's student-curated Front Row event, which is about Lemony Snicket.
Members of "UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens" spent Monday tuning in to a live stream with Martin Shkreli after he gained attention by posting in the group. Shkreli: "I will come to Berkeley. Absolutely, as long as nobody tries to kill me, I'll come." He suggested he might "have a Wu-Tang party".
Sockshop, a local footwear boutique popular among tourists in Berkeley, closed last month to the surprise of many Telegraph Avenue shoppers. Blair Dishon was unsurprised the store went out of business: "There was tons of foot traffic … yet few people walked out of the store with anything."
Campus officials received reports a man has been repeatedly depositing live body lice in some campus buildings, including Doe Memorial Library and the ASUC center. Elizabeth Dupuis said the library issued a one year ban to the individual on Feb. 8 for "violations of the Library Code of Conduct".
Dear 5th Floor Men's Bathroom Antifa Vandal,
Is it too late to apply for coop housing?
Milo Yiannopoulos resigns from Breitbart amid child sex comments: "While Yiannopoulos has made a living off deliberately offensive statements, his comments on two recently discovered video clips proved too much, even for his friends and colleagues at Breitbart."
What is UC Berkeley's reputation/level of prestige in SoCal? (Compared to UCLA &amp; USC)
What is UC Berkeley's reputation/level of prestige in SoCal?
Angel Juarez, 20, was arrested after stabbing an adult staff member at 1:45pm at 2126 Sixth St., the Via Center, a "non-public, non-profit school." CHP located Juarez and took him into custody at Buchanan St. and Interstate 80 in Albany. Police transported someone to Highland Hospital with injuries.
True Life: I'm a Haas Student
Date of Graduate Acceptance?
UC Berkeley alum and Breitbart News editor in chief refuses to quit publishing Milo, as of Feb 21 2017
How bad would it look to withdraw for the semester?
Antifa starterpack, x/post from r/starterpacks
Can someone in the BCR please try and explain why bringing Milo/Alex Jones to speak is a good idea
Tom Dalzell has walked all 200 miles of Berkeley. He affectionately pays tribute to the city's idiosyncrasies in his book "Quirky Berkeley." He found his life teetering after a minor wound became mortally septic. Days later, Dalzell exited the hospital with a reinvigoration for life itself.
NASA has partnered with UC Berkeley to expand its search for the ninth planet, and together they are offering the public the opportunity to help find it. Campus astronomy lecturer Gaspard Duchêne: "(The planet is) so big that it's actually pretty faint."
Moe's Books closed its doors Friday in solidarity with those concerned for their future under Trump's presidency. According to Doris Moskowitz, the owner of Moe’s Books, her staff unanimously agreed to close. This is the first public political statement Moe's Books has made since opening in 1959.
The Berkeley Forum: At 6pm February 22, 2017, at Banatao Auditorium, a panel brings together women in the tech field to discuss solutions to systemic. At Cal, only 11% of 2016 EECS grads were female. A study showed half of women in STEM careers leave their jobs because of hostile work environments.
got a bike , what do i need to know about riding it in berkeley/on campus?
How Bears Breed Unicorns: Inside Cal's Vast Startup Ecosystem. Cal startup Sanivation is helping to solve the problem of human waste disposal in the underdeveloped world by converting feces to a cleaner burning version of charcoal.
I did'nt realize that the berkeley subreddit was the same thing as the milo subreddit...
Milo Yiannopoulos' controversial book is canceled: "the latest uproar was a bridge too far for his publisher."
Math 135
EECS EECS EECS, EECS EECS? EECS EECS EECS, EECS.
CPAC Rescinds Invitation to Milo Yiannopoulos. The "alt-right" provocateur will no longer speak at this week's conservative gathering.
Berkeley girls track coach, 41, dies
FYI: Martin Shkreli just joined Berkeley's Memes for Edgy Teens
Milo Yiannopoulos Endorses Pedophilia In Newly Surfaced Audio
Milo Yiannopoulos disinvited from CPAC amid tape controversy
Berklee is not U.C. Berkeley — but angry Twitter users didn't realize that. In all, said Berklee's Rachel Taravella, around 200 tweets either condemning the school or including it in tweets arrived in Berklee's mentions. They have continued to trickle in slowly since the incident in California.
Student group BridgeCal took on the courageous task of easing tensions by creating a space where all voices are welcomed. Earlier this month, the club hosted an open discussion between liberals and conservatives centered around the Milo protests, and more generally, the role of hate speech.
No. 2 Cal men's swimming and diving team breezes past No. 11 Stanford in last home meet of the season. The Bears' win was fueled by the energy of the seniors who put themselves out of their comfort zone to swim atypical races.
Remembering Berkeley's Japanese community on 75th anniversary of Executive Order 9066. Five Japanese-American families created University Laundry on the corner of Shattuck and Blake in 1914, the Japanese Women's Herald, the Higashi Honganji Buddhist Temple on Oregon Street, and artist Chiura Obata.
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks: Nation must learn from shameful episode of Japanese internment signed 75 years ago by Franklin Roosevelt. At the time, UC president Robert Sproul called the Japanese American internment what it was — discrimination dressed up in the guise of national security.
Video surfaces of Milo Yiannopoulos defending pedophilia
Any chill 1,2 or 3 units I can add now?
[Gaming / E-Sports] UC Berkeley Overwatch team wins TeSPA Collegiate Series National Championship with a $100,000 prize pool in scholarships
Berkeley resident and Stanford CS master's student Susan J. Fowler was propositioned by her manager on her first day at Uber. He sexually harassed others but HR and upper management did nothing because he was a "high performer". First day at Uber: org had over 25% women. Her last day: only 3% were.
Freshly admitted Haashole student realizes the untapped potential of his social connections
Going crazy trying to get some Radiohead tickets!
EECS 101 Piazza: Student asks "Can Professors please mention Berkeley achievements?" Prof Kris Pister: "The low power radio that enables [AirPods] to work was designed by a former ee140 student who founded a company right out of school and sold it to Apple five years later for a huge pile of money."
Monday, February 6, 2017, Alameda County Superior Court Judge Jon Rolefson suspended criminal proceedings against non-binary murder suspect Pablo Gomez Jr., 22, and ordered a psychiatric evaluation with two doctors. Rolefson addressed Gomez as "Sir". The next court date is March 20.
Daily Cal Editorial Board: City must fix infrastructural issues. With storms, earthquakes and Donald Trump, there are many disasters Berkeley will have to weather in the immediate future. The city should not take half-measures to fix deep-rooted structural problems—let alone one-fifth of a measure.
Smoke Berkeley, a smoked meat restaurant, focuses on hiring and training people who normally wouldn’t get a chance anywhere else like the formerly incarcerated and people with severe head trauma and learning disabilities. It pays most employees more than Berkeley's minimum wage of $12.53 an hour.
More than 5,000 customers in South Berkeley and North Oakland have been affected by the power outage on Saturday night. he Julia Morgan Playhouse on College Avenue was plunged into darkness mid-scene on the opening night of Billy Elliot, according to Berkeleyside's Emilie Raguso around 9:10 p.m.
When will the SHIP Waiver be disbursed?
Econ major deadline
Christian band playing outside downtown BART station now (Sat 1:00PM)
Just a printing question
Environment
Environment
Yay! I was just admitted, but I don't know enough to make a good final judgement on UCB and EECS!
Our motivationally named team of Stanford computer science master students beat an escape room.
Christopher Lee Rouzie, 64, died. Mayor Tom Bates once asked BPD not to harass him for living out of his van because he often worked for people who couldn't afford costly carpenters. He'd tip $5 on a cup of coffee saying the barista "always treats me like a person and she seemed a little low today".
Christopher Lee Rouzie, a carpenter, died at 64. When asked why he'd tip five bucks on a cup of coffee, he would say of the barista "she always treats me like a person, and she seemed a little low today". Berkeley's former Mayor Tom Bates once asked BPD not to harass Chris for living out of his van.
Daily Cal Archives. Anne Showstack on February 17, 1964: Cops said dogs are "just like kids. They wander onto campus and start playing." A dog at VLSB, six at Wheeler. One found luck with couple who presented him half a sandwich. The girl smiled affectionately at the boy who was obviously so humane.
Cal alumna Mary Nguyen: I've moved seven times to apartments around the Bay Area. I've felt apartment searching stress too many times. Tips to people searching for housing: Start the search early, credit checks add up, be personable to owners, diversify your sources, and use Padmapper and Merpster.
Finding a starter home in the East Bay is complicated, but feasible. At the moment, the lowest-priced home for sale listed on Redfin in West Berkeley is a fixer-upper at 1309 Ward St. for $625,000 – just across the street from San Pablo Park.
Memorial Stadium Fitness Center is expected to open its doors May 1 despite previously scheduling to reopen in late February, sending users to RSF instead. It originally closed after it was found that previous tile flooring failed to meet health and safety standards because of a defective adhesive.
you've been visited by oski's rain boots. upvote in 8 seconds or never have dry feet again
Out of state graduate student funding
In order to see a counselor at Tang: do you have to make a phone call?
[HELP!] TRANSFER APPLICANT
UCPD Needs Help Identifying the Vandals During the Milo Protests
[HELP!] TRANSFER APPLICANT
For those living in singles, how much is your rent?
The Berkeley Police Department Traffic Bureau will conduct a DUI/Driver's License Checkpoint on Thursday, February 16, 2017, on San Pablo Avenue at Cedar Street, southbound traffic, between the hours of 8:00 p.m. and 3:00 a.m.
Youngest picture of hilfinger?
Not taking CS170, will I be ok?
BCR just had their biggest meeting in months
Yvette Felarca is asking supporters to push back against 1,000 emails and calls to BUSD to fire her. BUSD catalogued a long list of possible grounds for dismissal dating to 2009 but has been unable or unwilling to terminate her employment. Those allegations appear on Berkeleyside for the first time.
BPD arrested Berkeley resident and salesman, Vanderrick Vickers, 36, a chronic auto burglar. BPD received a report of a suspicious person who cased parked cars at Grant Street and University Avenue about 4:11 a.m. Thursday. Officers found Vickers with meth and credit cards in someone else's name.
UC Berkeley is a leader in 3D printing such as creating a prosthetic hand for an 8-year-old girl. Now, with over 100 printers on campus, 600 pounds of trash is generated each year. Nicole Panditi, a mechanical engineering student, and Scott Silva, and environmental sciences student, have a solution.
The UC system is implementing a new sustainability campaign called My Last Trash to increase students’ excitement for the university’s Zero Waste by 2020 program. In comparison to other campuses, UC Berkeley — which currently diverts 63% of trash — is behind in terms of the initiative's goals.
Rahban Algazzali is a Yemen native and Muslim American. Family member: "Your son should get used to wearing those [Yemeni] clothes because we are going to be sent back to Yemen with the president you voted for." Thursday he closed all five Oakland markets he co-owns for "Day Without Immigrants."
Coop Announcements?
Housing for Fall semester
Local art, music, and food event Thursday the 23rd of February! Free entrance!
Berkeleytime accuracy
Cool
Berkeleytime grades accuracy
Is Berkeley really looking for the protesters who shut down Yiannopoulos?
Is CS 47B harder than 61B?
Daily Cal Archives: Carolyn Jones, an English major and 7th year senior, wrote a special valentine to her mother Barbara Jones in February 14, 1992. "Anything you consider to be beneath you, refer to as delightful or charming. 'Your boyfriend is just charming, simply delightful.'"
Cal alumna Kathryn Cook is profiled about her journey from materials science and engineering to the aerospace industry, and now at Facebook, where she leads a team working on solar-powered drones to deliver internet access to remote areas of the world. She discusses Society of Women Engineers (SWE).
Friday, February 17, 2017, at 11:59pm is the deadline to add/drop courses. For EECS students, it is also the deadline to change your grading option via Cal Central.
BPD: The suspect pictured is responsible for an auto burglary in the 900 block of Heinz Avenue on 2/9/17 between 6:30-7:00pm. His vehicle appears to be a newer model, black Mercedes four door with paper plates and chrome rims. He is heavyset, black with a dark complexion, between 22 and 32.
Cheap Reliable Car to Buy
Berkeley: Tiny living spaces concept gaining city support. The City Council endorsed an initiative to encourage the creation of "supportive housing" for homeless and very low-income people. An earlier iteration of the proposal had specified modular micro-units.
UC Berkeley suffers setback in patent battle over CRISPR gene-editing tool
Is everyone ignoring the fact that Milo stated that he WILL "out" undocumented students?
Broad Institute scientist prevails in epic patent fight over CRISPR
UC Berkeley just lost major ground in the Crispr battle. "Human and eukaryotic cells" claimed by the Broad institute patent are just a subset of "cells" claimed by the Berkeley patent.
Does anyone have the Poli Sci 1NAC syllabus?
Milo Yiannopoulos is coming back to Berkeley, and he's bringing Alex Jones with him
Transportation from Soda late at night
3 arrested, 2 guns seized in Berkeley — Berkeleyside
Shut Up And Take My Research Funding. $$$ Available to Undergrad &amp; Grad students doing Canadian and International Research.
Help w research/ design challenge: attitudes around buying/ selling on Craigslist?
Help w research/ design challenge: attitudes around buying/ selling on Craigslist?
Is there anywhere on campus I can borrow crutches for a week or so?
Alexis23
New CS Major Requirement changes regarding Math 54, EE 16A, EE 16B
EECS 101 Piazza discussion after the post "TAs who cancel their office hours should be fired … Today I walked all the way to Soda expecting a TA to be there only for him to post at the last minute that it would be canceled … TAs have an obligation to put the needs of their students above their own."
EECS 101 Piazza discussion after the post "TAs who cancel their office hours should be fired … Today I walked all the way to Soda expecting a TA to be there only for him to post at the last minute that it would be canceled … TAs have an obligation to put the needs of their students above their own."
EECS 101 Piazza discussion after the post "TAs who cancel their office hours should be fired … Today I walked all the way to Soda expecting a TA to be there only for him to post at the last minute that it would be canceled … TAs have an obligation to put the needs of their students above their own."
CS 70 Grading Questions
EECS 101 Piazza discussion after the post "TAs who cancel their office hours should be fired … Today I walked all the way to Soda expecting a TA to be there only for him to post at the last minute that it would be canceled … TAs have an obligation to put the needs of their students above their own."
RSF cardio machines
Pressly Pratt: private parts, pubic debate. Cal sophomore Maddy Aragon said that for her, growing out all of her body hair, including her pubic hair, has been empowering. She shaved in high school but stopped because she felt that she was only doing so because of "heteronormative pressure."
Cassandra Vogel: The sexualization of teenage girls. Every Friday, the girls and boys at Berkeley's Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School used to play the "game" "Slap Ass Friday". When the end of the week came around, the boys would approach any girl and slap her ass without her consent.
Alt-Right March Planned In Berkeley for March 4, 2017, by alt-right group "Proud Boys," and they're promising some "special guests." The Proud Boys movement, now also a popular hashtag, tattoo, and a subreddit, stems from Vice co-founder turned far-right pundit Gavin McInnes.
Newsweek: Inside the Black Bloc Protest Strategy That Shut Down Berkeley. It was the first black bloc for Neil Lawrence who joined a local Antifa (anti-fascist) group of 150. The demonstrators caused $100,000 in damage on campus, the university said, and an additional $400,000 to $500,000 elsewhere.
BPD arrested Kameron Robinson-Tom, 18, an Oakland resident, after he and another man robbed members of the fraternity house on the 2300 block of Piedmont Avenue around 2:45 a.m. Sept. 4, 2016. Detectives are developing more information on the identity of the second suspect, who is still at large.
Rage against Yvette Felarca mounts after Fox News interview
Berkeley activist: No, “fascists” don’t have a right to speak in public
Who are the CS gods of Berkeley?
I am just as embarrassed about Yvette Felarca's behavior as you are. Regardless of your polical beliefs, she is a criminal. Without persuading authorities, I am afraid this escalation could result in fatalities. I say NO!
Wait for ECON 101B or take ECON 100B with Hawkins during summer?
Tea Fever on Shattuck. Is it coming back?
Amazon Prime/Amazon Student tips?
Can a US Citizen (born here) get an internship in Canada?
BerkEley
Marriage Is Driving Some to Drugs And It May Not Be a Bad Thing
UC Berkeley Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA's Earth Science Data
Key places to see on casual campus tour?
One VIP premiere ticket available for Third Eye Blind concert 7/23 at The Greek Theater
Radical Fascist Protest Leader Yvette Felarca - School Teacher? - Tucker Carlson Tonight - 2/13/17
Haas professor John Morgan issued a personal invitation to Haas alum Scott Adams to come to campus and speak freely on any political topic. Morgan: "I will welcome you warmly and personally escort you around to ensure your safety." Adams said he would be unsafe at Cal after a riot protesting Milo.
Milo Yiannopoulos postpones book to include protests at UC Berkeley. Life is happening fast for Milo, who has postponed his book from March to June so he can include the "craziness and rioting" that resulted from his planned appearances at a handful of West Coast campuses earlier this year.
Rama N'diaye, a former Cal women's basketball player, is finding support in her battle against breast cancer from Cal coaches and teammates through "Rebounds for Rama," in which supporters pledge money for every Cal rebound. Ann Caslin dreamed up the plan, which had raised over $12,000 by Sunday.
Can resisting Trump be fun? Wall of Us, an activist website by Berkeley Law staffers Amelia Miazad and Kara Ganter, aims "to make it simply irresistible for Americans to become active participants in rebuilding our democracy." Each Sunday they send missives with four weekly suggestions for action.
Authorities found Dora Bibbs, 87, and Gary White, 56, dead on Saturday in an apartment in the 1300 block of Haskell Street that they shared. They died under "suspicious circumstances" according to Berkeley police, who have not revealed any other information. Bibbs had suffered from cancer recently.
Rec Sports discontinued Cal Massage, a program that provided professional massage services to students at subsidized rates and to campus faculty and community members, as part of its ongoing plans to make Rec Sports programs more student-centered. The Cal Massage program generated $36,000 in 2016.
chicken breasts at crossroads
Chicken breast at crossroads
Where do people get Adderall/Ritalin before an exam?
Good luck to everyone taking midterms this week. (GL CS70 tonight!)
So I've been applying to a few biotech companies and I've been coming in for a few interviews as well. and how do they check for graduation? Should I bring my diploma in or take a picture of it or show pictures of my graduation?
Housing Advice?
Buying GSI Coffee
CS 61C tips?
Harry Brill: Cal does not care very much about serving a basic student need: affordable housing. It offers the lowest number of beds to students in nine UC campus system. Only 22% of undergrads and 9% of grad students enjoy campus housing. The system wide average is 38.1% and 19.6%, respectively.
Olivia Staser at age 16 interned at a local hospital and handled dead bodies: "I'm 18, and I've faced death on an altar and in a gurney, in a school desk and in the mirror. I'm 18 and I've danced with death in the bathroom and on a scale, at work and at school, in my words and in my voice."
SQUELCH! announced two nonsatirical senate candidates for ASUC elections in April. The two candidates — Hayley "Major Leaguer" Krieger and JJ "Transformer" Lamas — are running platforms focused on diversifying the Greek system and bringing a voice to students of many intersectionalities.
After San Francisco announced that it would make community colleges free to residents of the city, California has begun considering debt-free college education. The cost is $3.3 billion, with $2.2 billion to community college students, $800 million to CSU students and $300 million for UC students.
Cassie Ippaso: "If Milo comes back, let's engage in the discourse, let's protest the hatred, but let's do it peacefully. We can do it the right way because despite popular belief, freedom of speech is not dead here at UC Berkeley." BAMN organizer Yvette Felarca: “Hate speech is not free speech."
Is this Kiwi app legit? Or is it just some elaborate meme?
Christopher Hitchens passionately argues for free speech and against hate speech laws. Would he have been no-platformed in Cal's current political climate?
6 Signs you went to UC Berkeley
Everybody Hates the Berkeley College Republicans
Ian Miller, a campus senior majoring in cognitive science, has the unique misfortune of possessing the same name as an alleged attacker at the Milo protests
Goddamn I Am Old
Goddamn I am old
Goddamn I am old
Best LSAT Prep Course in Berkeley?
What percentage of students that intend to major in CS are actually able to declare it?
Clubs most welcoming to non-students?
I guess that
Fuck Me Please..
Murder suspect Pablo Gomez met with his public defender, George Arroyo, in a small room adjoining the courtroom. Arroyo emerged from the meeting after a few minutes as the sound of banging and screaming came from the room. Arroyo: "He is losing it." A deputy had a deep scratch on one hand.
17-year-old Ethiopian refugee will go home to a foster mother, Laura Fantone, in Berkeley as part of a refugee foster program after being delayed by Trump's travel ban. Overwhelmed, the girl asked for privacy through a translator and walked off with her best friend and her new foster mother.
Rich Corso, who coached Cal's women’s water polo team from 2006-2016, is suing the school for age and gender discrimination and wrongful termination for $1.38 million in lost wages and other benefits. Corso, 62, was the 1996 men's Olympic coach.
A man was taken to the hospital with serious burns early Saturday morning after the Berkeley Fire Department received a call about a possible fire. Some residents of the Metropolitan, a new apartment building next to the Berkeley City Club, were temporarily evacuated while authorities investigated.
Authorities are investigating the deaths of two people in a South Berkeley apartment Saturday. Authorities determined there was no active threat at the location, nor a threat to the nearby community, but the incident is being considered suspicious, and a detailed investigation has begun.
At the cal gymnastics meet
Are there any statistics on how many CS(not EECS) majors go on to grad school, average GPA, and average starting salary?
[FREE EVENT 02/12] Newt Night is tomorrow! Drink a beer, check out the newts, and stay for the greatest nature trivia ever.
Smaller on-campus clubs
Are CS 61A/B &amp; 70 weedout classes? What percentage of students who's intentions are to major in CS actually declare CS?
Censoring free speech sets dangerous precedent: "it sets a dangerous precedent that those who bring the biggest rocks or wrenches can prevent unpopular speakers from being heard."
History proves censoring free speech is ineffective: "What I am trying to demonstrate is that censorship does not stop a movement."
Caltech or Berkeley Dual Degree Program?
Sехy Girl
Do not condone violence to suppress free speech (Op-Ed by Chancellor Dirks)
Berkeley L&amp;S
You want me?
Chris Cox, who has scoliosis: "I've spent seven long years in my back brace, and I still find myself wanting to retreat into the nearest bathroom stall or to put on the biggest sweater I can find. I refuse to let myself do that. I will not hide any longer. I am a male insecure of his own body."
Willard Middle School was put on lockdown briefly Friday at 1:17pm because police were pursuing a suspect wanted in connection with a fight in People's Park involving a knife though no knife had been used. Coincidently, staff at Willard school had scheduled an emergency drill for that afternoon.
Real-estate firm Zillow currently estimates Berkeley's median rent at $3,772 per month, a big figure for most to gulp. That compares to $3,402 for the greater San Francisco metro area, and a calmer $1,411 national average. Despite the high rents, the Bay Area rental market is actually softening.
An Alameda County Superior Court jury found Anthony Durant guilty of gunning down his childhood friend Christian Sheppard during a dice game in South Berkeley in 2015. They found Durant guilty of second-degree murder along with unlawful firearm activity. He could face a sentence of 40 years to life.
Michael Cohen: "In the past — Occupy in 2011, the Wheeler Occupation in 2009 and (even) FSM — UCPD has had a very, very heavy hand with student protesters, employing violence as a first-order response. It was very heavy handed and (has) obviously dialed back." This follows the Robinson-Edley Report.
L&amp;S for CS questions
Is there any documented percentage of people who transfer from Berkeley city college to Berkeley's EECS?, would you say it's a higher one than transferring from other community colleges in the bay e.g. SFCC?
I got into Berkeley L&amp;S and plan to study CS. What can I do right now as a high school senior to ensure that I can declare CS?
Anyone taken Poli Sci 1/2 over the summer before?
UC Berkeley Virtual Walk Thru (Sony A6000, Kingsong Unicycle and Roxant ...
Looking for a well-priced single
I got into Berkeley Regents for L&amp;S(CS)! I have a couple of questions.
Student coming to Berkeley from BC, 1 year work-term. Need help/recommendations for car importation and housing!
Difficulty in Data 8 with DeNero
Math 16A-B enough for Stat 134?
Art History @ Berkeley
Carved bears lounging in tree in North Berkeley
Jake Fineman: "Am I not Berkeley’s foremost homosexual political troll? Do my flamboyant and disruptive ASUC-related antics presage a darker future? Is this my villain origin story? Am I … Milo Yiannopoulos?"
Alex Jones will be speaking at Berkeley alongside Milo Yiannopolous.
Anyone use the UC Berkeley Food Pantry???
Anyone interested in holding a pro trump rally?
Need red scantron. Where to buy?
Seeking Berkeley Film major or someone with experience to collaborate on documentary series.
Selling Ticket to Friday's Twenty One Pilots Concert
AP units and summer class units disappeared from CalCentral?
Misconceptions around Milo Yiannopoulos event and protests | The Daily Californian
Tom Dalzell, who writes for his Quirky Berkeley website: Kate Harrison should be elected to District 4. She would preserve the distinctive character of Berkeley. "She loves our dear old Berkeley for what it is, not for its transit corridors and proximity to tech jobs elsewhere in the Bay Area."
Teo Tezcan, a student at Berkeley High School and volunteer for Ben Gould's campaign: Ben Gould, who is running for City Council representing District 4, is the right pick to help tackle housing crisis in our community.
A Cal student who participated in the demonstration, who asked to remain anonymous out of fear for their safety, confirmed that UC Berkeley students were among those using the black bloc tactic, and that many were people of color. Robert Reich said right-wingers were behind the violence.
Isabelle Gaston: Berkeley's streets continue to deteriorate despite millions spent from Measure M. Berkeley voters must demand greater fiscal accountability on how the city spends bond monies.
Longtime Cal researcher Joseph Hurlimann, 78, is the cyclist who died after a car crash. People who have known him for decades say he had no close relatives left. He has three Cal degrees: bachelor's in soil science (1961), master's in plant pathology (1964), and doctorate in plant pathology (1974).
Exploring the Quirky in Berkeley
Suggestions for joining a historical studies breadth class this late in the semester?
Chase Bank on Solano robbed, manhunt underway
Please, write to your representatives about House Joint Resolution 46! [xpost r/California]
Where can I buy double a batteries on campus or near Strada?
Non-Alcoholic Beer?
Non-Alcoholic Beer?
Milo Yiannopolous will return to UC Berkeley in early April
Berkeley needs 'another Kent State': GOP official resigns after tweet
$40 customer research interviews 2/10
Tennessee College Free Speech Bill To Be Named After MILO
Nicholas Dirks discussed the disruption of Milo's speech. Asked if he feels the event harmed Berkeley's reputation as a "bastion of free speech," he says: "I don't think we've been tarnished at all. In fact, I've been hearing from people across the country that we have indeed honored our tradition."
After the protest in Berkeley against Milo so many death threats were levied at Mayor Jesse Arreguín that Berkeley police had to attach a detail to protect him. One threat: "FATASS POLITICIAN DOING NOTHING BUT SHOVING FOOD DOWN HIS MINORITY THROAT! WELL GUESS WHAT FUCK FACE!..YOUR TIME IS UP! PUNK!"
Daily Cal Editorial Board: "BCR had advertised the event as an opportunity for the campus to learn more about Milo and what he stood for. But this was a teaching moment for Milo as well. Had he paid any attention, he would have seen that free speech at UC Berkeley is still very much alive."
Jay Rooney of the California National Party: Californian independence — Good for California, good for Berkeley. Berkeley has long been an incubator for progressive ideas, so it would be very characteristic if Berkeley were to support Californian independence.
The Berkeley School Board unanimously appointed Erin Schweng as the new principal of Berkeley High School during closed session Wednesday. Sam Pasarow resigned as Principal of Berkeley High School, effective today. No informationhas been released about why Pasarow went on leave abruptly in December.
FYI Jared Goff's parents are Trump supporters
ESPM50AC is not what I expected, for the worse.
UCB's student newspaper seems to have taken a pretty nuanced position on recent events
Any places on campus to play the piano in private?
Are there any actions current students or alumni can take to encourage the UCB administration to sanction students involved in the black bloc?
Anti-Milo organizer: Window-smashing Cal protest ‘stunningly successful’
Good, affordable tailor for suit pants
On February 8, 2017, at 7:07am, the Berkeley Police Department received a report of a collision between a bicycle and a vehicle on Sacramento Street at Ada Street. The bicyclist did not survive the collision. The driver of the vehicle stopped immediately and is cooperating with the investigation.
Daily Cal:Check your privilege when speaking of protests
UC Berkeley Staffer Under Investigation For Participating in Riot
Holocaust survivor and granddaughter of Nazis share Berkeley home: Ben Stern, 95, and UC Berkeley graduate student Lea Heitfeld, 31, do the things many roommates do: They cook lunch together, do the dishes, argue about keeping the house clean and the cupboards closed. But they're an unusual pair.
Michael Eisen, an evolutionary biologist at Cal, was dismayed over the Trump administration's disdain for evidence on climate change and other issues. He registered the Twitter handle @SenatorPhD and declared his intention to run in 2018 for Senate. His campaign slogan: "Liberty, Equality, Reality."
Daniel Ramos-Mora, 23, was charged with three felonies after sexually assaulting a woman outside a Telegraph Avenue bar in view of people inside. He pulled down her dress and sexually assaulted her with his mouth and fingers as she continued to tell him to stop. They both have ties to People's Park.
Vice Chancellor of Equity and Inclusion Na'ilah Nasir will resign from her position June 15 in order to assume the role of president of the Spencer Foundation, an educational research foundation, announced interim Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost Carol Christ in an email to the campus.
UCPD is compiling footage from the fiery Milo Yiannopoulos protest to identify suspects. UCPD spokesperson Sabrina Reich: "If we were to go out and engage the militant-style anarchists it would embolden the protesters and escalate the level of violence possibly putting our students in harm's way."
Yo what happened to Tea Fever
Under Armor CEO is a Trump supporter. Under Armor signed $86 million deal with Cal Athletics last year. THIS IS NOT PROGRESSIVE. DO NOT ATTEND ANY SPORTING EVENTS OR BUY ANY UNDER ARMOR BRANDED SPORTING GOODS UNTIL BERKELEY CANCELS THE DEAL.
FBI investigating identities of black-clad UC Berkeley rioters — Berkeleyside
Fun for under 21
Sexy Valentine's Day Walking Tour of Downtown Berkeley
Who is (or was) your least favorite UC Berkeley professor?
Daily Californian Op/Eds favoring removing troll lecturer that caused MiloAtCal protests: Violence As Self-Defense
Scott Adams no longer supports UCB
iClicking Remotely
Great Collections of Wines in Havre De Grace, MD | Call now (410-939-0990)
61B and 70 past exam scores
What time does Berkeley College Republicans meet?
Early voting began Feb. 6, for City Council District 4 election. Candidates are Cal alum Kate Harrison, 58, and Cal grad student Ben Gould, 25. Harrison is concerned about the "large-scale” development happening "in our neighborhoods." Gould said market-rate housing must have a place in Berkeley.
AG Ferrari, an Italian deli on College Avenue for 27 years, abruptly closed its doors today. Lindsay Cumming: "The cost of doing business in the Bay Area, particularly in regards to supporting wages and benefits" contributed to the decision. Berkeley's minimum will increase to $15 an hour in 2018.
Bay Area businesses responded to Trump's executive order. Berkeley-based Mexican restaurant Comal will offer a special $15 taco bowl promotion each Monday and Tuesday throughout February and will donate the net proceeds to the East Bay Sanctuary Covenant, a nonprofit committed to assisting refugees.
GRE Study Group
Berkeley College Republicans was subject to a theft of a contact list Thursday, and new members since received harassing anonymous emails. UCPD offered to assign an officer to BCR's table on Sproul "to give them a little bit more peace of mind" and to issue an officer to BCR's weekly meetings.
Born in Afghanistan and raised during Taliban rule, Sal Parsa was going to school half the day by 12 and working the other half sewing clothes. The arrival of American soldiers in 2001 sowed seeds of what became a revolution in Parsa's life—such a profound change he is now an Berkeley MBA student.
Can you do well without Latek?
Cal and all other California public schools to stop athletic + academic trips to any state with LGBT discrimination laws, per State Assembly Law.
Anyone have a single room available?
CS70 Test Advice
Is this the hate speech the cntrl left is afraid of?
Should I Switch to P/NP?
Becoming a GSI right after taking the class (CS/EECS)
test
Ex-Lawrence Berkeley chief is front-runner for Cal chancellor
Submitting Housing App Sooner The Better?
Help me get into UCB? -Junior
Courses recommendation for exchange student
Are there any fraternities still recruiting?
Millionaire job after graduation
Any photographers/artists here?
Breadth classes that will still take students
At least six robbery reports came into Berkeley Police Department Saturday evening, four of which involved guns. No arrests have been made. In January, there were 34 robberies reported in Berkeley. There were 2 dates in January when the city got 3 robbery calls. No dates got more than 3 calls.
New York Times op-ed from Cal freshman Malini Ramaiyer on protests against Milo: "Until Wednesday I never felt in danger during a protest. … A Trump supporter was hurt. A Syrian Muslim student was hurt. … I understand the fight for a more progressive, just society. But this is not how we get there."
The Berkeley Police chief, Andrew Greenwood, said he did not want a repeat of the 2014 Black Lives Matter protests, where police used tear gas to clear Telegraph Avenue and sparked extensive public outcry. He said lessons learned absolutely played a role in decision-making Wednesday in Milo's visit.
Andrea Platten: A Catholic's conundrum. Father Ivan Tou is the pastor at Newman Hall in Berkeley. He went to MIT, worked at HP and pursued a PhD at UCLA. After years of a STEM career, God called him to priesthood. While Newman sees 500 students at masses weekly attendance's waned across the country.
Elaina Provencio to Trump: "Milo was allowed to speak on campus, but the event was canceled for safety reasons. The administration, against the wishes of many, allowed him to address the campus. He was never legally denied the right to speak, he was simply drowned out by the voices against him."
I like UC Berkeley, but not the city or its culture
[FREE EVENT, 2/12] Newts &amp; trivia... nature walk meets happy hour! Best Valentine's date ever.
Do you use smart drugs?
How world leaders were duped into investing billions over manipulated global warming data.
"No Regrets" Organizer calls for more militant protests
Berkeley Riots -- Faculty Defend Anti Milo Yiannopoulos Riots
Milo Yiannopoulos announced Saturday that he still intends to make an appearance at UC Berkeley "hopefully within the next few months", even though his event Wednesday was canceled by UCPD. BCR treasurer David Craig said he is open to seeing the speaker return to campus.
I am an alumni who graduated between 2005 and 2010. Am I going to lose my @berkeley.edu forwarding address?
Blanket ban has been lifted. Traffic has returned to normal.
[#10] We are back to scheduled programming. Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Housing for Summer Sessions Question!
Crippled AF: My Never Ending Saga Of Repetitive Stress Injuries (X-Post Engineering)
Food for Thought: Making a Dent in the Crisis of Student Hunger at UC Berkeley. When he embarked on his freshman year at UC Berkeley in 2014, Esteban Vasquez was set to become the first in his family to graduate from college. A couple of months in, he was ready to drop out because of finances.
Four UC Berkeley undergraduates (Matthew Cheung, Jessica Chiu, Julia Solano and Nick Firmani) invented Volta, a rocking chair that uses the rocking motion of a sitter to generate energy to charge an iPhone. It was their final project for a class offered by the Jacobs Institute for Design Innovation.
Ten vehicles that had been broken into and burglarized at the Ashby BART station were discovered early Thursday morning after 4 a.m. by the opening station agent, the BART Police report. Authorities: "It appeared as though each of the vehicles had been entered via smashed window and ransacked."
Super Bowl watch parties in the East Bay: alaMar, Era Bar, Eureka!, Eve's Waterfront Restaurant, Farm Burger, Hog's Apothecary, James and the Giant Cupcake, Lama Beans, Shakewell, Telefèric Barcelona, and The Half Orange.
Police arrested three men Saturday after they climbed into the window of an unoccupied hotel room at Downtown Berkeley Inn, then fled when confronted. Officers caught up and took them into custody. Police arrested Marcos Rohlik, 24; Indigo Nadler, 22; and Eddie Collins, 27. They are homeless.
Is this what you really think about ISIS Berkeley?
I'm looking to interview students or faculty members about the recent protests on your campus.
Is this how you really feel about the ISIS flag Berkeley? If so, could someone help me understand why?
Stat 88 difficulty
Berkeley Students SUPPORT Man Waving ISIS Flag – Then ATTACK Same Guy When He Waves Israeli Flag
Milo Yiannopoulos' appearance on Judge Jeanine Pirro (4th Feb)
List of these filthy scumbags
Mayor of Berkeley asked tough questions following Milo Yiannopoulos riots
Berkeley Teacher says this should be the model for Future Protests
Test
Test
Testing
UC Berkeley Thug Who Beat Conservative and Bragged About It Online – Is University Staff Member!
Thoughts on a Free Speech Forum on campus?
PhD Programs Romance Languages and Hispanic Languages
A survey by UC-Berkeley's student assembly found that nearly half -- 47% -- of its Ph.D students were depressed, citing dismal job prospects. About 37% of its master's degree students also reported depression.
Do not post anything that could potentially reveal personal information in any format, or start some kind of Witch Hunt. Even if it is a biased article, or about something you feel may be news-worthy. You will be permanently banned.
White professors still dominate Bay Area colleges as student bodies grow more diverse.
UC Berkeley Thug Who Beat Conservative and Bragged About It Online – Is University Staff Member!
Does anyone have a copy of the syllabus to Reich's class(es)?
College of Letters and Science (Transfer)
"The so called 'violence' against private property that the media seems so concerned with stopped white supremacy from organizing itself against my community."
Berkeley Republicans VP: University ‘worked tirelessly’ to protect our rights
Milo Yiannopoulos planned to 'publicy name undocumented students' in cancelled talk
I found this on youtube several months ago &amp; apparently half was filmed in Berkeley. Is this an accurate assessment of how people in Berkeley feel about Voter ID's?
I'll just leave this here...
‘Black bloc’ protests return for Trump era, leaving flames, broken windows from D.C. to Berkeley
Hi Berkeley! In June 2015 Warren Buffett became majority shareholder of Heinz Kraft. John Kerry is married to a Heinz heiress. In Nov. 2015 Obama/Kerry decided Keystone XL pipeline was worse for the environment than Warren Buffet's trains even though pipelines are a safer way to transport oil.
test
Women's Basketball defeats #13 Southern Branch 80-77.
Scott Adams disavows UC Berkeley.
UC Berkeley Rioter Has Been Exposed, &amp; He’s a University Staff Member!
Friend is considering planting fleas or lice in study places to beat the curve...
Will Anthony Watson, 24, was arrested Wednesday in connection with the fatal shooting in Berkeley of Gregory Ignacio Jr, 19, in September. He was charged with murder by the district attorney's office. Police had arrested a 19-year-old man in connection with the case in January but he wasn't charged.
A man who was being followed by UC police ran a red light at College and Ashby Avenues, hit a few cars, and then jumped out of his vehicle, which then hit the façade of Dream Fluff Donuts. The man then ran west on Ashby Avenue but was apprehended by police near Benvenue Avenue.
Roger Hanna Morash, 35, and Valerie Morash 32, who were found dead Jan. 23 in their apartment, died of acute carbon monoxide intoxication. Police have not identified the source of the carbon monoxide. They determined the cause through autopsy findings, toxicology reports, necropsy, and other tests.
UCPD responded with a team of officers after receiving a report of a man wearing a bulletproof vest and a gun on his hip in Dwinelle Hall on Friday, according to Officer Barry Boersma. He said UCPD believed the man was, in fact, a driver for Loomis — a cash-management service — making a cash pickup.
A Cal student is among four plaintiffs suing Trump for an executive order restricting immigration. The student, referred to in court documents as “John Doe,” is an Iranian PhD student with an F-1 student visa. He recently accepted a job offer at a Fortune 50 company, which the order jeopardizes.
This community has experienced a terrible loss 😥
Do you guys still honor Ted Kacynski?
Anitfa violence leader named as Berkeley faculty member Ian Miller. spoke with Professor Robert Reich day of riot.
UC's Fidelity Retirement Plan.
Who is (or was) your favorite UC Berkeley professor?
[Megathread Day 2] Milo Protests - All content related to Milo and the protests must be posted here. Any offending thread will be removed, and the offenders banned from the subreddit for 3 days. If you believe your content warrants its own thread for whatever reason, message me.
Saw this flyer by north gate.
A little unrelated to Berkeley Drama currently, but does anyone know how to reserve fields near Berkeley (Tom Bates Complex, San Pablo Park, etc)
Scott Adams Disavows Alumni UC Berkeley - "F**k em, I'm done with them" after Milo Yiannopoulos Riot
Hi Berkeley! Do you feel the media hasn't portrayed the culture on your campus accurately? Why can't we have a healthy debate about our differences? Is this what progress looks like? My plan to remove my bloodline from from the gene pool.
Does anyone have video of the fat guy that was screaming insults at the protesters?
UC Berkley antifa terrorism and disregard for humanity
Anyone really disappointed seeing a professor with antifa? (do NOT name or you'll be perma-banned from reddit)
An open letter to Berkeley College Republicans
Berkeley Rioters Were Actually Secret Right-Wingers | “I was there for part of last night, and I know what I saw and those people were not Berkeley students,” Robert Reich said. “Those people were outside agitators. I have never seen them before... They all looked very – almost paramilitary.”
Do I need to watch EE16A lecture if I'm taking 54 concurrently?
President Trump has threatened to cut off federal funding to UC Berkeley. What if he does?
Video showing light stand catching fire by itself and the reporter proceeding to claim someone set it on fire
So has this sub been taken over?
This is a picture of American soldiers fihgting the Nazi's in WWII. The protesters against Milo this week are simply continuing in their footsteps. Our ancestors didn't try to "understand" or "communicate" with the Nazis, they fucking FOUGHT.
Hi Berkeley! Trump supporter here &amp; I'd like to get your opinion on research I've been doing related to Climate Change &amp; why some don't trust Democrats on Climate Change. Here are some links I've found &amp; I love to get some feedback. Have I connected dots that don't exist?
me irl
me irl
This Yelp photo for Juan's Place makes me laugh
UC warns campus group: Yiannopoulos event could target students
Bhanu
Chancellor Dirks had a duty to protect his students, but failed spectacularly.
I was going to be an exchange student to UC Berkeley, not anymore
Property management companies in Berkeley worth checking out?
The Berkeley Protest in a Nutshell
Berkeley mods censoring post that don't fall in line with Alt-Right Propaganda.
I took Discrete Math at Foothill College. Can I transfer credits from there to CS70?
Robert Reich already crying reichstag fire
Berkeley College Republican attacked on campus while speaking to media
(x-post /r/eastbay) Free items in West Oakland, moving soon.
Trumpet instigates people who are protesting white supremacist, gets maced in the face. INSTANT KARMA
Regular the_donald user here &amp; I come in peace.
Jabari Bird boosts Cal men's basketball to win over Utah in double overtime, 77-75.
Cal English professor emeritus and Indian-born writer Bharati Mukherjee died at 76. Best known for her collection The Middleman and Other Stories and novels like Jasmine, her focus was the immigrant experience. "The narrative of immigration is the epic narrative of this millennium," she once wrote.
MCB professor Jennifer Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier were awarded the Japan Prize for their invention of the revolutionary gene-editing technology CRISPR-Cas9, which is already yielding new therapies for cancer and hereditary diseases. Each will receive 50 million Japanese yen ($420,000 U.S.).
UCPD has arrested one suspect at the Milo Yiannopoulos protests Wednesday night and two suspects in an unrelated incident Thursday morning. Edward Thomas Kuo, a 19-year-old man who is not affiliated with the campus, was arrested Wednesday night on suspicion of remaining "in the place of a riot."
James Dwayne Sykes, 43, has been charged with attempted murder after police say he tried to set his former girlfriend's tent on fire as she slept, then violently attacked her in Berkeley last week. The location was the homeless encampment at Second Street north of Harrison Street in West Berkeley.
Data science major???
Milo Yiannopoulos Full Interview On Tucker Carlson Tonight 2/2/17
Has anyone had a schedule conflict form approved recently?
Cal beats Utah on a Jabari Bird alley-oop in double overtime!
A Milo supporter in Seattle shot a protester two weeks ago. He sent a Facebook message an hour before the shooting to Milo, complaining that he was “sucker punched” and that someone had stolen his Make America Great Again hat, police said. Despite this there has been ZERO media coverage.
Has anyone had a schedule conflict form approved recently?
Berkeley College Republicans no longer required to pay security fee for Yiannopoulos event
Can my grandfather (in India) somehow pay my tuition directly?
Berkeley Blowback: Milo Book Sales Soar 12,740% Overnight - Vessel News
Robert Reich: A strategy demagogues have used for over a century is to foment unrest and violence, and then blame people who have criticized them for creating the unrest – and use their alleged complicity as a means of reducing their autonomy and building up the demagogue’s power.
Front Page of Liveleak: Anti Milo Rioters Break into Bank in Shattuck Square
My Alma Mater has failed me
Front page of Liveleak: Anti Milo Rioters Break Into Bank in Berkeley
The Berkeley Riots Were A Cowardly Act of Domestic Terrorism
All of the threads on the front page have been locked until further notice. This was done because of people posting personal information, twitter handles from students, and facebook comments from innocent individuals.
Short video of the protest after Milo had left campus (30 seconds)
My glorious Alma Mater has failed me
Best way to invest 30k?
Riot Breaks Out At UC Berkeley Over Milo Yiannopoulos Speech
Steven Hayward Refuses To Condemn Anti Transgender Speech By Milo Yiannopolous - The Skeptic's Rebuttal
The developer of one of the most contentious high-rises in Berkeley history has put the project up for sale but says his firm may not actually dispose of the building but rather use any offers to draw in new investors.
I first started listening to the music of Lou Reed after I heard him featured in a Gorillaz song — one of the later recordings he’d make before his death at age 71, it turned out.
Recruiting for Cannabis Study!
Why are posts here locked so quickly?
U.C. Berkeley in 1964... how far they've fallen...
Inviting President Trump to Speak at UC Berkeley
Recruiting for Marijuana study, $75 for participation
$6,500 security fee
Dear Rioters, Stop Acting Like Degenerate Children!
STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT PEACEFUL PROTESTS
UC Berkeley assault
/r/Berkeley is on fire right now. Locked threads everywhere! Hilarity continues to ensue!
RIOTS IN BERKELEY! "PEACEFUL" Watch 5 people get punched!
[Megathread] Milo Protests
Ayn Rand was on to Berkeley rioters in 1965. [The Cashing-In: The Student "Rebellion"] (~14,000 words from The Objectivist Newsletter)
Has there been a press conference about last night?
Chancellor Dirks' Official Statement on the violence
Let's make this clear. If a protest becomes violent and turns into a riot, you are helping the rioters by literally just standing there.
The Truth About the Berkeley Riot
Trump Threatens UC Berkeley's Federal Funding After Milo Yiannopoulos Protest
The majority of the protesters were peaceful, but stop claiming complete innocence of students
UC Police Chief: "I do not believe our students were involved in the vandalism and the violent behavior that occurred."
Paradox of Tolerance - "Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. "
In 1994 David Irving (Holocaust "revisionist") had to cancel his Cal speech due to concerns about safety. I was as embarrassed then as I am now. We are better than this. (I know it was not students last night, but still...)
xkcd 1357: Relevant Again In Light of the Recent Events
[X-Post from /r/Anarchism] These are the people Berkeley students covered for, the people Berkeley students ignored when they brutalized people even though students outnumbered them 3:1. These are your new friends Berkeley.
TIL 55% of Berkeley's funding comes from the Federal government :)
We should definitely forever refer to the events of last night as "The Milot" (Milo+Riot)
Liberal campus attacks gay man over free speech.
Liberals sure are dumb please give me upvotes
We made it to #1 on r/all. Great.
Because apparently this is not common knowledge
My thoughts on last night's protest
After nearly six years of service in Berkeley, Remy's Mexican Restaurant (formerly known as Mario's La Fiesta) on Haste Street has shut its doors. Some community members speculated that the closure may be related to the restaurant's recent citations for serving alcohol to minors.
UC Berkeley student and murder suspect Pablo Gomez Jr. was involved in a scuffle Wednesday with security officers at the René C. Davidson Courthouse. He had an argument with his lawyer while waiting for the arraignment to begin. Gomez did not want to leave and had to be escorted out of the room.
Berkeley ranks No. 1 in Bay Area for homes selling above asking price. Back in December 2015, 74.1% of homes sold above asking. In December 2016, that number was 90.9%. Tracy Palma: For many buyers, "their no. 1 destination is Berkeley because of the schools, diversity, and rentability."
Daschel "Dash" Butler, 66, who served as Berkeley's chief of police for 11 years, died Jan. 16, two days after he was scheduled to be married to his fiancée, Donna Abraham. Butler supervised one of the nation's most successful hostage rescue operations from kidnapper Mehrdad Dashti in 1990.
Molecular and cell biology professor Michael B. Eisen, co-founder of the Public Library of Science (PLOS), has said in an interview that he intends to run for the U.S. Senate in 2018. He is interested in running because he believes there's a need for scientists to be represented in the Senate.
A stranger with a knife raped a young woman working alone late at night in a downtown Berkeley shop last week. The attack, which was recorded on surveillance video, was interrupted when another customer went into the business. Police say they caught the rapist, Johnathan Lincoln, 29, blocks away.
Serious question: did UCB students involved in the riot really think this would force a governmental change or did you just want an excuse to raise hell and tear shit up?
Trump hints that federal funding could be cut after U.C. Berkeley riot
Everyone is allowed to comment here as long as the comments are not exceptionally trollish, are not calling for violence in a serious manner, and are not telling others to harm themselves. Please report comments you believe break these rules. Opinions you disagree with are not reportable offenses.
@realDonaldTrump: "If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?"
Video Doc from inside the Milo "Peaceful Protest" @ BERKELEY, new footage not shown on news [xpost]
Trump comments on Berkeley
Are the ticketholders getting a refund or is Milo getting rescheduled elsewhere?
"If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?"
As an alum, ive seen riots like these happen before but...
Personal projects?
I'm pretty f*cking disappointed 😔
We really need to get rid of these professional protesters who just lash out with violence at protests.
Hello From KU (University of Kansas) every one is watching you talking about you.
UC Berkeley Students Clean Up The Mess Left By Black Bloc Rioters
Lineman signs with Cal, learns of mother's death
Packd app wtf I walked all the way to the RSF to find that they're closed due to the protests. I purposely checked the app to figure out if they were open. Why does it say more than 0% at the weight room??
UC Berkeley Students Clean Up The Mess Left By Black Bloc Rioters [Picture]
How could have this been avoided?
Agent Provocateurs arrived in Berkeley weeks ago to incite violence on campus, at the direction of Milo and Steve Bannon.
Donald Trump surrogates and r/thedonald alt-right members are flooding this subreddit with alternative facts.
Berkeley tonight caught on video. Major damage
Protesters attack BuzzFeed Reporter
Keep this up and y'all will lock in Trump's second term
Berkeley tonight
Could someone post what was just announced? I heard "unlawful assembly" but nothing else.
Can anything be done about the brigading of this subreddit in response to recent events?
Posting names, inciting personal Witch Hunts, or posting any kind of personal information about normal individuals will result in a permanent ban from all of reddit (and this subreddit). Videos and pictures of people are allowed in cases where it pertains to news.
Who thought this would help? Watch idiots live in Berkeley
Violent UC Berkeley Rioters and Antifascists Attack Trump Supporters
The widespread looting of downtown Berkeley is being streamed live
Why didn't campus police stop rioters from destroying the campus?
Female MILO Fan Pepper-Sprayed At UC Berkeley
Were the people who incited violence at the protest (breaking the windows at the amazon building, lighting stuff on fire, hurting others) cal students?
Woman assaulted on video by anti-Milo protestor
The majority of protesters were peaceful. The people breaking shit aren't affiliated with the university.
Press F to pay respects
Guy beaten on the ground by anti-Milo protesters
An Open Letter to University of California, Berkeley:
Your campus is a laughing stock right to the whole nation right now. Congrats.
Never Change Berkeley
Milo Wins!
Is campus safe?
Does anyone have cell phone footage of other footage of the Milo protests tonight?
Protesters at Milo event in UC Berkeley proved to the nation tonight who is hateful and violent. The hypocrisy is beyond reproach.
We did it Berkeley! We meme'd the news. 1 updoot = 1 airhorn
We did it Berkeley!
Protesters shut down Yiannopoulos appearance at Berkeley -- WATCH LIVE
UCPD cancels Milo event after protests become violent
2 'known gang members' arrested with loaded gun — Berkeleyside
Co-op applications?
Anyone recommend any easy upper division humanities over the summer?
How to Get Involved with Calexit
Milo Yiannopoulos, Hatemonger, Right Wing Extremist, Self Styled Journalist, And Transphobe Speaking At UC Berkeley Tonight
Has Milo ever incited violence?
Kamau Berlin, 21, of Berkeley, will be sentenced to 21 years to life in prison for killing Nancy Jo McClellan, 72, during an attempted carjacking in 2014. Berlin stabbed McClellan twice in the neck while trying to steal her 2000 Honda Civic.
Mukund Rathi: "The Berkeley Against Trump coalition invites all solidarity-minded people to protest with us against far-right agitator Milo Yiannopoulos on Feb. 1. We will gather at 5 p.m at Sproul and show our unwillingness to allow our campus to be used to spread Yiannopoulous's vile bigotry."
Just 15 days into his training with the Berkeley Police Department, a young officer, Kyle Ludovico, made a traffic stop last week that resulted in the seizure of a handgun sporting an extended magazine, and nearly 60 stolen credit, debit or gift cards, along with a small amount of marijuana.
The Consumers Union found Berkeley's Alta Bates Summit Medical Center, did not have state inspections for 5 years prior to 2015. Alta Bates, a Sutter Health hospital set to close its Berkeley location within next 14 years, reported one instance of surgical site infections over the three-year span.
The University of California will terminate $475 million worth of contracts with Wells Fargo after repeated criticism from the Afrikan Black Coalition, or ABC, over its ties to private correctional facilities.
Is it possible to take both CS 188 + CS 169 over the summer?
Where can I recycle/donate used shoes or clothes in Berkeley?
UC identifies 9 potential sites for student housing in Berkeley — Berkeleyside
Can someone direct me to the Josh Hug trash can post?
The Campanile fire alarm just went off
Amazon Berk Store
How do you meet people at Cal?
Exchange Student (22) Staying at Berkeley for 2 weeks - anyone want to show me around
How to make same day advising appointment with l/s college advisor. I only see ability to set up appointment in future which doesn't give me any dates until the system glitches out and finally shows 2/13
Berkeley must lead the way in supporting the most oppressed group in history: animals
Pinterest Interns/New Grads
Pinterest Interns/New Grads
Berkeley Professor and Trump Supporter Steven Hayward: Calling The Race Too Soon
Berkeley residents can apply until Feb. 27 for rebates of up to $3,000 to help pay for seismic upgrades to their home's foundation in order to mitigate the risk of earthquake damage to their homes. Applications are administered by the state-funded California Earthquake Brace and Bolt program.
Pieter Sittler, internal VP for Berkeley College Republicans on lawsuit against Trump's refugee executive order: "(Trump) promised Americans he would maintain an unrelenting focus on the safety and security of our homeland. [It's] just California grandstanding the Republican President Donald Trump."
Berkeleyside: Way back in November of 2015, we brought you news of a new brewery headed to West Berkeley. After many permitting delays, Gilman Brewing at 912 Gilman St. is now open. The brewery focuses on small batches of "funky, interesting" beers, including both Belgian and American styles.
Nearly two dozen Berkeley police officers were recognized for exceptional service. In one case, a Cal student was sexually assaulted on a footpath near campus. The victim was also beaten and robbed. After BPD officer Melissa Kelly worked the case, the suspect was charged with multiple felonies.
Whole Foods evacuated after security officers pepper-spray thief with knife; store closed until Tuesday morning. Customers are being asked to check out and leave the Berkeley Whole Foods on Gilman Street, and would-be customers are not being allowed inside, local shoppers report.
Want to learn the Data Structures Course (61b)
Taking a class without prereq?
TIL the California Grizzly Bear is Extinct (x-post r/TIL)
UC statement on President Trump's executive order
Upcoming Berkeley Datathon on Feb 10th!
Berkeley theater adapts to new generation. Theater companies are struggling to garner funds and attract young audiences. BareStage's Alex Scoolis, a TDPS major: "You have to expect shitty pay and shitty coverage and you have to…do it for free for so many years in order to be respected and hired."
Rudra Reddy: Making the political system great again. "I support Trump because, not only is he the closest to the libertarian ideal, but the very idea of him incites the popular forces that keep government at bay. He is committed to no government or financial entity, in fact, he is scorned by most."
Try Khov: Principles over parties. "Perhaps it came as a surprise to many, especially my fellow Bears, when I openly opposed Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election. How could I, a person of color, go against someone who seemed like the obvious choice?"
The ASUC Elections Council met to review the Voluntary Wellness Honor Pact, a resolution that would establish an ASUC bylaw that places limits on the amount of time candidates can spend campaigning, among other rules designed to prevent the mental health of campaigning students from deteriorating.
20 activists with Direct Action Everywhere (DxE) interrupted a Saturday showing of "A Dog's Purpose" in a Berkeley theater in response to a video of film makers trying to force a German Shepard dog into a pool of water during filming. The activists said it is a "product of our speciesist culture."
Cal Men's Basketball Beats Stanford 66-55
What's the Applied Science and Technology PhD program like?
Great meetup everyone! A total of 11 people showed up. 12 people if you count the baby. There will be another meetup around 1 month from now.
Unofficial Transcript now that Bearfacts isnt updated?
Has anyone taken or heard about ART W23AC?
Where can I take advantage of California's liberal marijuana laws?
I'm going to be 5-10 minutes late to the meetup because of BART delays. Can someone show up early and put down a reddit sign for me?
Clubs you recommend?
The counterargument to Milo Yiannopoulos at UC Berkeley
RISELab, a new five-year computer science research initiative led by prof Ion Stoica, was announced at Berkeley, with support from Amazon, Google, IBM, Microsoft, among others. It aims to develop "platforms, tools and algorithms to support applications that require intelligent real-time decisions."
Roger Morash, 35, and Valerie Morash, 32, were found dead in a fourplex on Deakin Street in Berkeley where they had lived for several years. They were killed by carbon monoxide poisoning. The couple was using a laser 3-D printer that was venting into their residence.
Ben Gould — a graduate student running for Berkeley City Council's District 4 seat — announced Monday that he has secured the endorsement of every executive member of UC Berkeley's ASUC and graduate assembly, excluding that of Selina Lao, who holds the nonpartisan position of ASUC student advocate.
A 20-year-old male pedestrian was hit by a car on Piedmont Avenue north of Haste Street about 8:00 p.m. Wednesday night. The victim was transported via ambulance to Highland Hospital after sustaining cuts on his head and abrasions on his hands.
Trump executive order on immigration shakes Berkeley community. Iranian international student Omid Shams Solari, a PhD candidate in statistics, said he'd planned to get a job in the US and start on the road to citizenship but has begun to consider applying for graduate programs in other countries.
What can you really do with a BA in psych?
PSA: Asian girls beware! Rice chasers are on the prowl!
Art History @ Berkeley
MEETUP TOMORROW. Show up or you're banned.
UPDATE: Impact of Executive Order on UC Berkeley's students, scholars and employees
Sonic as ISP in Berkeley
Unlisted CS 70 lecture webcast muted by YouTube
Climate Change Denier Steven Hayward Now Teaching At UC Berkeley. And I Am In His Class.
Mozilla is recruiting students for a study on Open Source activities on campus
Does anyone have an image of the 2014 admissions cycle rejection letter?
Climate Change Denier Steven Hayward Now Teaching At UC Berkeley. And I Am In His Class.
UC Berkeley Evolutionary Biologist Michael Eisen bids to be first fly biologist in the U.S. Senate
Karim Doumar: Admittedly, serving ice cream at a Berkeley ice cream shop for a parade of ungrateful children, flustered parents and soon-to-be broken-up couples hadn't been my summer 2016 dream. I want only a paid internship this summer, I had told my mom, who simply nodded. Sure, she said.
Charles Siegel: "Berkeley City Council passed a right-to-request law. It allows employees to request part-time work, flexible work hours, predictable work hours, and flexible working arrangements (like telecommuting). Employers can refuse the request if they provide a business reason for refusing."
Ryan Melvin: "There's no shortage of toilets to receive your dump at Cal, but which are the best? The answer depends on a few factors—privacy, cleanliness and in emergency situations. The perfect public bathroom is sparsely populated, regularly cleaned and easily accessible in case of an emergency."
Jihoon Park on his summer internship and clinical psychology PhD dream: "I didn't tell them I was actually there because I had watched a moving Robin Williams movie back in high school." My career counselor: "most people don’t end up doing work they are genuinely passionate about — and that's OK."
Art Rosenfeld, a Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Distinguished Scientist Emeritus who is California's "godfather" of energy efficiency and has been credited with being personally responsible for billions of dollars in energy savings, died Friday at his home in Berkeley, California. He was 90.
Transfer Student Question About Unit Ceiling
Art History @ Berkeley
What can you really do with a BA in psych
Advice for potential transfer student re: housing
Potential transfer student w/questions re: housing
me_irl
Transfer Student Question About Unit Ceiling
To people affiliated with the Psych department
Associate math professor Katrin Wehrheim and Troy Worde, of the Berkeley College Republicans, discuss the scheduled campus visit of controversial Alt-Right Breitbart writer Milo Yiannopoulos.
After years of proposals and discussions, Berkeley City Council unanimously agreed on a new General Fund Reserve policy, often called a rainy day fund. It raises the reserve to a minimum 13.8% of fiscal year 2017 general fund revenues and aims to hit 16.7% by the end of FY2020.
As the campus struggles to house an influx of students, UC Berkeley's housing task force has drawn up nine potential locations for new student housing — including People's Park, the site of the historic "Bloody Thursday" protest and clash in 1969.
New Student Services is hiring 1,000 orientation leaders for its new Golden Bear Orientation, which will replace CalSO, for 2017-18. In return the orientation leaders will have access to priority registration for Phase I of their spring 2018 class enrollment and opportunities for career development.
Members of campus group Cal Climbing are used to scaling structures naked. Students sighted some unclothed students climbing on Sather gate Tuesday night — a stunt that turned out to be the final photoshoot for campus group Cal Climbing's forthcoming nude calendar, which is set to be sold for $10.
Reminder: Counseling and Psychological Services allows students 5 free individual appointments.
From Berkeley to Breitbart: How Cal grad Alex Marlow became the first Breitbart employee and helped get Donald Trump elected
Does anyone know if past NUSCTX 10 exams can be found online?
Chancellor’s message on campus appearance by Milo Yiannopoulos
Best places to eat WestSide Berkeley?
How to network with people?
I'm visiting my freshman friend at Berkeley and I have a few questions.
Can you do both your American History + American Institutions Requirement outside of Berkeley?
18-month trainee program in the U.S. and Europe (for Master and Bachelor graduates)
Transport prep for visitors
The apartment complex where a balcony sheared off June 16, 2015 sending six adults to their deaths has been completely rebranded to hide all traces of the tragedy. Library Gardens at 2020 Kittredge St. is now known as the K Street Flats. It's no longer a Mediterranean-style yellow but a bright blue.
45 Cal students are enrolled in a Challenge Lab at Sutardja Center for Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology, a practicum pitting teams against one another to develop the most innovative plant-based meat. A panel of plant-based meat experts will judge the proposals. Students have a chance of winning $5,000.
Is rent control succession a thing in Berkeley?
Undocumented immigrant Arturo Fernandez is a fourth-year Ph.D. student in statistics at UC Berkeley. He is a DACA student. If Trump repeals DACA, students would lose work-study. For graduate students like Fernandez, it would strip them of their tuition and fee remissions for their graduate research.
Sign up with UberEATS and earn top dollars, bigger bonuses and better rewards! Start working as soon as the next day! Work whenever you want! ** THE PERFECT JOB FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS, LET'S GO OSKI WOW-WOW!! ** 🐻 🚘🍴💰
The American Apparel on Telegraph Avenue will be closing on or about April 30. The store has about 20 employees, a few of which are UC Berkeley students. All 110 American Apparel retail stores in the US will be closing after being acquired by Gildan Activewear, Inc, a Canadian clothing manufacturer.
The city of Berkeley could lose up to $11.5 million in federal funds if President Donald Trump goes through with his promise to punish sanctuary cities that refuse to comply with immigration law. Berkeley is one of more than 300 self-described sanctuary cities around the country.
CS61B Data structure-- Homework 5 -- Seam Carving--Need some help
Why are Haas students known as snakes?
Potentially dumb question, where do Berkeley students find housing?
Self-studying CS189
Social Organizations on Campus
OOS vs. IS acceptance rates?
The East Bay punk explosion: How a scene rose from the ashes to create a music mecca [story link in comments]
Large pool of blood found near Etcheverry Hall
What's happening with Andronico's on Northside? RIP? :(
Kentucky Fucked Chicken
Socialist Alternative is planning to protest Milo. Stop them.
Best way to get to golden gate park?
Getting A's in EECS (Truly lost)
vmix 17
What are my chance at pre-med/pre-health? I have a terrible fucking GPA as a Chemistry B.S Major (2.8). Had a horrible freshman year due to depression.
January 23, 2017 at 6:18pm a robbery occurred near Minor Hall Addition and Hertz Hall. The male victim, a student, was near the northwest corner of Minor when the male suspect approached. The suspect demanded the victim's property while making a motion as if he had a gun but no gun was seen.
New study of upward mobility at colleges: At Berkeley, among students in the 2000s, access to education was available to 9% of parents in the bottom income quintile, with 55% of students moving from the bottom to the top income bracket, and 9 percent of students moving from the bottom to the top 1%.
Berkeley J-School alums Daphne Matziaraki and lecturer Dan Krauss named Academy Award finalists. Matziaraki's thesis film "4.1 Miles" is on the refugee crisis in her native Greece. She is competing with Extremis, the documentary from her own J-School instructor, Dan Krauss, about end-of-life cases.
Jesse Arreguín: Berkeley has never and will never bow down to fear. Our city will remain a sanctuary city. While Donald Trump may threaten to cut funding—even if this does become a reality—it will not significantly impact Berkeley. No amount of federal funding is worth betraying our Berkeley values.
Police have identified the two people found dead in their apartment Monday in Berkeley as Roger Hanna Morash, 35, and Valerie Morash, 32. Valerie Morash was a researcher at Smith-Kettlewell Eye Research Institute in San Francisco. Val had a Master's in Statistics and a PhD in Psychology from Cal.
Op-ed: Milo Yiannopoulos and the alt-right don't deserve your protest; it only encourages them — Berkeleyside
MCB 165 and dropping error?
Any classes still open?
Looking to rush a social fraternity with immediate benefits?
Psych 1 Course Capture
Am I on a waitlist?
Graduating without completing breadths?
Why is Stat 134 a 3 unit class?
In 1962, Ed Roberts became the first student with a serious disability to attend an American university, UC Berkeley. Zona Roberts, Ed Roberts' mother, is concerned about President Trump's promised changes to healthcare. Zona herself earned a teaching certificate from Cal in 1969, at the age of 49.
In 1962, Ed Roberts, who had post-polio quadriplegia, and whose breathing depended on an iron lung, became the first student with a serious disability to attend an American university, UC Berkeley. Zona Roberts, Ed Roberts' mother, is concerned about President Trump's promised changes to healthcare.
Police are looking for two men involved in an armed robbery on the UC Berkeley campus. Two suspects came up to a man at 9:21 p.m. near Carleton and Ellsworth streets and asked for his property before striking him with a pistol. Suspects: two black men between 18 and 20 with medium builds and height.
Three UC Berkeley students founded a company dedicated to connecting startups in India with resources from Silicon Valley, providing mentorship and funding for these new organizations. Abhinav Kukreja, Anish Prabhu and Aryaman Dalmia launched Moonshot in May 2016.
Berkeley police and firefighters are on the scene at 3028 Deakin St. to investigate the mysterious deaths of two people and two cats. The building was evacuated. Deakin is currently closed between Prince and Webster streets. The hazmat team has not found anything that indicates what has happened.
UCPD initially charged Berkeley College Republicans an estimated $10,000 security fee to host the event, which was reduced to $6,500. BCR has obtained funding for the fee. BCR Internal Vice President Pieter Sittler: "Funders want to remain anonymous, I'll leave it at that."
Just moved!
Things to do for Lunar New Year
CS61B Berkeley - Data Structures Need help for Lab 12: Merge and Quick Sort
EE 127 textbook PDF?
How necessary are club info sessions?
Just noticed that lots of franchise restaurants are propping up in Berkeley. Why?
Fight the Right. Join the Socialists - meeting at UC Berkeley in Barrows this week 1/26
Rainbow over the Campanile following today's hailstorm
For those that are really confused right now...
Does anyone know if you can join 2 co-ed IM soccer teams if one is competitive and the other is recreational?
[Meetup Reminder] THIS COMING SUNDAY, January 29th. 12pm sharp at Indian Flavors Express.
What are the essential CS courses at Berkeley?
Got a new computer, how do I get free Microsoft word?
CS Transfer from Davis odds?
How soon after graduation does Handshake access end?
CS Transfer from Davis odds?
Does anyone have the solution manual for Stewart's Calculus: Early Transcendentals 8th Edition? [Math 53 Textbook]
January 23rd's Google doodle commemorates Ed Roberts (1939-95), the first student with severe disabilities to attend UC Berkeley, a pioneer of the disability rights movement. While at Cal, a dean famously commented, "We've tried cripples before and it didn't work."
January 23rd's Google doodle commemorates Ed Roberts (1939-95), the first student with severe disabilities to attend UC Berkeley, a pioneer of the disability rights movement. While at Cal, a dean famously commented, "We've tried cripples before and it didn't work."
1/23rd's Google doodle commemorates Ed Roberts (1939-95), the first student with severe disabilities to attend UC Berkeley, a pioneer of the disability rights movement. While at Cal, a dean famously commented, "We've tried cripples before and it didn't work."
Can someone explain what these courses are?
Berkeley Forum announces spring 2017 speaker lineup. Speakers include Carla Hayden (14th librarian of Congress), Justin Kan (founder of Twitch.tv), Erwin Chemerinsky (dean of the UC Irvine School of Law), Albert Bourla (EVP of Pfizer), and Amy Ziering (producer of documentary "The Hunting Ground").
Berkeley Forum announces spring 2017 speaker lineup. Speakers include Carla Hayden (14th librarian of Congress), Justin Kan, (founder of Twtich.tv), Erwin Chemerinsky (dean of the UC Irvine School of Law), Albert Bourla (EVP of Pfizer), and Amy Ziering (producer of documentary "The Hunting Ground").
Hundreds of people showed up to march at Cal Saturday in what turned out to be a fake protest organized by a prankster who later identified himself as a Russian national. But the march went on anyway. The name of the organizer of the march was changed on the website from Sam Cox to "Pepe the Frog."
City Council candidates Kate Harrison and Ben Gould (Cal grad student) discussed development and affordable housing at a sparsely populated District 4 election forum Thursday hosted by League of Women Voters Berkeley, Albany, Emeryville. Mail-in ballots for the election will be sent starting Feb. 6.
City Councilmember Lori Droste made the trek to Washington, D.C. over the weekend to protest the inauguration of Donald Trump. Droste: "(My wife and I) have a lot personally at stake too. We have two kids, but (we have) a nontraditional family and many friends who are afraid of their status."
A man who has not been identified was found dead outside in North Berkeley's popular Gourmet Ghetto neighborhood at 2044 Hearst Ave. Sunday morning. It may be the latest in a series of troubling deaths outside of people sleeping on Berkeley streets.
New DARS website?
To any Cal student looking for an adventure, there's no place better than Tahoe!
Is anyone running any dnd groups around here?
Any Visiting Researchers on here?
CREAM price raise... again. :(
Carpooling options to Stanford
Martha Ekdahl on residents' disinterest in housing new residents: "What I heard at a Berkeley Neighborhoods Council meeting — cursing and bullying what was already happening but offering no solution to what was seen as a problem — reminded me of the current Republican party."
Safeway bought Andronico's in November and plans to rebrand its grocery stores into Safeway markets. As of Saturday, an "everything must go" sale is underway at the North Berkeley store at 1550 Shattuck Ave.
A Cal women's march had 200 people who gathered on Memorial Glade, carrying signs "Love Trumps Hate" and "Women's Rights are Human Rights." Tracey Iglehart, a Rosa Parks Elementary teacher, saw the marches empower her students, who stayed up late the previous night making posters for the marches.
4.9% of Cal students came from a poor family but became a rich adult. The median family income is $119,900, and 54% come from the top 20%. Researchers tracked 30 million students born between 1980 and 1991, linking anonymized tax returns to attendance records from nearly every US college.
John Bird was searching the Mark Twain archives at Cal when he came across the notes for a children's fairy tale Twain titled "Oleomargarine". In 2017, Philip and Erin Stead adapted it into "The Purloining of Prince Oleomargarine". Twain's papers at Cal are a vast archive of over 500 manuscripts.
John Bird was searching the Mark Twain archives at Cal when he came across the notes for a children's fairy tale Twain titled "Oleomargarine". In 2017, Philip and Erin Stead adapted it into "The Purloining of Prince Oleomargarine". Twain's papers at Cal are a vast archive of over 500 manuscripts.
Looking for date ideas -- New to Berkeley
Data Science?
Carpooling options to Stanford
UC Berkeley students protest President Donald Trump's inauguration
Professors still without answers in understanding projector technology (x-post /r/ucdavis)
Rainbow Over Campanile
The back cover for the latest issue of the Heuristic Squelch...
How many CS majors are there?
Free VR Design Meetup in Oakland with Facebook Design Team (RSVP with link - limited spots)
Anywhere in/around Berkeley to get end of season snow gear for cheap?
Double Rainbow over downtown Berkeley, Jan. 20 2017
Any ideas for things to do on Valentine's Day around Berkeley/SF?
How do you guys read efficiently for your social science/ humanities classes?
Catherine Straus to BCR: "Bringing a speaker such as Milo to UC Berkeley does not change ideas or facilitate discussions; it will further alienate already disillusioned and frustrated liberals, and reinforce, legitimize and empower the hateful ideologies of those who agree with his views."
Andrea Platten on her father for saying "You could do better" in fourth-grade math: "I think about how, when Dad dies, he will leave behind a well-educated daughter who never understood her father [who] never understood her. It's hard to justify how I could love someone who has repeatedly hurt me."
Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín on Trump's inauguration: "As we begin this new chapter in American history, we must be vigilant and raise our voice to ensure that our future is written by we the people, and not an elite handful of billionaires."
Daily Cal Editorial Board: After six years, UC students again face the possibility of increased tuition. This time, it's not only reasonable—it's necessary, for all the wrong reasons. The $282 hike asks in-state students to pay a share of the burden that their nonresident peers had shouldered alone.
Hundreds walked out of their classes about noon Friday and met to rally at Sproul Plaza, where they joined with Berkeley High School students and others to protest the inauguration of President Donald Trump and march to Oakland. The coalition organized more than 30 teach-ins that started at 8 a.m.
ADHD accommodations
Can someone explain the Haas memes?
Announcing InternCompass: a platform for discovering and sharing internship experiences
Spicy food suggestions?
Receiving ADHD accommodations from DSP
rushing a pre-health fraternity?
rushing an academic frat?
Need survey respondents for class work. Please help out if you can spare 5 minutes. Thanks in advance! :D
What's going on on telegraph?
Unlisted webcasts for cs161, cs186, and ee126
Remove unit cap
Dropping a course, need two extra units to reach min. 13
Chris Tril, founder of Facebook group UC Berkeley Memes For Edgy Teens: "The masses think it's funny to bash EECS majors for being virgins and not showering yet start a shitshow when a meme is made about Sather Gate protesters." You can't post anything edgy without someone calling for your head.
Pacific School of Religion discontinued plans to construct a senior living community in North Berkeley that was protested by many surrounding residents and PSR students. PSR cited "changes in the local political landscape". Several council candidates who supported building preservation were elected.
Lisa Jadwin, sister of UC Davis alum and alcoholic Laura Jadwin, 55, who died in a lot Friday, wrote to Berkeleyside about Laura's life. "What is really hard to say is that our family knew that she had chosen to be homeless." In November she left a shelter where she wouldn't be allowed to drink.
During the first regular ASUC meeting of the semester, ASUC President Will Morrow updated the senators on the new chancellor search, stating the search committee has narrowed down a list of semifinalists. He was unable to release any names but confirmed the list contained women and people of color.
David Craig, Berkeley College Republicans treasurer, said one of his classes was canceled because of the Trump inauguration protest. He thinks professors canceling class are depriving students who voted for Trump the education they paid for and should protest in their spare time as private citizens.
Berkeley prepares to resist the Trump agenda, protest the inauguration. "We provide a travel guide to the movement, from the banging of pots and the Ghostlight Project through an anti-inauguration Blue Ball and three Women's Marches."
CS/Engineering clubs on campus?
Reminder for tomorrow
Where to watch the inauguration tomorrow morning? And/or the inevitable protests of it?
Financial aid concerns, paper check requests lead to long first-day waits at Cal Student Central
Favorite bars for young people in Berkeley?
How the heck do you get one of those white "private desk" pod thingies on 5th floor Moffitt?
Does it mean you're attractive if sororities try to solicit you when you're walking through Sproul?
Need help with class survey work. Thank you in advance! :D
CS senior thesis at Stanford
Super Duper Burger is coming to Berkeley. Taking over what was the Smart Alec's location
Best place to get sushi in Berkeley/Oakland area that won't break the bank?
Berkeley CS61B Data Structure -- Looking for the library ucb.junit.textui to complete HomeWork 8: Graphs
Any coding decals out there for beginners?
Is the parking lot at the south east corner of Bancroft and Dana still there?
Is the parking lot at the south east corner of Bancroft and Dana still there?
James Ackerman, 97, a noted art historian whose books on the architecture of Michelangelo and Palladio are enduring classics, has died. It was when he was beginning his teaching career at Cal that he was asked to write a survey of Michelangelo's architecture for a series of architectural monographs.
Equality of Opportunity Project: UC Berkeley is the top-ranked college in the nation, according to upper-tail upward mobility: it has the largest fraction of students who come from families in the bottom fifth and end up having earnings in the 1% among colleges with at least 500 students per cohort.
Fliers with anti-Semitic and homophobic messages were printed to departments around UC Berkeley this past weekend. Some of the fliers said "we take power on the 20th" in reference to President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. A similar incident occurred in March 2016.
A group of homeless activists, and those who provide services to people without homes, gathered on the steps of City Hall Tuesday night to remember Laura Jadwin, 55, whose body was found Saturday under a tree in a lot on Martin Luther King Jr. Way.
The new Taco Bell Cantina at 2528-B Durant Ave. is now open. Targeting budget-conscious Cal students, it is a slightly more upscale iteration of the chain. It features alcoholic beverages and an expanded menu including "shareable" home-style nachos, beef taquitos, and chicken tenders.
EECS, pay attention
What are a few good places to eat lunch inside for when it's raining?
In case you missed this, anyone down?
What bars in and around berkeley have the news/C-SPAN playing on TVs?
If you can, please spare 5 minutes to take a survey for my class work. Thank You!
Has anyone been to Lewis 100 recently?
What do y'all use to file tax returns after summer internships?
What happens if you don't clear academic probation but meet all requirements to graduate?
When the course reader for Reich's Wealth and Poverty class is $75
CS 9 Entrance Quiz
Lux, Lucis
grad students in co-ops
Taking 3 Upper Div Physics classes this semester?
Wanting to transfer into Berkeley College of Engineering
Neil Lawrence's open letter to Milo Yiannopoulos: "If you'd like a transgender Berkeley student to direct your firehose of impotent rage at, I offer myself. I'm a Jewish anarchist drag queen with no eyebrows. I dare you to put up pictures of me—I look fantastic. Tell that crowd to laugh at me."
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board on BCR's invitation to Milo Yiannopoulos: "In inviting him, BCR demonstrates it is not a club dedicated to the preservation of free speech and open dialogue on campus. … Cal deserves a better representative of conservative thought than a divisive troll."
Berkeley's new Second Street homeless shelter is popular but not everyone wants it. It has storage space and takes dogs. Kimble Welch likes being homeless in Berkeley because "the cops are nice." Melissa Hanson, 77, who's lived on the streets, is on waiting lists in several cities for senior housing
Berkeley police officers made an arrest Tuesday shortly after 3am after interrupting a sexual assault in the area of Telegraph Avenue and Haste Street that sent one woman to the hospital. The man arrested was Theodore Johnson, 46, of Oakland. His listed occupation is "homeless."
Pablo Gomez Jr., 22, was arraigned in Alameda County Superior Court Tuesday on four felony counts—including murder, attempted murder and residential robbery—involving three female victims. Authorities ultimately took the Cal student into custody after he checked into a hospital in the Burbank area.
Class Pass renewal for Spring - neccesary?
Looking for someone to take my place in housing, any interest?
What's the point of EECS/CS career info sessions beyond food + resume?
Any open breadth classes?
Cal head coach Justin Wilcox gives his opening press conference
Sociology parties/events?
Sociology parties/events?
When will fall grades be added to transcripts?
Suggestions to learn skills for trading?
Anyone have any theories why my RSF membership worked last semester even though I graduated spring 16?
Start of Semester Means Overcrowded RSF -- More Than You Ever Wanted to Know About Gym Crowding Using Machine Learning
MEETUP UPDATE!! Moved to a different date. SUNDAY JANUARY 29TH. 12pm sharp. @ Indian Flavors Express on Bancroft Way between Telegraph Ave and Bowditch St.
Calcentral transcripts?
Andrea Platten, Daily Cal managing editor, noted DC adopted "they" as a singular pronoun last February. "[Pablo] Gomez, specifically, chooses to identify as 'they,' and we believe that any person's preferred pronoun should be honored, regardless of whether they are accused of committing a crime."
Administrators received hundreds of letters demanding they bar Milo Yiannopoulos from speaking Feb 1 on his "Dangerous Faggot" tour. IB professor Robert Dudley pointed out Cal allowed a 2012 visit by Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan who has been accused of anti-Semitism, racism and homophobia.
Cal football season-ticket renewals are down 30% after their latest uninspiring season. Alumni: What’s driving them away are the late-night contests whose starting times aren't finalized until a few days before the game — all to serve the Pac-12 conference's new master, its megabucks TV contract.
On May 17, 1967, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., spoke out against the Vietnam War on the steps of Sproul Hall. The civil rights leader told students: "You, in a real sense, have been the conscience of the academic community and our nation." A photograph was taken by Berkeley photographer Helen Nestor.
Justin Wilcox has landed his first major recruit as head coach of the Cal football team: new offensive coordinator Beau Baldwin. Baldwin has been the head coach at Eastern Washington, an FCS program, and has compiled an 85-32 record since 2008. He won the 2010 FCS national championship.
Aviation decal
What are some easy classes to fill units?
We are at risk of losing a major part of our identity because of desires of millionaire's to increase their wealth. I'm working hard to build a grassroots campaign to keep it.
As you enjoy your Martin Luther King Jr. Day, I present to you his "The American Dream" speech.
What happened to memorial stadium gym?
[Meetup] Next Sunday, January 22nd, 12pm sharp. @ Indian Flavors Express on Bancroft Way between Telegraph Ave and Bowditch St. Bring umbrellas for the rain.
[#9] Welcome to Hell, Spring admit Freshmen. Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Rep. Barbara Lee, who represents Berkeley, announced she'll be boycotting Donald Trump's inauguration. Lee: "I will not be celebrating or honoring an incoming president who rode racism, sexism, xenophobia and bigotry to the White House." Lee also refused to certify Trump's electoral-college victory.
The Creation of People's Park. In 1967, Cal exercised its eminent domain rights and evicted student renters from their home. But despite the supposed need for a soccer field, Cal didn't develop the site and it became a vacant lot. A local activist suggested it be turned into a park, People's Park.
Tom White found the body of a homeless woman near Berkeley High School at 10:15am on Saturday. White: "It appears that she had been drinking (there was a bottle with her) and then she must have died of hypothermia." The temperature Friday night dropped to 39 degrees.
The Friday late-night demolition of an 18-unit apartment building near the Cal campus at 2631 Durant Ave. raised questions from residents. A representative of Peninsula Hauling told Berkeleyside the hours had been picked to avoid too much scrutiny related to air quality or environmental inspectors.
In a Jan. 13 update on the new CalCentral system, users were notified up-to-date cumulative GPAs, cumulative units and summer 2016 courses on the site would be delayed because of data migration. Students post complaints and feedback in the Facebook group CalCentral Bugfinders, which has 500 members.
How long do overriding class conflicts take to process?
Rushing frats alone
Internship during the semester
I got registered for two classes that are at the same time???
Its that time of the year again, so I thought I would post my google drive with common uc berkeley textbook pdfs and ebooks
CalCentral has incorrect "level" standing?
Any good 3 unit classes still available?
Would anyone want to attend UC Berkeley's Women's March? RSVP here
Sеx withоut love relatiоn. Onlу Sex
Would anyone want to attend UC Berkeley's Women's March? RSVP here!
Forgot to pay tuition by Jan 13th...
Confused by L&amp;S 60 unit Requirement
DEBATE TIME: Is a DDOS equivalent to sit-in?
Which frats to rush
Which frats to rush
Can we create a ranking of workload of CS classes?
Charlotte Allen in the conservative Weekly Standard on the January 6 stabbing death of 27-year-old Emilie Inman in Berkeley and the arrest of the alleged killer: "The Inman murder tells us everything we need to know about navy-blue California. The cast of characters alone tells the story."
Should I be concerned? (Physics Major)
The family foundation of the late Berkeley alum Helen Diller gave UCSF $500 million. The gift is the largest single donation in UC history and one of the largest ever given to a US university. Diller had met her husband, Sanford, at Cal, and later helped him found the Prometheus Real Estate Group.
Former Berkeley High basketball couch Mark DeLuca, who last season led Berkeley to the Northern California Division I championship, has been released from a hospital after suffering a heart attack. In 3 seasons at BHS, DeLuca led the Yellowjackets to a 67-25 record. He now works at Valley Christian.
Learning from the mistakes of our allies: How Breitbart, "the platform for the 'alt-right'," views the protests at UC Davis.
It's rare a relatively unscathed mid-century modern home comes on the market in Berkeley at any price, so to see a listing for a 1954 house boasting Golden Gate Bridge views with a price tag of just $749,000 surprises. The evaluation also made clear, however, that it is a "major fixer."
About 6 a.m. Friday a male student awoke at International House to find a Black male suspect in his 20s and 5' 8'', stealing his laptop. When the victim awoke, the suspect fled. It is a hot prowl burglary, which describes a situation in which a burglar enters a home while someone is present.
Is the taco bell on Durant open yet?
3rd on waitlist for German R5B, 4th semester...am I screwed?
2nd semester Sophomore, 3rd on waitlist for German R5B...am I screwed?
3rd on the waitlist for German R5B...chances of getting in?
California hires Justin Wilcox as new head coach!
Official: Justin Wilcox Named California Head Football Coach
Are any sororities having spring rush?
Anyone have extra tickets to the Berkley Milo Yiannopoulos event?
Cal tried to fire Sonny Dykes for cause. Failed. $5.88 million buyout looming
Would it be worth it to transfer from here to another CSU?
Haas Self Reported Academics Question
adjunct math 98
Sign Up For New EECS/CS Decal!
Yiannopoulos, Shkreli event canceled after protests erupt at UC Davis
Murder suspect Pablo Gomez Jr. was booked into Berkeley Jail after 5:20pm Thursday and will appear 9am Tuesday, Jan. 17, for an arraignment hearing, in Department 112 at Wiley W. Manuel Courthouse in downtown Oakland at 661 Washington St. He'd been transferred into Berkeley custody Thursday morning.
Cryptography and security researcher Tobias Boelter, a Cal EECS graduate student, discovered a flaw in the WhatsApp software, now owned by Facebook and used by more than 1 billion people. The bug would allow messages to be intercepted despite end-to-end encryption, posing a threat to privacy.
Berkeley police investigators made an arrest Thursday in the city's last homicide of 2016. They arrested Jacob Felipe, 19, in connection with the fatal shooting Sept. 22 at Fairview and Harper streets of Gregory Ignacio Jr., 19. When he was taken into custody he was carrying a concealed, loaded gun.
Two new scholarships named in honor of murder victim Emilie Inman, 27, at Sienna Ranch and the Bay Area Center for Waldorf-Teacher Training will be available as of next school year. Inman was born in Paris and moved to San Luis Obispo, California, at the age of 10.
Intentional failing discouraged by CS policy change. John DeNero: CS teaching load more than tripled from the 2007-08 school year to 2015-16, yet the faculty grew by 18 percent. Chris Hunn: The number of undeclared students enrolled in lower division CS classes—the CS61 series and CS70— is 1,939.
EE16A fall 2016 homework solutions
ee16a fall 2016 hw solutions
Chances of getting off Math 136 Waitlist?
ee16a homework solutions
Subject tests required for computer science at college of letters and sciences?
Cal and Wisconsin defensive coordinator Justin Wilcox have reached a verbal agreement on 5-year coaching deal.
Cal and Wisconsin defensive coordinator Justin Wilcox have reached a verbal agreement on a 5-year coaching deal
What's a "Hot Prowl"?
Interested in amateur radio? Try the Hands-on Ham Radio DeCal!
As a member of ....
Where to buy
Physics H7C was just cancelled. Anyone know why?
Physics 105 with no prerequisites
I don't know whether to post this to r/mildlypenis or r/midlyvagina
Keep Berkeley Weird
RSF Hours with Least People
Questions about graduate housing
Julia Schwartz: "There's been considerable right-wing media outrage over Berkeleyside's decision to use preferred gender pronouns of Pablo Gomez Jr. While some may use this tragedy to mobilize queerphobia I'd insist one can mourn the loss of a life without taking away Gomez's right to their gender."
UC announced Thursday Kathleen Salvaty—who recently worked as the Title IX coordinator at UCLA—has been named the UC system's first systemwide Title IX coordinator. Salvaty will lead direct adjudication and sanctioning in alleged situations of sexual misconduct involving students, faculty and staff.
The Berkeley Police Department Traffic Bureau will conduct a DUI/Driver's License Checkpoint on Friday, January 13, 2017, on University Avenue at Bonar Street, westbound traffic, between the hours of 8:00p. and 3:00.m. Drivers are encouraged to download the Designated Driver VIP (DDVIP) mobile app.
Wisconsin defensive coordinator Justin Wilcox, 40, is in contract negotiations to become Cal’s new head coach. Ge spent one season in Madison in 2016 and led the Badgers to become the nation's No. 7 team in total defense. Wilcox was the linebackers coach at Cal from 2003-05 under Jeff Tedford.
Financial aid began to disburse on Jan. 10 and would likely cover the minimum payment required for the campus' Cancel for Non-Payment policy. Students expressed discontent with the Financial Aid and Scholarship Office's lack of response to phone calls on Reddit.
Stats 133 vs CS C8?
[FREE EVENT] California Native Wildlife Photography Exhibit
DeNero vid vs Hilfinger vids
Join us! #J20 action on campus. We say fight back!
EECS professor Kris Pister answers the question "What GPA do I need to get into a decent grad program (top 10)?" He writes, "Unfortunately there is a significant amount of randomness in the process."
Keep Berkeley Weird
As a person not native to the bay, can someone explain why are there SO many print shops around the Berkeley campus?
Do I have to request a final transcript be sent to me or will they send it out automatically after graduation is confirmed?
What's the deal with the 'no bag policy' at the RSF?
Letter of Recommwndations
Getting into Haas as a transfer?
Sign up for new EECS/CS Decal!
Local art, music and food at Highwire cafe tomorrow (Thursday)
In Cal sociology professor Arlie Hochschild's first book, written when she was 9, she asked a number of questions, including "Why are some houses so big and others so small?" Her latest book, researched over five years in Louisiana with Tea Party supporters, is "Called Strangers in their Own Land."
Cal has created an interim dean position to lead the development of the new Division of Data Science. The initiative to create the position and division was largely fueled by faculty. David Culler: The position will give data science "a seat at the table" when deans are discussing on-campus issues.
Located in the gigantic former Perdition Smokehouse space, Korean restaurant Berkeley Social Club is the brainchild of co-owner Steven Choi, who has seven other restaurants in the Bay Area, many of which are known for Korean-inspired breakfast dishes and something called "Millionaire's Bacon."
Emilie Juliette Inman, 27, a UC Santa Cruz environmental studies graduate, was found stabbed to death in her Berkeley home. She became a teacher in the Bay Area, where she shared her passion for arts and sciences at the Bay Area Center for Waldorf Teacher Training with young children.
Emilie Juliette Inman, 27, a UC Santa Cruz environmental studies graduate was found stabbed to death in her Berkeley home. She became a teacher in the Bay Area, where she shared her passion for arts and sciences at the Bay Area Center for Waldorf Teacher Training with young children.
Pablo Gomez Jr., 22, a UC Berkeley student and murder suspect, is on a psychiatric hold while in the custody of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department. Gomez was being held Monday without bail. Berkeley police plan to travel to Los Angeles to interview him and bring him back to Alameda County.
Emilie Juliette Inman, 27, a UC Santa Cruz environmental studies graduate was found stabbed to death in her Berkeley home. She become a teacher in the Bay Area, where she shared her passion for arts and sciences at the Bay Area Center for Waldorf Teacher Training with young children.
Financial aid refund
UC Berkeley professors request cancellation for Milo Yiannopoulos talk
Just noticed we play UNC week 1 next year, then host Ole Miss week 3.
CS 188 lectures missing on the website
Econ Major re-applying question
Need help clarifying econ major gpa
The Kids are Alt-Right: The UC Berkeley Republican Students Behind the Milo Event
This is Charlie again. Just out of curiosity what book was this card in ? Was it an atlas or encyclopedia?
UC Berkeley Extension Certificate Program in Software Development and Programming - Is it worth it?
Learning squats and deadlift
Animation at UC Berkeley?
A new branch of Coder School is opening at the corner of Rose and Shattuck, providing an after-school, drop-off program for kids aged 8-18 to learn coding. This will be its seventh Bay Area location. The branch is co-owned by four Cal grads: Lynna Tsou, David Tjen, and Kelly and Michael Scribner.
Open letter from 101 Cal professors calling for cancellation of Milo Yiannopoulos event due to his "white supremacy, transphobia and misogyny": "We support both freedom of speech and academic freedom … We support robust debate, but we cannot abide by harassment, slander, defamation and hate speech."
Cal senior Jessica Nunez, one of murder suspect Pablo Gomez's classmates, said he stopped attending a class early in the fall semester after an argument he'd started with the professor regarding use of gender specific pronouns in course texts. He resumed going to class at the end of the semester.
Charlie Sinks, a third year law student: "My 8-month-old son usually spends his days at a daycare center run by UC Berkeley's Early Childhood Education Program (ECEP), but on Jan. 10, he's going to support his teachers and thousands of other UC employees by going out on strike with them."
Members of Berkeley College Republicans and other students were victims of a cyber attack Friday, which exposed their private information in a public post online. The group Northern California Anti-Racist Action published the post in opposition to BCR's February event featuring Milo Yiannopoulos.
Sign up for new EECS/CS Decal!
CS major graduating with no internship. Will I be okay?
#22 on waitlist for UGBA152 - chances of getting in?
Policy to prevent purposely failing CS classes to declare CS almost in place
Should I keep my hopes up if I'm #1 on the waitlist for a 30 people discussion section?
Negative credit balance in CalCentral after financial aid disbursed.
How long does the major declaration process take to become official (economics)?
units in L and S
#177 on UGBA 10 waitlist, chances of getting in?
CS major, how to get a job during academic year without workstudy?
What was that loud bang/crash sound that occurred around 1 am in the Northside area??
An attempted armed robbery occurred 5:40pm Tuesday near Le Roy and LeConte. As the female victim was walking toward a bridge, the suspect pointed a gun at her. She fell off the bridge into a ravine. She was treated for resulting injuries. Suspect: Black male in his 20s about 5’8″ with slight build.
Thousands of clerical and support staff throughout the UC system including at Cal will stage a one-day walkout Tuesday in sympathy with striking workers at UCLA. The workers include electricians, elevator mechanics, plumbers and facilities workers.
Minoo Moallem, a professor of gender and women's studies, teaches the class "Objects and Commodities". Her challenge to the class: Don't use anything made of plastic for 24 hours. Cal senior Tiffany Ma couldn't brush her teeth. She couldn't pour her cereal. Or even check her email.
For 20 years, Joe Lurie was the executive director of International House. In 2016, he published a book drawing together all he had learned. The book is Perception and Deception: A Mind-Opening Journey Across Cultures. Lurie will be discussing the book Jan. 14 at 3pm at the North Berkeley Library.
Pablo Gomez didn't know his murder victim Emilie Inman, 27. A woman on Nextdoor: Gomez knew initial victim who is alive. After attacking her, Gomez went to Ashby house thinking an old friend still lived there. She'd moved out but Inman was there studying. She answered the door. The rest is history.
Overlapping Classes
CS 188 Waitlist
SLC Tutoring Position
New Data Science Major?
What is the difference between Cal Alumni Network (@cal) and Cal Alumni Association
Letter from Christopher Hunn: Leaving Director of Undergraduate Affairs in CS role to become Director of Undergraduate Instruction after Google's funding. "Many have shared their secrets, fears, and dreams, and I never took that lightly. I'm forever touched by the grace and poise that you exhibit."
102 on the CS 61C Waitlist, Chances of Getting In?
How the University of California exploited a visa loophole to move tech jobs to India
Is there a computer with gtx gpu for eecs undergrad?
Valentine's Day ideas?
Non-Payment Cancellation????
POSSIBLE BERKELEY EXCHANGE STUDENT ...ADVICE ?
Breakfast in Berkeley
Heading into the 2017 season, Cal women's gymnastics are ranked an impressive 10th in the national preseason coaches' poll, the highest preseason ranking in Cal women’s gymnastics history. Stanford is ranked 11. Cal gymnasts to keep an eye on in this meet include 2016 Olympian Toni-Ann Williams.
Katy Grimes on Twitter: "Pablo Gomez, UC Berkeley 'Chicanx/Latinx Studies' student, now in custody for a homicide &amp; stabbing Friday. Friends with Steyer and Brown?" The photo shows Gomez with Tom Steyer and Governor Jerry Brown.
Lygos, a clean tech start-up company spun out of Cal in 2011, secured over $21 million over the years for its work on malonic acid made from yeast for use in cosmetics. The genetic editing tools the company uses are described by co-founder Eric Steen as "like agile programming, but for biology".
The number of studies submitted to the open-access scholarly journal PLOS ONE has been declining. PLOS was co-founded by Cal MCB professor Michael Eisen, and last year he defended the processing fees the organization charges, as well as its margin of savings, in order to remain financially viable.
Berkeley scientists have discovered a number of new enzyme systems that can be exploited for the revolutionary CRISPR gene-editing technology.
CAL beats USC 74-73
On-campus music rooms with pianos?
Please let it be so
Cal: It's a season too late &amp; we're in debt. We can't afford the payout. Inner Cal: Fire him now.‬
Sonny Dykes has been fired
Sydney Student Winter School Exchange - Tips for Berkley? (Late Jan - Mid Feb)
How rigorous does the MET EECS+Business course look?
Conservative political commentator Ann Coulter commented on Twitter about Berkeley murder suspect Pablo Gomez Jr: "Berkeley student arrested. Article calls Gomez 'they.' Did newspapers call John Hinkley 'Jodi Foster's boyfriend'?"
A fundraiser was held Saturday in Del Mar to help launch a scholarship honoring Torrey Pines High School alum and UC Berkeley student Nicolas Leslie, 20, who was killed in ISIS terrorist attack in Nice, France on July 14, 2016.﻿ The scholarship will provide between $500 to $1,000 to a TPHS graduate.
Zellerbach Hall was the first space in the world to have an elaborate acoustic system of about 40 microphones and 140 speakers, called Constellation, installed, and since then more than 100 venues around the world have followed suit with the Meyer Sound product.
Zeke Hausfather, a graduate student at UC Berkeley and analyst with the nonprofit climate science group Berkeley Earth, and his research team concluded that temperatures during the past 15 years rose just as they did in the latter half of the 20th century.
A homeless tent camp near the North Berkeley Safeway store was dispersed shortly before dawn Friday, marking the 15th time since Oct. 1 that police evicted the same group. Brett Schnaper, a member, grew up in Berkeley and lost his rent-controlled apartment about a year ago.
Local art and music event at Highwire cafe this Thursday! Free entrance!
Ramen
Suspect in custody after Berkeley homicide, stabbing -- Arrested in Burbank, CA
Reminder: Watch out for ants during the rainstorm
#Fight4SpacesOfColor/QARC Organizer on the run from police. Wanted for stabbing and murder in Berkeley (2 victims).
Police have identified the man responsible for Berkeley's first homicide of 2017 as 24-year-old UC Berkeley student Pablo Gomez Jr. of North Hollywood. Gomez has been involved with Cal's Queer Alliance Resource Center. He recently helped organize a chalk protest on campus related to sexual assault.
Alert: Suspect at Large in Berkeley's First Homicide of 2017 from Berkeley Police Department
Two 2012 Berkeley Law graduates landed clerkships with US Supreme Court justices. Greg Miller (Clarence Thomas clerk) had been asked to clerk for Antonin Scalia before Scalia died. Karim Kentfield (Ruth Bader Ginsburg clerk) had been a Google software engineer for 6 years before starting law school.
A doubling of 71-year-old Mildred Howard's rent is forcing out Berkeley's beloved homegrown artist, a woman so revered she was honored by a city proclamation in 2011 declaring March 29th to be Mildred Howard Day. Unable to find anything affordable, Howard, a Berkeley High 1963 graduate, is leaving.
Two 2012 Berkeley Law graduates landed coveted clerkships with U.S. Supreme Court justices. Greg Miller (Clarence Thomas) had been asked to clerk for Antonin Scalia before Scalia died. Karim Kentfield (Ruth Bader Ginsburg) had been a Google software engineer for six years before starting law school.
A Berkeley woman, Emilie Inman, has been missing after the Friday morning stabbing that sent another young woman to the hospital with significant injuries. A Bay Area educator, Inman knew the man who is believed to be responsible for the stabbing, friend Dave Slater told Berkeleyside.
A young woman in her early 20s, who had just been stabbed, flagged down a passer-by for help near Cloyne Court, a UC Berkeley student housing co-op, just after 11:40 a.m. Friday. She is a resident of a Southside co-op and her attacker is a resident of Stebbins Hall, a Northside Cal student co-op.
Weather forecasters are predicting that mammoth amounts of rain will fall in the Bay Area this weekend. From Saturday to Monday, urban areas could see as much as 2.5 to 4.5 inches of rain. It was a chilly 38 degrees in Berkeley Friday morning, but the cold snap is nothing compared to what is coming.
Two 2012 Berkeley Law graduates have landed coveted clerkships with justices of the U.S. Supreme Court. Greg Miller had been asked to clerk for Antonin Scalia before Scalia died. Karim Kentfield had been a Google software engineer for six years before starting law school.
Spring 2017 Financial Aid
Unexpectedly Low Grade. Help!
Quick Question about the Econ Cluster as a Stats Major
IEOR Grad Classes Question
How hard is it to get into Econ Upper Divs as a non-econ major (for the Stats Cluster)?
Help with finding full time employment?
Good places for tutoring?
Has anyone received their Haas supplemental email yet?
IEOR Grad Classes
UC’s tuition increase: A case of funny math
When Cal student Perla Nation saw the latest Star Wars, she was touched by how impressed her father, Pablo Perez, was to hear a main character's thick Mexican accent. She wrote about it on Tumblr, and it was shared widely. Even the actor, Diego Luna, tweeted about it: "I got emotional reading this!"
Cal women basketball's Penina Davidson almost didn't come to Berkeley. Set on attending Stanford, she didn't have a backup plan. When she didn't academically qualify for the Cardinal, her name was brought to the attention of Cal head coach Lindsay Gottlieb by Stanford head coach Tara VanDerveer.
Police are investigating a carjacking of a 2000 black Infiniti I30 Wednesday 10pm in northwest Berkeley in the 1500 block of Seventh Street, near Cedar Street. The carjacking involved three men in dark clothing, in their early 20s, and described as black. At least one man had a gun.
Redshirt junior wide receiver Chad Hansen, perhaps the Cal football team’s biggest and brightest star, announced he has chosen to forgo his senior year to enter the 2017 NFL Draft. The former walk-on entered the season completely off the radar of NFL talent evaluators.
BPD released dramatic surveillance footage of a man who robbed Wells Fargo Bank at 1095 University Ave. in December, and the bank is now offering a $5,000 reward. Witnesses can be seen sprawled out face down on the floor as the man makes his way through the bank, at times pointing his gun at people.
Long Term Shelter Dog needs Home
HS Senior Applied as ORMS major, wondering if this might have screwed me over?
IEOR Grad Classes Question
How to get funds for laptop from financial aid?
Will I get off the CS61B WL @ Position #213?
Financial aid and getting unenrolled?
As an intended Stats major w/ a cluster in CS, would adding a CS minor be worth it?
I am a highschool student who was wondering something about the best path for attending Berkeley.
What does this error message mean? Trying to sign up for a class
Berkeley during Summer
Cal braces for gay provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos. At one talk he held up a trans student's photo, accused her of being a man trying to go into women's bathrooms, and said: "The way you know he's failed is I can still bang him." Cal is considering 40 extra police officers on top of the usual seven.
Cal sports are in big trouble. After completing the most expensive college football stadium overhaul ever, Cal now owes more money than any other college sports program. Hobbled by debt service payments, the athletic department ran a $22 million deficit and will end this fiscal year deep in the red.
A little boy was hurt after a bullet from a drive-by shooting in South Berkeley shattered glass in his apartment. The incident took place at about 11 p.m. Thursday when someone started shooting at a male who was standing in front of his car in the 1400 block of Ward Street, near Sacramento Street.
The UC Board of Regents will weigh a $282 annual tuition increase for the first time since 2011 at its January meeting. Tuition across the UC system would rise by 2.5% in 2017-18. UC Berkeley's in-state tuition and fees are currently $13,510, and out-of-state tuition and fees are $40,192.
BPD arrested escaped sex offender George Blair, 35, at a homeless camp near the North Berkeley Safeway, at 1444 Shattuck Place. He originally was convicted in California after being found guilty of lewd and lascivious acts with two boys, ages 6 and 9.
RSF As Recent December Grad?
Does our bus pass still work if we graduated this past December?
"A trip to Berkeley, Cal." Silent film showing Cal's Northside, circa 1906. (Library of Congress)
has there ever been anything on this sub about the subterranean steam tunnels beneath the UC Berkeley campus?
What's the best place to get a Breakfast Burrito?
Are we supposed to get any confirmation of graduation?
Montagues sandwiches open during break?
Loading...
Street Spirit, the longtime homeless newspaper, was taken over by Youth Spirit Artworks. Donald Cistrunk, 51, hawked Street Spirits near Ashby and Telegraph avenues, Since losing his steady housing in June, he and his wife depend on $80 he makes each eight-hour day to help pay for a motel room.
Berkeley's first protected intersection opened the week before Christmas 2016 at Hopkins Street. Protected intersections are a way to rearrange traffic so people on bikes and cars no longer have to look over their shoulders for each other. There are 12 protected intersections in the United States.
Street Spirit, the longtime homeless newspaper, was taken over by Youth Spirit Artworks. Donald Cistrunk, 51, who hawked Street Spirits near Ashby and Telegraph avenues: Since losing his steady housing in June, he and his wife depend on $80 he makes each eight-hour day to help pay for a motel room.
Led by students, DeCal courses discuss Harry Potter, lion dancing, 3-D bioprinting, and baking. DeCal has survived some embarrassing close calls. In 2002, allegations that students in a class on male sexuality had an orgy and visited a strip club got the class suspended and nearly ended the program.
Charlie Hallowell is planning to open a new restaurant in downtown Berkeley. It is slated to be a second location of his Boot &amp; Shoe Service restaurant and will take over the Build Pizzeria space at 2286 Shattuck Ave.
The Berkeley PTA Council launched a petition demanding BUSD explain why Berkeley High principal Sam Pasarow went on abrupt leave on Dec. 6. He has been praised for his deft handling of the discovery of a racist message on a library computer but has been criticized, however, for "bullying" staff.
Has anyone ever got a referral to a dermatologist through SHIP?
61A + 61B or 61A + 70
Cal Students: Have you experimented with 'nootropics' for an extra boost? How did it work out for you?
Berkeley Summer Session
Berkeley Summer Session
GPA Scale for students applying to berkeley?
Looking for anyone with any knowledge or opinions about leftist group BAMN
Tech Theatre at Berkeley? Please, I would like advice!
Favorite coffee shop in Berkeley?
Berkeley Snapchat
UC Berkeley School Yearbook
Chances of Getting Into Upper Division Math Courses
There were 476 injury traffic collisions in Berkeley in 1941, causing 14 deaths and injuring 650 people. It was chilly in Berkeley. The official Berkeley temperature overnight Dec. 31, 1941 was 33 degrees.
Mathematician Philip S. Wolfe died on December 29. Born in California in 1927, he earned his Ph.D. in Mathematics at the University of California at Berkeley, and went on to become one of the founding fathers of the field of optimization, the mathematics that underlies modern operations research.
After Cal defeated Air Force in the 2015 Armed Forces Bowl in Fort Worth, 55-36, Cal quarterback and senior Cole Webb received a Facebook message via Facebook asking if he wanted to play football in Finland. He had transferred to Cal knowing you can't beat the education in Berkeley.
HBO announced Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds, a documentary chronicling the pair's real-life mother-daughter story, will make an early debut January 7. Bright Lights is co-directed and produced by Alexis Bloom, a graduate of the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism.
Martin Snapp: Jan Vetter, smartest, kindest Cal professor of law, gave me the lowest grade I ever got: "Mr. Snapp demonstrates a remarkable command of legal rules and principles. Unfortunately, they are not legal rules and principles that are observed by any jurisdiction with which I am familiar."
financial aid disbursement?
Favorite place for Breakfast/Brunch in Berkeley?
Prospective transfer, hoping to talk to some students to successfully transferred from out of state.
Geraldine P. Donaldson died Dec. 21 in Paris, Tennessee. She was 95. She attended Cal, where she earned a nursing degree and then served in Hawaii during World War II. Returning to California, she went on to medical school, earning her medical degree at UC San Francisco Medical School in 1951.
Libby Zagaris Leffler and Dr. Michael Clement Hoaglin were married Dec. 31. She graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, worked at Facebook until 2015, and is pursuing an M.B.A. at Harvard. The couple met on Tinder in 2014, and had their first date at a San Francisco bar.
Sreeta Gorripaty heard people tell her, "You're a girl! Your career should come only second to your marriage plans." She writes: "An undergrad at IITB and a PhD pursuit at UC Berkeley later, I am definitely glad I ignored that piece of advice!"
The first game of 2017 for the No. 21 Cal women's basketball team (13–1, 1–1) against No. 18 Arizona State (10–3, 1–1) was also the first of another kind: the first time the Bears have lost a game this season, falling to the Sun Devils, 72–62.
Huston Smith, 97, a renowned scholar of religion, died on Friday at his home in Berkeley. Professor Smith was best known for "The Religions of Man" (1958), which has been a standard textbook in college-level comparative religion classes for half a century. His last teaching post was at Cal.
Favorite meal/dish you've tried in Berkeley?
Solving Guerrilla Sections Problems of CS61B
Happy new year bears!!!
Robert Reich: Why President Trump Will Continue to Hold Rallies after finishing the last of his nine post-election "thank you tours". A president intent on developing a base of enthusiastic supporters who believe bald-faced lies poses a clear threat to American democracy. This is how tyranny begins.
The Space Sciences Laboratory, at the University of California, Berkeley, launched the SETI@home ("SETI at home") project in 1999, to search for possible radio transmissions from extraterrestrial intelligence via public volunteer computing.
Cal psychologists Juliana Breines and Serena Chen examined if helping undergrads be more self-compassionate would impact motivation to change. One group was told: "If you had difficulty with the test you just took, try not to feel bad about yourself—you must be intelligent if you got into Berkeley!"
The 10 biggest Berkeley stories of 2016. Since Jan. 1, 2016, Berkeleyside, with its tiny reporting staff and small roster of contributing writers, has produced just shy of 2,000 stories which drew a total 8.6 million page views from a total of 2.2 million users.
Midnight came early at the Lawrence Hall of Science in Berkeley where kids and parents were showered by a balloon drop. A large crowd is expected Saturday night in San Francisco for New Year's Eve festivities and the big fireworks show.
In response to the upcoming New Year's Eve festivities, AC Transit will be offering free fares from 8 p.m. on Saturday to 5 a.m. on Sunday. The free fares include all AC Transit bus lines throughout the East Bay. Last year about 10,700 people used AC Transit services to travel on New Year's Eve.
Should I do Cognitive Science or Applied Math?
Downgrade Meal Plan
Never change Ashby Bart
If i cancel my enrollment at berkeley, do i lose my email?
Is Math 54 necessary for CS 170 and CS 188?
Is it worth to graduate in 3 years from Grad-School Perspective?
Cal's Wendy Brown to Elizabeth Abel's tenant David Peritz, an academic from Sarah Lawrence: "It's past time for you to leave. And in case you are wondering whether there are any future possibilities of teaching at Berkeley, the answer is an emphatic no. The game is up."
Cal freshman Charlie Moore plays men's basketball with his dad on his mind. His father, Curtis Moore, has struggled to stand up and walk since a devastating, massive stroke almost 16 months ago. From Chicago, Charlie Moore's father watches every game and provides his thoughts and insight afterward.
A historic home at 728 Santa Barbara Rd., formerly owned by WWII Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, is hitting the Berkeley market at $1,995,000. Nimitz also served as UC Berkeley's first professor of Naval Sciences, establishing the East Bay's Naval Reserves Officers' Training Unit in 1926.
Three workers were taken to local hospitals Friday afternoon after being exposed to high levels of carbon monoxide at a building under construction at San Pablo and Folger avenues in Berkeley. The construction workers were assembling a gym inside the building using a gas power washer.
Cal women's basketball team (13-0) added to its perfect record with a 74-64 win over the University of Arizona. Ranked No. 21, Cal will play its next game on Jan. 1 at 2:00 p.m. against No. 18 Arizona State (9-3), a game that will likely pose a threat to its golden record.
Anyone know of a nearby auto glass place for under or around $100
1. Is there a MechE 101 Piazza? 2. Does MechE enforce prereqs? 3. Can non-MechEs with design and EE experience take ME 102B (senior capstone)?
Found an old Postcard in a used book in Maryland. I'd like to get it back to the family If anyone can figure out how.
A Quiet Spot
College Diversity Survey
Study Abroad Questions
Cal's Judith Butler to David Peritz: "I've recently become aware of your scurrilous behavior—squatting in the home of my colleague, Elizabeth Abel. If you're not out of that apartment within five days time, I'll write to every colleague in your field explaining the horrible scam you have committed."
Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Berkeley is one of six Alameda County hospitals that will penalized 1% of their Medicare payments after being cited by the federal government for high rates of patient injuries, which for the first time includes the spread of antibiotic-resistant germs.
Thousands of women knit pink pussy hats to wear at Trump protest marches in Washington D.C. on Jan. 21. Almost every day for the past few weeks Celia McCarthy, who lives in Berkeley, has sat down to knit a pink hat with ears, colloquially known as a "pussy hat."
Two teenagers are in Juvenile Hall after their arrests Wednesday on suspicion of robbery. They had committed armed robberies at North Berkeley BART station and 1500 block of Virginia Street. After their silver sedan ran a red light, an officer turned on lights and sirens but they didn't slow down.
A special screening of the film "Exit Through the Gift Shop" will be held at 7 p.m. Jan. 5 in Berkeley at the Rialto Cinemas Elmwood, 2966 College Ave. to raise funds for the victims of the Dec. 2 Ghost Ship fire in Oakland that claimed 36 lives.
What's a good class to build skills in stats/data analysis for science majors?
Bars showing Ronda Rousey UFC fight?
"The Crazy Story of the Professor Who Came to Stay, and Wouldn't Leave" — well-known UC Berkeley English professor scammed by Sarah Lawrence political scientist
fall graduate, spring graduation
Chem 1B enrollment
Chem 1B enrollment?
Anyone who has taken ASAMST in the past, how mandatory are discussion sections?
Tiny Planet at the Campanile :)
Anybody have a route for fire trails
Server Access for students (with GPUs)
Asha Thomas, the 5-foot-4 playmaker on Cal women's basketball team, was almost literally born in a basketball gym, with her mom going into labor during one of her brother’s tournaments. She is shooting 47.7% from three-point range, a number that would impress even Stephen Curry.
Michelle Malkin: "While prestigious schools such as Cal congratulated themselves for manufacturing 'wonderfully diverse' student bodies ostensibly to make up for the legacy of American slavery, Thomas Sowell reported that more than 70 percent of black students at UC Berkeley failed to graduate."
Wyatt Hodges swam for Purdue University for 4 years, and graduated with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. He is working toward his PhD at Cal, where he is continuing his post grad swimming career and training with the Cal men's swim team. He has qualified for and swam at 2 separate Olympic Trials.
A burrowing owl was found dead in Cesar Chavez Park over Thanksgiving weekend, worrying those trying to protect the birds. Pictures taken of the owl corpse show part of its head gone. Conservationists say the burrowing owl population on the Berkeley/Albany has been declining in recent years.
Some homeless people evicted by police from an Adeline Street median have pitched camp anew, this time on the edge of the Gourmet Ghetto. Many of the campers are affiliated with the group First They Came for the Homeless.
Chem 1B enrollment?
Wait List Number (Lecture vs. Discussion)
STEM Majors: How often you work out?
Chances of getting into a Co-op for next year with 0.75 points?
What are my chances of getting off the waitlist for CS188?
The restoration of Marcel Pagnol's "Fanny" trilogy (1931-36), which celebrates village life in southern France, pleases no one more than Berkeley chef and author Alice Waters, who will introduce each of the films this week at the Berkeley Art Museum's Pacific Film Archive.
Playing video games has become a popular sport. in 2015, each member of the Berkeley eSports Club won a $25,000 scholarship for winning a "Heroes of the Dorm" competition. Cal's eSports Club is a place to have fun and scout for some of the top gaming talent in the country.
Carrie Fisher's one obituary request came from a conversation with George Lucas in Berkeley. As she was preparing to wear the iconic Princess Leia dress, he walked over: "You can't wear a bra under that dress." I say, "Okay, I'll bite. Why?" And he says, "Because. . . there's no underwear in space."
Burmese Noodles Come to Berkeley With Tharaphu Burmese Street Food. Its bowls of authentically Burmese soups, noodles, curries, and snacks are all under ten dollars, making it easy for people to eat their way through the menu's sophisticated mix of Indian, Lao, Thai, and Chinese influences.
The Algemeiner's 1st Annual List of the US and Canada’s Worst Campuses for Jewish Students. Cal is 12th on the list. Fliers appeared warning "non-Jews" against "Jewish bullies" who try to manipulate university affairs after the suspension and reinstatement of a student-run course.
Spring Commencement
What are my chances of getting off the waitlist for CS188 if I'm currently position ~50?
Summer 2017 Sublease Request
Physics 8A/8B or 7A/7B or 8A/7B?
Berkeley College Republicans required to raise up to $10,000 to host Milo Yiannopoulos. Celine Bookin, the head of communications for BCR: "The absolute magnitude of the charge is extreme and appears designed to make it prohibitively expensive. That would be a backdoor attack on free speech."
Bryan Lopez, 21, entered UC Berkeley in 2013 to study astrophysics after graduating from Watsonville High. "I got a job in a coffee shop to help with expenses and found I started enjoying it more than school and my grades began to suffer," said Lopez, who is currently taking a break from college.
Senior Center Without Walls: The phone rang in 91-year-old Lynnie Rayburn's disheveled South Berkeley apartment. Across the line, six other seniors waited for the afternoon's "Sing-Along Broadway." Over about 50 minutes, participants gave a cappella renditions of songs from "Fiddler on the Roof."
LETS FUCKING GO!
Physics 8A/8B or 7A/7B or 7A/8B?
1951 Coffee Co. is gearing up to launch its first cafe, a space on Channing Way in Berkeley that will train and employ those who have come to the United States as refugees and asylum seekers, while also educating customers and the community about refugee life and issues.
The Berkeley Daily Gazette reported 75 years ago in 1941 during WWII: "Enemy aliens were ordered to turn in 'contraband' belongings to the Berkeley police by Dec. 29, 1941. One Japanese-American man turned in a vintage 1863 musket, which had hung with an American flag in his home."
Chem 112B prep help
#50 on CS70 waitlist, chances of getting into the class?
UCB MIMS Statement of Purpose Question
Fraud alert: NY Eve "I love the 90’s Music Fest" in Berkeley is a scam, not happening. '90s acts like Color Me Badd and K-Ci &amp; JoJo will not perform in downtown Berkeley.
Andrea Prichett, a founding member of Berkeley Copwatch: Berkeley should stop raids on the homeless and establish legal campground until housing is available.
Robert Reich: The Seven Ways Donald Trump Is Destroying the Free Press. "Democracy depends on a free and independent press, which is why all tyrants try to squelch it."
To all you fellow bears resting away at home...
To all you fellow bears resting away at home!
CS70 HW + Exams?
Can't see all final grades
Academic probation?
Berkeley startups and students studying marketing
Will I get a well-rounded education at Berkeley?
How to be the Oski mascot?
The Berkeley Humane Society are bringing gifts to surprised families by delivering cats and dogs on Christmas Eve and Christmas morning for their Home for the Holidays adoption promotion.
Starbucks launched its 10 Days of Cheer promotion where customers can visit a select location each day and pick up a free tall specialty espresso drink. On December 24, 2016, the Starbucks at 2128 Oxford St. in Berkeley was selected.
Starbucks launched its 10 Days of Cheer promotion where customers can visit a select location each day and pick up a free tall specialty espresso drink. On December 24, 2016, the Starbucks at 2128 Oxford St. in Berkeley was selected .
The family members of two victims who perished in the Oakland warehouse fire Dec. 2, including UC Berkeley alumnus Griffin Madden, filed civil lawsuits in Alameda County Superior Court on Friday against several people associated with the "Ghost Ship" warehouse.
Berkeley police evicted a group of homeless. One post on the Facebook: "Merry Christmas from the city, mayor, and police. Now hurry up and die!" Mayor Jesse Arreguin asked City Manager Dee Williams-Ridley to postpone action until after Christmas but she decided to act given the volume of complaints.
The unexpected twist in the new Garden Village modular apartment complex on Dwight Way in Berkeley isn't just the rooftop farm. It's that the fields of edible greens rest above 18 freestanding structures, vertical pods, that hold 77 apartments in all.
How to volunteer for Christmas?
What is the cutoff for Dean's List?
UC Berkeley reader recovers about 50 stolen final exams
UC Berkeley Public health undergraduate in need of advice about class planning
Possible discrimination?
Scuba Dive PADI Certification
Taking more than 20 units
Taking classes that are 1 minute apart from each other?
Is having two finals back to back doable?
Lady Gaga stopped in backstage at the Seva Holiday Extravaganza fundraiser to see Lukas Nelson on Saturday, Dec. 17, at the UC Theatre in Berkeley. The audience didn't know she was there.
The Oakland fire: Oakland's scattershot fire inspection system stands in contrast with that of neighboring Berkeley, which inspects "almost everything except single-family residences." Warehouses are inspected regardless of whether they are empty.
U.S. District Judge William Alsup played devil's advocate in the battle between Berkeley and U.S. Postal Service's proposed sale of a historic Post Office building, telling them to get ready for a trial in which he wants to see "witnesses up here being hammered and beat up, and blood on the floor."
Former athletic director Sandy Barbour said in a statement to The Daily Californian Wednesday a decision she made to maintain Maxwell Family Field as a field hockey space was overruled by then-vice chancellor for administration and finance John Wilton.
Conrad and Paolo Leslie had a recurring nightmare: a vision of their son Cal student Nicholas Leslie's body on the promenade after the Nice, France, terror attack in July, alone for hours. In fact, a woman and her daughter had surrounded his body with candles and prayed for him throughout the night.
UC Berkeley braces for Breitbart provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos [with a $10,000 security fee]
espm 50ac
Transfer student who didn't make the Econ cutoff..EnvEcon help.
How do you submit a class conflict override request?
[#8] Winter Break Shitposting Megathread. Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Would you rather do a global summer internship or study abroad? Which is easier? Which leaves more opportunities for nightlife?
Average gpa for upe?
Steven Schuyler noticed AC Transit buses driving unsafely in his downtown Berkeley neighborhood and has submitted dozens of complaints in the past decade. There were at least 230 complaints of buses running red lights and stop signs since 2014 with the majority of violations in Oakland and Berkeley.
It can be hard to tell the difference between humans and androids in such sci-fi TV shows as Westworld. But in real life, beyond our screens, the human brain takes less than a second to tell between reality and fantasy, according to new UC Berkeley research in the journal Nature Communications.
Berkeley has its share of mega-mansions. One such mansion, the 8,600 ft house at 2840 Claremont Blvd, was priced at $5,450,000. It sold Dec. 15 for $3,600,000. The landmark home has eight bedrooms, five bathrooms, a formal dining room, a grand living room and a suite of servants' rooms upstairs.
Incomplete Grade (CS61A)
Kristine Anigwe scored 39 points to lead Cal (12-0) over Arkansas State (2-10) with a score of 80-55. Cal looks well on its way to being a part of March Madness. The 12-game winning streak is the Bears' longest since winning 16 straight during the 2012-13 season in which they reached the Final Four.
Yesterday morning, The Verge broke the story that Peter Thiel appeared to be teaching a course on "heterodox science" at the Berkeley Institute starting in January. Since the story's publication, the "heterodox science" course has been deleted from Berkeley Institute's website without explanation.
Help with A+'s
A+ classes?
What enlightened students at Berkeley think vs what actually happens in the real world
Failed Math 54
Do you ever lose access to bCourses classes?
Professor still hasn't put in grades
Math 1B(/Spring '17 Enrollment) Advice
Berkeley couple Jeff Becerra and Michelle Mahoney, who had been married for 25 years, threw a lavish divorce party. The night was capped off with the ex's driving off in a truck decorated with a sign reading "just divorced". They plan to stay connected and are even going on a trip to Spain together.
Berkeley couple Jeff Becerra and Michelle Mahoney, who had been married for 25 years, threw a lavish divorce party. The night was capped off with the ex's driving off in a truck decorated with a sign reading "just divorced". They plan to stay connected and are even going on a trip to Spain together.
4,000 people attended the Mayor's Christmas Party Dec. 21, 1941, held at the Men's Gymnasium at UC Berkeley. Entertainment included the "Toy drill animals and soldiers of Franklin School". A special soloist was "sixteen year old Negro musician Robert Owens," who was attending Berkeley High School.
Final grades still not updated? Anyone else.
First They Came for the Homeless: "REMEMBER: WE CAN STOP RAIDS IF ENOUGH PEOPLE SHOW UP WHEN THEY HAPPEN. Please set your alarm for 5:00am, hurry over to Adeline and Oregon … there's a good chance that—as cops see the numbers of defenders growing—they'll start talking frantically into their lapels."
A pilot food recovery program to deliver fresh food to low-income seniors launched Tuesday at senior housing community Helios Corner in Berkeley. It collects excess food from restaurants, events and grocery stores for distribution. It was designed by Alameda County Supervisor Wilma Chan.
Peter Thiel is almost definitely behind a mysterious 'Heterodox Science' course that'll be taught in January at Berkeley Institute, a private institution. Its office is tucked above a Mexican restaurant half a block from Cal. It isn't part of Cal but all but one of its "senior fellows" teach at Cal.
Checking transcript via Calcentral?
Cheapest Housing Ever
Food distribution at people's park?
"Making the most" of my time
Can my "fall-semester" professor change my grade after spring semester starts?
Difficulty involved in snagging an ECON101b spot? plus ECON100 v 101
A list of recently published books about Berkeley. The book about Berkeley that made the largest national splash was "American Heiress", Jeffrey Toobin's recounting of the kidnapping of Patty Hearst from a Benvenue Avenue apartment, her embrace of radical politics and her trial for robbing a bank.
Cal chemist Ignacio (Nacho) Tinoco, 85, died. He made fundamental contributions to understand RNA folding in his 60 years at Cal. In the Annual Review, he wrote "I love my job and plan to continue it until I get bored or die, whichever comes first." Indeed, he published as recently as October 2016.
Berkeley City Council approved 7-1 the purchase of a bulletproof van. Berkeley will pay $80,000 of its own money and DHS will cover the rest. Some community members said they would prefer that the city use the $80,000 for job training for youth, or to help feed and house the city's homeless.
East Bay Municipal Utility District is revamping the 1891 reservoir Summit Reservoir in Berkeley to meet 21st century needs. The need for a 37 million-gallon reservoir no longer exists and a new 3.5 million-gallon tank at the Summit site will serve instead as a distribution center.
Cal women's basketball (10-0) defeated the Southern Mississippi Lady Eagles 71-51. Their start marks the best one in program history and leaves Cal as one of only 11 Division I women's basketball teams left with an undefeated record. Cal was led in scoring by Courtney Range and Kristine Anigwe.
I'm a SoCal student moving to Berkeley from SoCal. Will bringing my car to the city really be a big pain in the behind?
Chem 1A grades?
Tailoring Services? (Jeans)
Everest Properties Hot Water Issue
UC Berkeley drops down to the 4th most applied-to UC campus.
Richard DeVecchi, 37, was deliberately run over by a car at 7:15am Dec. 17, 1998 in front of the family's business Berkeley Warehouse, Inc., a trucking and warehousing company a block north of University Ave. His brother Randy hopes its 18th anniversary will generate new leads in the unsolved case.
Berkeley sends some 500 new grads out into the world. Speaker Dana Vollmer, who led the Golden Bears to their first NCAA team championship in 2009, was a four-time Olympic gold medalist before having a baby, Arlen, last year. She came back and won another three medals in last summer's Rio Olympics.
While writing a book about technology start-ups, Berkeley resident Evy Ballegeer was so inspired by her subjects that she decided to create a company of her own. Yet instead of jumping into the software business, she chose cookies. She started Little Belgians, which are sold in the East Bay.
HackerRank tapped 126 top universities around the world and had each of their best coders go head-to-head. 5,500 students participated. The University of California, Berkeley was the #1 college in America, and came in fourth overall. The top three schools were from Russia, China, and Vietnam.
Over 85,000 high school students applied to be part of UC Berkeley's fall 2017 freshman class—a record-high number that is a 3% increase from last year. Applications from California residents increased by 7.6% and those by underrepresented-minority high school students in California increased by 6%.
Are CS162 or CS161 gonna be webcasted for spring semester?
Final grades
I need 2 units to graduate. Any suggestions? Registration help?
POOR + OOS= how much $, if any?
Debate team at Berkeley?
1 unit class that can be taken remotely?
What's the rate of getting into EECS as a masters student?
Graduation day!!!
Jihoon Park on an incident in a coffee shop: "Guy who spilled coffee onto my jacket, if you're reading this I want you to know you're still an asshole, but that’s OK. And I'm not sorry I called you a worthless fucking sack of shit. Because I'm an asshole too."
Michael Lewis: The day after the presidential election I went into my teenage daughter's new high school to volunteer The duties of the Berkeley High front-desk volunteer sound boring—basically they just want you to eyeball the incredible range of humanity and decide if it is safe to buzz it in.
Dana Vollmer, Cal alumna and seven-time Olympic medalist (five golds, one silver, one bronze), on Twitter: "Congratulations UC Berkeley Class of 2016!! 🎉🎓An amazing honor getting to speak to you all today!! #commencement #gobears". She was the keynote speaker for the winter commencement ceremony.
A large, gilt-framed portrait of George Berkeley hangs on the west wall of Heyns Reading Room in Doe Library. In it, the university's namesake is portrayed holding a book,a smile just beginning to form across his lips. He was an Irishman who would have pronounced his surname to rhyme with "darkly."
Álvaro Silberstein, 31, a Haas School of Business student, became paralyzed as a teen when a drunken driver wrecked his spinal cord. He uses the knuckles of his pinkies to type his papers. On Monday he'll become the first person with a disability to explore the unforgiving world of Torres del Paine.
Happy Holidays from me and my best bud Harry.
Is it worth going back to Berkeley as an investment at 25 to do EECS?
How do you view your transcript online?
What is the best place to learn meditation in Berkeley?
Anyone selling basketball tickets against Arizona or Virginia tickets
Building access?
Happy graduation to all you fall graduates!
Preparing for CS 189 Spring 2017?
Ned Goldwasser, 97, was a giant in the world of physics and former University of Illinois vice chancellor. After WWII, he earned his physics doctorate at Berkeley. In the McCarthy era, he took a UI faculty position even though he was offered a Cal position because Cal required a state loyalty oath.
Jeremy Jenkins, a Utah elector, has been inundated with letters and emails urging him to vote for Hillary Clinton, someone else, or abstain instead of for Donald Trump. Saturday he received 200 letters—most from out of state. Jenkins: "I don't really care what people in Berkeley, California think."
UC Berkeley was part of an interdisciplinary, international research team that identified the rare genetic mutation responsible for a unique case of "boy in the bubble" disease, known as severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID), a deadly immune system disorder. The study was published Dec. 1.
MyShake, UC Berkeley's worldwide network of smartphone earthquake detectors downloaded by 220,000, has recorded 400 earthquakes. The Android app harnesses a smartphone's motion detectors to measure earthquake ground motion, then sends the data back to Berkeley Seismological Laboratory for analysis.
With an 81-55 victory over Cal Poly Saturday, Cal men's basketball (9-2) set a program record for its longest home win streak, now at 27. The Bears had strong performances from Ivan Rabb and Charlie Moore on offense and Stephen Domingo on defense.
Any Interdisciplinary Studies majors here?
What's the Interdisciplinary Studies major like?
Where do they sell christmas trees in Berkeley?
In the co-ops, do room bids happen every semester or at the beginning of every academic year?
Berkeley Student Sends Racist Texts: "Black People Are Inferior"
do metermaids still mark the back of your tires for parking?
The math behind renters insurance
Bay Area Bike Share is expanding into the East Bay in the next two years and on Thursday program planners released a map showing the proposed locations for 1,500 bikes in Berkeley, Oakland and Emeryville. Berkeley locations include Southside, North Berkeley and West Berkeley.
For over 25 years Berkeley Firefighters Random Acts, a philanthropic group of firefighters, has given bags of chicken, fresh fruit, vegetables to those on limited budgets. They're looking for volunteers Saturday to help stuff 800 grocery bags with food and deliver them to some of Berkeley's elderly.
The city of Berkeley has doubled its capacity from 65 to 130 emergency storm shelter beds this week, following a council directive to get more homeless individuals indoors, and will make those beds available through Monday night in light of current weather conditions.
The National Endowment for the Humanities announced awards to support Cal research on American slavery (Stephanie Jones-Rogers), rehousing of classical artifacts (Benjamin Porter) and translating Mayan and Egyptian hieroglyphs into an international character-encoding standard (Deborah Anderson).
Kiplinger: UC Berkeley is the No. 3 public university in the country when it comes to value for its in-state students. Only University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and University of Virginia ranked higher. When it comes to out-of-state students, Kiplinger ranked Berkeley as 7th among publics.
End of Semester Thread [Fall 2016]
Bitimart - Your Friendly Bitcoin Marketplace
planning to preview cs70 over break, any tips?
Telegraph avenue night life in December?
SHIP Waiver Help
An Elegy for Caffe Med, One of the Last Outposts of 1960s Counterculture
Berkeley Police asked for the community’s help to find Berkeley resident Olya Segal, 51, who suffered from depression and was last seen on Thanksgiving, Nov. 24. BPD broke into Segal's apartment after a missing person's report was filed, and found a suicide note.
Incidents of squirrels stealing Christmas light bulbs are cropping up, but UC Berkeley doctoral psychology student Mikel Delgado does not think the animals "have a vendetta against Christian holidays," as some are saying. She believes it's likely that they are simply mistaking the bulbs for nuts.
Berkeley's Virginia Cleaners is facing a second lawsuit for negligent handling of an employee with a history of sexually assaulting customers and workers. Tito Guerrero is accused of forcibly fondling the plaintiff’s bare buttocks and pushing his finger up toward her vagina while altering her dress.
Berkeley police are trying to find the woman pictured after linking her to an ID theft case. She used the stolen identity to shop at Costco and Target in Vallejo, racking up bills tallying thousands of dollars. She has a "very distinctive cursive tattoo" on the left side of her neck.
Berkeley police received multiple reports from the Wells Fargo 1:50 p.m. Thursday that it had just been robbed. The bank is located at 1095 University Ave., at San Pablo Avenue. No one reported any injuries and no arrests have been made. But police stopped a vehicle that may be tied to the robbery.
Nobody received an A in a language class. Avg grade was a C+. How should I go about petitioning and appealing my grade?
should I report her cheating?
Nobody got an A in a language class. Avg. grade was a C+. How should I go about petitioning or appealing my grade?
Graduation stole
Graduation stole
Has anyone here taken a gap semester and registered for summer session?
Worried about 59 units transferring through as community college transfer student!
I just applied to Berkeley from de anza. Looking for insights from other students
Dismissal
Dismissal
Berkeley City Council voted Tuesday in support of an "emergency operations center," authorizing city staff to get all hands on deck to focus on shelter. Capacity in the city's emergency storm shelters has been increased to 130 beds for Wednesday and Thursday nights, when winter storms are expected.
Have you ever failed a class? How did you get past it?
UC Berkeley's 2016 Winter Commencement: 10 a.m. Sunday, December 18. Student speaker: Graduating senior Tomas Mournian, who returned to Cal in 2014, after attending in the '80s. When a classmate died of AIDS, Mournian left to dedicate himself to helping AIDS patients and working as a journalist.
Students at UC Berkeley will soon be able to enroll in a course examining "public restrooms and the politics of needing to go." The course, is being offered by the department of theater, dance, and performance studies. It'll force students to confront the public restroom as a "charged social site."
lin lin math 54 final
Cal alum Thomas C. Schelling, 95, an economist and Cold War nuclear strategist who shared a Nobel Prize for "having enhanced our understanding of conflict and cooperation through game-theory analysis", died. His interest in Depression mass unemployment led him to earn an economics BA at Cal in 1944.
should I report a cheater?
Pepe Mel: Ronaldo's the best striker I've seen, that nobody can dispute. He has outstanding aerial ability, hits the ball with both feet and is powerful. But Messi's the best footballer. We'd all like to be Messi. He has an incredible gift to combine all the best virtues of a player into himself."
Anyone watch one piece here?
The Berkeley Police Department is asking for the community's assistance in locating a missing person. Missing since 11/24/16 (Thanksgiving Day) on the 1900 block of Berryman Street in Berkeley is Olga Segal 51, 5-09/140lbs, brown hair and blue eyes. She has not been seen or heard from since.
class curving?
Are last semester grades counted for honors on your degree?
Failed a Class Twice. What Am I Going to Do?
Any board gamers here? Victory Point (Board Game) Cafe offers free entry this Wednesday
Procrastination major here, where can you buy blue books/green books before 8am?
This month, a study issued by Berkeley, Stanford, and Harvard researchers found only half of children born in the 1980s have grown up to earn more than their parents, down from 92% of children born in 1940. The growing stress of poverty is increasingly harming the health of lower-income Americans.
The American Talent Initiative, introduced by Bloomberg's foundation, aims to create a coalition of colleges that commit to becoming more diverse. Cal is among the initial 30 members and was the leading college for economic diversity in 2015, with 23% of its first-year class receiving Pell Grants.
In a survey of 52 leading colleges and universities in the U.S., only Berkeley, Harvard, the U.S. Naval Academy and Wellesley College require a Shakespeare course for the English major. Students at University of Pennsylvania replaced a picture of Shakespeare with one of African American Audre Lorde.
Operating out of Berkeley Friends Church, Berkeley Food Pantry, at Sacramento and Cedar streets, feeds 2,000 people a month. Staffed by 44 volunteers and two half-time employees, it operates on a budget of $90,000 a year, more than half of it donations from individuals and faith-based organizations.
Regular deliveries of food including free unlimited fresh produce will begin arriving at the UC Berkeley Food Pantry at Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union as a result of its new partnership with Alameda County Community Food Bank. In November, 750 people visited the pantry. 200 visited December 2.
Can I get a CS Minor with E7 instead of 61A?
Found iPhone (6S?)
I've decided to leave Berkeley
Organizers call for Californian secession in wake of Donald Trump election | The Daily Californian
Any advice for Psych 1 final with Professor Gade?
Switching to physics after 7A and 7B
Erin Ptaschinski, 31, a UC Berkeley adviser for undergraduate psychology majors, has skydived more than 1,800 times in the last six years. At dawn Sunday, Nov. 27, she helped win the women's world record for the largest sequential free fall formation. "We held the 65-way formation for 8.5 seconds."
Steve Finacom, who wrote about the WWII death of Nicholas Ganas, 18, at Pearl Harbor: "Isn't it ironic that in 1941 Berkeley and Albany had no less than three hospitals between them, plus the complete student Cowell Hospital on the UC campus, while today there's only one and closure is threatened?"
Oakland fire: Hundreds attended Jonathan Bernbaum's funeral. At Berkeley High School, he wrote about a disabled student's funeral; it was printed on the back page. When a prominent athlete died, it ran on Page One. He decried the injustice of lauding the well known and ignoring those nobody knew.
Election: Lecturer Alan Ross was most surprised by the lack of enthusiasm toward Hillary Clinton among his students. Maureen Ochi Sides witnessed 3 professors break down in tears. The campus Progressive Student Association, or PSA, has seen a dramatic increase in attendance at its weekly meetings.
Cal alum Julie Chavez Rodriguez, a former policy advisor for the Obama administration and granddaughter of labor hero Cesar Chavez, was selected by U.S. Sen.-elect Kamala Harris to be her director for statewide operations. She worked at White House as principal deputy director of public engagement.
Are there any Tang resources that would help me deal with social anxiety and is it covered by SHIP insurance?
as berkeley students, how do you identify?
Video Contest with Travel/tech Startup - $500 for Winning Submission
I need a C- in one final MCB class to graduate and I've tried with three classes since last semester and I can't do it. Do I have any hope? If I need to take another mcb class next semester, what would be my best shot. I justwant to graduate. I don't party. I study really hard but can't do it
The Cal women's basketball team nearly got its first 100-point outing of the season Sunday in a 96-63 blowout over Lehigh that was senior Courtney Range's 100th game with the Bears. The Bears (9-0) extended the program's best-ever start. The only drama was whether they would get to 100 points.
Junior transfer Ty Perez found himself homeless after his apartment arrangement fell apart. He was sleeping on friends' couches until Homeless Student Union co-founder Taylor Harvey referred him to a local resident who had a free room. Perez: "If I hadn't gotten help, I would have had to drop out."
First-semester freshmen at UC Berkeley are commuting 2½ hours daily to and from class in an SF office building. To meet soaring demand with limited space, Cal has pushed hundreds of students off campus, with freshmen studying in SF and London and others living in dorms at neighboring universities.
Less than 24 hours after Jesse Arreguin was sworn in as mayor, city officials disbanded a homeless encampment without his prior knowledge. He was surprised and upset. He hopes to authorize camping on designated public property. He leads a five vote majority of progressives on Berkeley City Council.
Sunday, December 11, 2016 at 12:41am two pedestrians were walking in the area of Ellsworth and Durant when they were approached by a male suspect armed with a gun who demanded their property. The victims complied. The suspect: A Hispanic male, mid-late 20's, with a slim build and light complexion.
Gift Help: Bay Area Monogramming
Gift Help: East Bay Monogramming
Gift Help: Bay Area Monogramming
Chemichal engineering transfer
California residents who got into Berkeley
Vanessa Plotkin, 21, a UC Berkeley junior transfer studying sociology, died in the Oakland fire. She was enrolled in the Body Positive Decal, for which she was set to become a student facilitator. Childhood friend Olivia Green remembers the two cried on the phone when Plotkin was accepted to Cal.
Jenny Morris, 21, a UC Berkeley junior majoring in media studies, died Dec. 2 in the Oakland fire. On one Thanksgiving, Morris worked hard to bake an apple pie from scratch for her family. Her mother Toshiko Morris: "Just the past Thanksgiving, we were talking about being thankful for each other."
Although Time Magazine chose Donald Trump as their 2016 Person of the Year, UC Berkeley molecular and cell biology professor professor Jennifer Doudna and other pioneers of the gene-editing CRISPR-Cas9 technology, were in fifth place. The tool promises cures for many heritable diseases.
Bernard Taper, 98, died in Berkeley. During World War II, he was one of the US Army's Monument Men, soldiers assigned to recover works of art looted by the Nazis. A Cal alum, he joined Cal's Graduate School of Journalism in 1970. Students regarded his class as the highlight of their college years.
Men's basketball: The Golden Bears (8-2) won their 26th consecutive home game Saturday against UC Davis 86-61, matching the longest streak in school history from Dec. 27, 1958-Dec. 16, 1960. The Bears' winning streak is the fourth-longest in the nation. Cal last lost at Haas Pavilion Feb. 25, 2015.
PSA: When traffic signal lights are not working in a blackout, the intersection should be treated as if it had stop signs in all directions.
Spring Rush 2017
Who is the elderly man that hangs out in Haas Library?
Anyone know if mcb 136 is curved. The averages on the first two midterms have both been about 80%. I'm probably going to end up with about a 67% raw score. So the curve if it happens is very important to me. Help please. Thanks.
Power out for anyone else?
Power Outages across Berkeley. Will keep thread updated.
Anyone else taking 134 with Sun and feeling screwed?
Can you successfully transfer into Berkeley from an out of state CC?
Can you transfer into Berkeley from an out of state CC?
What traits do all UC Berkeley students have in common?
#352 on the waitlist for cs188, do i stand a chance?
Biggest Spike in Traffic Deaths in 50 Years? Blame Apps
CS Classes for Applied Math Majors
Alvaro Silberstein, MBA '17, is en route to Patagonia to become the first known person to navigate three iconic routes in Torres del Paine National Park in a wheelchair. To prepare for the excursion, Silberstein has been training for nearly a year with No Limits co-founder Rachel Kahn at Berkeley.
UC Berkeley doctor Meg Schwarzman was run over by a driver high on medical marijuana as she pedaled home from work early February. She had 20 broken ribs, multiple pelvic fractures. She recovered and completed the 5K race in Berkeley and is trying to come up with a restorative justice resolution.
Nichole Bloom: What’s more aggressive?: the curve or UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens? This semester's curves have nothing on the savagery of Edgy Teens. In the world of memes, no one is safe — no major, no student organization or school mascot. We hope you come out of it alive and edgier than ever.
A man wearing only shorts was arrested at Livermore National Laboratory on Monday afternoon for allegedly stealing a campus truck. The suspect later told the police that he stripped to show them that he was unarmed. He is an Oakland transient who also has a history of drug use and mental illness.
The UC's Email Regarding Proposition 64
UCPD's Email Regarding Proposition 64
Is a U.C. Education Affordable Anymore?
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors' government oversight committee voted Thursday to issue a subpoena compelling reluctant UC Berkeley structural engineering professor Jack Moehle to explain how he vouched for the foundation of now sinking Millennium Tower. The 58-story building is now tilting.
How do I unsubscribe from campus emails? I've been graduated for a year...
To P/NP a chem class I don't need for my major
Cal alumna Denisse Rojas is the "human face of a federal program called" DACA, writes Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.). Rojas was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when she was 10 months old, and then grew up to excel in high school, study biology at Berkeley, and make her way to medical school.
Cal alum Theresa Hak Kyung Cha, an avant-garde artist sadistically killed in 1982 at 31, will be memorialized Dec. 13 at Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive. Coinciding with the full moon, Oakland performance artist Dohee Lee will perform a ritual "to bring her spirit back to her home."
Mayor Jesse Arreguín decided to amend a controversial measure listed on the Dec. 13 agenda: a $10,000 gift to First They Came for the Homeless, a fluid group of people with a Facebook page and website, to develop "tiny homes." Councilwomen Susan Wengraf and Lori Droste said the action was illegal.
Prompted by concerns BUSD's undocumented students are more likely to be deported after Donald Trump takes office, board members instituted a policy to prohibit the district from gathering information about a student's immigration status. Ty Alper: We would be prepared to deal with (a funding cut).
Cal Performances is offering the Cal community complimentary tickets for Saturday, Dec. 10, 8pm performance of Handel's Messiah at Zellerbach. Dirks: "This communal event, and the beauty of this music, will offer a special opportunity for solace, support and reflection in these saddest of times."
Cal's Kristine Anigwe scores 50 points in a win over Sac State.
Anyone know anything about Pol Econ 100?
How is Professor Glynda A. Hull? I am taking a cross-campus class with her next quarter!
When is the naked run?
Auditors, please be more considerate!
Where to get dress shirts / ties near campus?
Who the hell is Joseph Goodluck?
Get in the holiday spirit! UC Berkeley Symphony Orchestra is performing Beethoven's 9th Symphony Th-Sat. $5 for students
New Mayor Jesse Arreguin will deliver an inaugural address touching on critical issues affecting the city at a special council meeting Thursday at 5:30pm. He will talk about homelessness and affordable housing while providing a message of hope and resiliency in response to the national election.
Cal alum Masayoshi Son, billionaire Softbank founder, met with Donald Trump and announced plans to create 50,000 jobs by investing $50 billion in U.S. startups. Son founded Softbank in 1981 with the $1 million he made by inventing a pocket translator he sold to Sharp Corp. while still at Berkeley.
Cafe Rouge, a pioneer in the Bay Area's recent butcher shop renaissance, is closing after 20 years in Berkeley. Owner Marsha McBride said labor shortages played a major role in the decision. For the last six months, she has been pulling double duty, working in the kitchen and on the floor.
After three new pedestrian robberies in North Berkeley above the UC Berkeley campus between Dec. 1 and Dec. 5 — all of which involved a gun — police are warning local residents to pay attention to their surroundings, and say they believe the crimes may be linked.
Roommate Internet Dispute
Trigger Warnings
Griffin Madden, 23, died in the Oakland fire. He'd recently won a full-time position at Cal Performances. He graduated from Cal in 2015 with a double major in philosophy and Slavic. Prof. Luba Golburt: "He had a luminous away about him, a quest for knowledge, and an enthusiasm for learning things."
Cal junior Vanessa Plotkin, 21, died in the Oakland fire with roommate Jenny Morris. Both were studying sociology. Her brother, Gavin Plotkin, uploaded an artistic shot of Vanessa. She stared defiantly at the camera, eyebrows arched: "I love you baby sis, you will remain forever in my heart."
Griffin Madden, 23 died in the Oakland fire. He had recently won a full-time position at Cal Performances. He graduated from Cal in 2015 with a double major in philosophy and Slavic. Prof. Luba Golburt: "He had a luminous away about him, a quest for knowledge, and an enthusiasm for learning things."
Cal junior Vanessa Plotkin, 21, died in the Oakland file with roommate Jenny Morris. Both were studying sociology. Her brother, Gavin Plotkin, uploaded an artistic shot of Vanessa. She stared defiantly at the camera, eyebrows arched: "I love you baby sis, you will remain forever in my heart."
Microsoft Shuttles
Hey Berkeley, does Microsoft provide commuter transit to/from your city?
Do Microsoft busses run from SF to Berkeley?
Do I have to be on campus to use the research databases?
Random, but looking for a fellow Cal alum that has been doing web dev for at least 5 years experience to teach the Berkeley Extension Coding bootcamp.
UC Berkeley's Salto Is the Most Agile Jumping Robot Ever
"Protest 101": The Berkeley Police Department's instructions on how to hold legal protests, marches, demonstrations, and rallies
Berkeley legend Triangle man? In Hong Kong?
UC Berkeley junior Jennifer Morris, 20, died in the Oakland fire. In high school she would post videos of musical covers on YouTube. Her father Michael Morris: "This is devastating as Jenny was such a beautiful, intelligent, creative, caring and sincere young lady with a bright future ahead of her."
The New York Times on Oakland fire: Rising Prices in Oakland Push Artists Into Risky Housing. Josh Hershberger, 31, a tattoo artist and muralist, had been homeless before he found the warehouse. Mr. Almena let him pay rent by the day—$10 or $20. Without Ghost Ship, he would have been on the street.
Hundreds attended a vigil at Lake Merritt Pergola Monday in remembrance of those lost in the Oakland warehouse fire. Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin attended the vigil, expressed condolences and said "we need to make sure that we can continue to keep our arts and culture scene alive in our community".
Cal assistant professor of physics Surjeet Rajendran, 33, was named a winner of the 2017 New Horizons In Physics Prize, awarded to promising early-career researchers who have already produced important work in either fundamental physics or mathematics. He will share $100,000 prize with two others.
A Cal Hacks 3.0 team outfitted a Tesla to be driven with mind control technology during the annual campus hackathon. They created a machine learning program for an EEG headset—a technology used to check for unusual brain activity—which allows it to detect whether the user is thinking "stop" or "go."
Half-naked women get thousands of upvotes. How many for our boi in blue?
Might be Failing CS 168
Check it out! Some past and current Cal students got together to sing a medley of 2016 pop hits.
Least crowded libraries?
How can I switch discussion sections?
Second Berkeley #Calexit Meeting
Post-election hate in Berkeley: 14 troubling stories, and 5 ways to respond
The Ex-Con Scholars of Berkeley
Chelsea Dolan, 33, a DJ for Cal's radio station KALX who went by Cherushii, died in the Oakland fire. This summer her smiling face was featured on the cover of "Reader," a Chicago alternative newspaper, calling her an "unsung woman of electronic music" and a "house experimentalist of San Francisco".
Chelsea Dolan, a DJ for Cal's radio station KALX who went by Cherushii, died in the Oakland fire. This summer, her smiling face was featured on the cover of "Reader," a Chicago alternative newspaper, calling her an "unsung woman of electronic music" and a "house experimentalist of San Francisco".
suggested design course
Good Psychiatrist in Berkeley
Are websites down for anyone else? (e.g. calcentral, netID login, etc.)
Too many chinese and indian students
Neil Cline on Berkeleyside: My brother, David Riley Cline, passed away in the Oakland Fire. Everyone who ever met David knows that his smile and his presence changed every person that was lucky enough to feel his warmth and light. He was kind, open, non-judgmental and excited about life and people.
Reprint Mint, a picture-framing shop on Telegraph Avenue opened by Don and Alice Schenker in 1965, closed in late November. Many of their underground comics were crude. All rejected society's norms. All were creative and bright manifestations of a changing culture.
UC Berkeley student Jenny Morris died in the Oakland warehouse fire Friday night, according to her friend, Christopher Jadallah. Morris, who lived in San Mateo, began attending UC Berkeley this year. The status of UC Berkeley student Vanessa Plotkin, Morris' roommate, is still unconfirmed.
The city of Berkeley is accepting applications from companies interested in providing one-way car share, which allows people to use a mobile application or website to locate a nearby rental car and drive it to an intended location. The car would then be parked and open for the next driver to use.
Jonathan Bernbaum, 34, a 2000 Berkeley High School graduate, was among those killed Friday night in the Ghost Ship warehouse fire in Oakland. He is a talented visual artist who had been performing Friday night as a VJ, mixing lights and video projections for electronic music sets at the party.
Berkeley High principal on sudden leave; VP in charge
How to order transcript?
How's the commute to SF?
Win Snoop Dogg Puff Puff Pass Tour Tickets in an Exclusive Eaze Raffle!
Summer Housing
Is there no way to start fresh?
As a member of the t-shirt community...
Transfer statistics by major?
Living in a van: UC Berkeley seniors Parker Stow and Carter Keeling are "vanners" who board at a co-op to make van-living feasible. "Logistically, it just makes things easy because you get your food there, you have a place to charge your electronics, you can use the restroom, shower."
The Berkeley College Republicans will host conservative Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos for a talk on campus Feb. 1. The tour has already been met with controversy. WVU President E. Gordon Gee released a statement condemning Yiannopoulos' use of a homophobic slur targeted at a faculty member.
The year-old Cal Nourish program is asking faculty/staff to donate gift cards from local markets to help 800 Berkeley students who will struggle to buy food during winter holiday break. Last year, UC Berkeley Human Resources collected over $9,000 in gift cards, enough to provide groceries to 300.
Death toll from Oakland fire rises to 33: Donna Kellogg, 32, was a barista at Berkeley's Highwire Coffee Roasters at Solano Avenue's Flowerland nursery. Nick Gomez-Hall, 25, administrative assistant at Berkeley-based Counterpoint Press, was "a talented artist who'd just started doing book design".
UC Berkeley alumnus David Cline, 24, was among 33 confirmed dead in the Oakland warehouse fire Friday. He graduated from Cal last year with bachelor's degrees in cognitive science and computer science. His brother Neil Cline: "To all of you, thank you. Thank you for your kindness, help and love."
Death toll from Oakland fire rises to 33: Donna Kellogg, 32, was a barista at Berkeley's Highwire Coffee Roasters at Solano Avenue's Flowerland nursery. Nick Gomez-Hall, 25, administrative assistant at Berkeley-based Counterpoint Press, was "a talented artist who' just started doing book design".
Who here left an SD Card at Moffitt? Here's one of the pictures that's on it.
As a member of the Greek community
As a member of the Greek community
CALIFORNIA WINS 2016 NCAA WATER POLO TITLE! 11-8 over USC in OT, right here in Berkeley!
52 years ago: The Chronicle's Dec. 4, 1964, front page covers arrests of 801 free-speech protesters on the UC Berkeley campus. Mario Savio led the protest against the restriction of political speech. It was peaceful; however, Gov. Edmund Brown Sr. gave consent for local authorities to make arrests.
50 years ago: The Chronicle's Dec. 4, 1964, front page covers arrests of 801 free-speech protesters on the UC Berkeley campus. Mario Savio led the protest against the restriction of political speech. It was peaceful; however, Gov. Edmund Brown Sr. gave consent for local authorities to make arrests.
Antonio Castellanos worked at UC Berkeley for 25 years and was Facilities Manager II at Space Sciences Laboratory. According to the lawsuit, during his time in this position, his supervisors repeatedly asked him to perform craft jobs, though his duties were to coordinate work projects and personnel.
Celebrating its 40th year, Berkeley-based Bay Area Outreach and Recreation Program (BORP) grew from a small nonprofit formed by two UC Berkeley students denied participation in an athletic class, to an organization that offers adaptive sports to some 800 people, young and old with disabilities.
Three UC Berkeley students—Griffin Madden, Jenny Morris and Vanessa Plotkin—are among the dozens reported missing after a large structure fire at a Golden Donna warehouse concert in Oakland Friday night has left at least nine dead. There were allegations of code violations on the building this year.
A female student was walking home from the Downtown BART station when she was sexually assaulted with intent to rape November 27, 2016 at 10:30pm. She fought back and managed to get away. Suspect: A white male, mid-30's, 6’02” in height, 220 lbs., with a muscular build, short stubble facial hair.
Sexual Battery and Attempted Rape Near Berkeley Downtown BART
Best time to go Main Stacks?
Officials fear up to 40 dead in fire during concert at Oakland warehouse
Astro c10 Lecture Videos
Is it weird to sporadically sit in on lectures after graduating, and will I get anything out of it?
American Dreamers
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: "So many UC Berkeley students come into college having spent considerable time and energy honing musical, visual and literary skills, only to forget them as they hop on the conveyor belt of success: a train that values monetary gain above anything else."
Brandon Wallace, 27, was sentenced Thursday to 118 years to life in state prison for his convictions for first-degree murder and attempted murder for a shooting outside a Berkeley barbershop, Johnson's House of Style, in 2010 that left Gary Ferguson Jr. dead and barber Larry Belle seriously wounded.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders sent his signature feisty message to Donald Trump today via a crowd of 2,000 at Cal's Zellerbach Auditorium. He was met with a standing ovation, then more cheers when he told the audience "at this great university" that a "delusional" Trump does not have a mandate.
Two Berkeley High School students were taken to the hospital yesterday after eating marijuana edibles on campus. Six students ate the products. The incident follows a similar event in mid-October when 2 students lost consciousness after eating marijuana-laced brownies and were taken to the hospital.
Berkeley cleared out a homeless encampment that had set up north of City Hall Friday at 5:15 a.m. The move came the day after feces were spread, over a period of 24 hours. The city reported problematic behavior from campers including public masturbation and offensive chalk messages on the sidewalks.
Dank meme
Any CNR students on here?
The Fight for a Field | $7 million, 2 Title IX investigations and a damaged women’s field hockey program
Paranoid about CS GPA requirement
What do I do if I lost my ClipperCard/Class Pass?
Need a study break? UC Wind Ensemble, Javanese Gamelan, and Baroque Ensemble perform this weekend. $5 for students
Proof of graduation for meal plan cancellation
Catherine Straus: "A frat made me sign an NDA before I could go to their date party, I had to cut the cords with my summer love because he didn't want me to publish an article and I have comment sections as disgusting as ones on Breitbart on Reddit and my columns full of men telling me to shut up."
Alum Nancy Meehan, a highly original choreographer and dancer, has died at the age of 85. After graduating from Berkeley in 1952, she performed and taught with a variety of dance companies and colleges, and then became one of the founders of the avant-garde Judson Dance Theater.
Donald Trump has named 21 potential nominees to the Supreme Court, and they are "overwhelmingly white, male and middle-aged," and only "half went to the nation's top law schools." One of those top law school grads is Berkeley Law alum Amul Thapar, 47, an Indian American U.S. District Court judge.
In a short interview after he was sworn in as mayor, Jesse Arreguín said, "The city will now move in a new direction. As the country moves to the right, Berkeley moves to the left." Arreguín said he will announce the details of a 100-day plan at his first City Council meeting as mayor on Dec. 13.
In a short interview after he was sworn in as mayor, Jesse Arreguín said, "The city will now move in a new direction. As the country moves to the right, Berkeley moves to the left." Arreguin said he will announce the details of a 100-day plan at his first City Council meeting as mayor on Dec. 13.
A large and enthusiastic crowd gathered at Berkeley's Old City Hall Thursday morning at 10 a.m. to watch Jesse Arreguín and three new council members — Cheryl Davila, Ben Bartlett and Sophie Hahn — be sworn in to office. There will be a formal swearing-in at the Dec. 8 Berkeley City Council meeting.
How much information do you retain from courses a year after taking them?
Regular math vs honors math
Buses FULL of Attractive Well-Dressed Women
I just applied as a CS transfer student from a California CC. What do you think my odds are?
Can anyone who's taken Math W53 comment on how difficult and time consuming it was?
Postmates/UberEats delivery locations?
University of California releases principles in support of UC community members
Berkeley-Letters of Reccomendation
Anyone skateboard around campus? Do you recommend?
I've tried to capture the moments and vibes of Berkeley this November, let me know what y'all think!
Need a study break? UC Wind Ensemble, Javanese Gamelan, and Baroque Ensemble perform this weekend. $5 for students
Need a study break? UC Wind Ensemble, Javanese Gamelan, and Baroque Ensemble perform this weekend. $5 for students.
Napolitano orders UCPD to act in defiance of federal immigration law
STAT 155
"Second National Day of Action for 'Sanctuary Campus' Movement"
"A Dose of a Hallucinogen From a ‘Magic Mushroom,’ and Then Lasting Peace"
it’s shameful what happened to the supposed “smart” people (X-post from r/the_donald)
Lecture Today in Doe Library - Failure to Adjust: How Americans Got Left Behind in the Global Economy
Final for Math 49?
Wearing Trump MAGA Hats at Berkeley, is it ok?
The University of Maine has a generous offer of discounted tuition offer to California college students worried there won't be room for them in California. You'd be able to attend school in Orono, Maine, for the same price -- $13,000 a year -- you'd pay as an in-state student at UC Berkeley.
Aaliyah Washington: "They need to have champagne and beautiful china and great food from great people that love them." A high school student paid for a Thanksgiving meal for the homeless in Berkeley. KPIX TV's Da Lin: "They transformed the sidewalk into a warm, classy restaurant."
Clarence Ford—a master's student at Cal's Goldman School of Public Policy—is raising money to bring home his little sister Cierra Ford's body for burial after she was killed Friday in Georgia where she was attending college. Cierra graduated from Berkeley High in 2009. Robbery may have been motive.
Olympic gold medalist and Berkeley psychology/education student Missy Franklin will sign copies of her new book, Relentless Spirit: The Unconventional Raising of a Champion, co-written with her parents Dick and D.A. Franklin, at A Great Good Place for Books in Oakland's Montclair Village on Dec. 10.
At its last meeting before newly elected council members/mayor are sworn in, Berkeley City Council unanimously voted to adopt an ordinance to further regulate short-term rentals. It stipulates that after initiating a no-fault eviction, owners would be restricted from short-term renting for 5 years.
'Alt-right' publication writer Milo Yiannopoulos scheduled to speak at UC Berkeley, UC Davis
Dummy considering a CS minor
Trying to make a Spotify family account
What does "Does not meet reserve requirements" mean?
Report: Berkeley balcony collapse contractor disregarded plans
Psych 1 and Psych 10
Berkeley #Calexit Organizing Meeting on Dec 3
Berkeley #Calexit Organizing Meeting on Dec 2
Psych 1 vs Psych 10?
Warmest libraries?
Attention anyone who has taken MCB 130
"The Truth About Young Immigrants and DACA" NYT - Janet Napolitano
Neil Cummings' open letter to Sonny Dykes: "The worst thing you can do for team morale and effort is to blame your teammates for a loss. I watched your interview after the Stanford game and was thoroughly disappointed in the comments you made about certain position players being 'not ready'."
Neil Cummings' open letter to Sonny Dykes: "The worst thing you can do for team morale and effort is to blame your teammates for a loss . I watched your interview after the Stanford game and was thoroughly disappointed in the comments you made about certain position players being 'not ready'."
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox: This column got me laid. Cox on "an influx of hookup propositions from horny Golden Bears who have wanted to sexually experience the man behind the mugshot": "One of these very boners belonged to a freshman fan who requested I take his virginity."
The Latina/o Faculty Association sent a letter to Dirks. They requested he declare Cal a sanctuary campus and provide emergency funding for the Undocumented Student Program, which is not equipped to deal with the increased student needs for psychological and legal assistance after Trump's election.
The conservative Turning Point USA group developed a watchlist of 200 "college professors who discriminate against conservative students, promote anti-American values, and advance leftist propaganda in the classroom." Law professor John Powell is on the McCarthyesque roster.
BPD was awarded a $265,000 grant to help reduce traffic-related deaths and injuries. A motivation is the high number of people killed in car collisions yearly in Berkeley. In 2013, OTS ranked Berkeley first for injury collisions involving pedestrians or bicyclists out of 56 cities of similar sizes.
School paying for bereavement flight?
School paying for flight in order to attend funeral?
Berkeley M.E.T program: What is the essay's requirement.
x-post /r/mit; some silly questions.
Should I ask a professor for extra credit/grade bump?
Cog Sci 1 section swap question
Board Game Flea Market at Victory Point
Does Sunny Dykes need to go?
"Earned" financial aid
CS70 Grades
More international students attend schools in California than any other state, according to the Institute of International Education. UC Berkeley, ranked 16th in the nation for its enrollment of international students, is in 4th place in California, following USC, UCLA, and UC San Diego.
"Xenophobia" has been named Dictionary.com's word of the year, but public policy professor Robert Reich doesn't think "most people even know what xenophobia is." According to this article, he "felt so strongly about xenophobia's prominence today" that he discussed its implications in an interview.
Faculty from around the world will present on their state-of-the-art scientific and medical research findings and clinical experiences, as well as legal strategies and organizing tactics, at the 2017 National Clinical Conference on Cannabis Therapeutics set for Berkeley from May 18-20, 2017.
Valeska Castaneda can remember being pulled out of preschool after learning her mother was deported. She is now a permanent resident and a Cal alum who is a scholarship coordinator for UC Berkeley Alumni Scholars. Trump's election has set off a wave of panic among Berkeley's undocumented community.
Dana Vollmer, 29, will be the keynote speaker for winter commencement. Vollmer, 29, swam for Cal and was the first American swimmer to earn an Olympic gold after giving birth. The committee had drafted a ranked list of 20 candidates, but every speaker on the first list said they couldn't speak.
Dana Vollmer, 29 will be the keynote speaker for winter commencement. Vollmer, 29, swam for Cal and was the first American swimmer to earn an Olympic gold after giving birth. The committee had drafted a ranked list of 20 candidates, but every speaker on the first list said they couldn't speak.
Fantastic Beasts,’ amazing writing and terrible representation: "Rowling repeatedly suggests that she is an ally to the LGBTQ+ community and yet acts like anything but an ally."
Taking Math 54 and 55 at the same time?
Asked for letters of recommendation after submitting app?
Am I prepared enough for MCB 104 and MCB 130?
Course/GPA advice needed
Poli Sci 179 Study Guide
UPE membership requirements
Intentionally getting caught cheating
48 year old guy looking for apartment
Jake Fineman: "The fatal flaw of ASUC denizens: a lack of perspective. … Whether it's because of sunk costs, a culture of mutual masturbation or just the tendency of the electoral process to draw in the terminally self-important, the officials of ASUC have as a whole bought into their own bullshit."
More lewd comments from UC Regent Norm Pattiz. "One of my first physical sexual sensations was reaching down in somebody’s pants and feeling pubic hair. It was an instant hard-on, holy shit." The source about three of his female employees: "The look of disgust on their face is pretty unforgettable.”
After 18 years of managing Hummingbird Cafe on Euclid Avenue, Jamal Fares decided to move to his next venture a couple storefronts away: Zach's Snacks. Zach's Snacks — named after Fares' son Zakaria — cooks "real special meals" that are all homemade, contain little to no fat and are all kosher meat.
With the Electoral College set on Dec. 19 to cement the results of Donald Trump’s presidential win, UC Berkeley statistician Philip Stark is calling for an audit to double-check that hackers did not manipulate the results in an op-ed in USA Today with MIT cryptographer Ron Rivest.
A 16-year-old Berkeley High School student is suing BUSD for negligence. A male student in her PE class grabbed her buttock . When the victim asked the sexual perpetrator be arrested and charged with sexual assault, BPD's Ethell Wilson: "We are trying to keep these young men out of the system."
Hooman Yazdanian: "To daily cal sports alumni, we won ink bowl! 44-28!" The Ink Bowl is a game of flag football between The Daily Cal and The Stanford Daily the morning of the Big Game.
Academic Survey on *Hot Topic* Oil and Natural Gas Pipelines
How hard is it to get into a UGBA course without being a Haas major?
Cal grads working in SF, where do you live?
Academic Survey on *Hot Topic* Oil and Natural Gas Pipelines
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, which debuted Nov. 26, 1986, included a role for Eddie Murphy that was lost after a rewrite. Murphy was going to play an astrophysicist at Berkeley. Eventually the Murphy deal fell through and Gillian Taylor was worked into the script to replace him.
Cal women’s basketball head coach Lindsay Gottlieb, 39 told her team in early November she and her partner, Patrick Martin, are expecting a baby, due May 9. Gottlieb has created a family atmosphere in her six years at Cal, and the baby news has only added to that sense of commitment and bonding.
Cal junior placekicker Matt Anderson has a team-best GPA while studying business and is a Screen Actors Guild member for roles in commercials and the movie "Milk." With a career-high five field goals, four in the first half, Saturday, he became Cal's single-season leading scorer for the modern era.
Foreign Language for Application?
Friday, November 25, 2016, at 11:20pm an armed robbery occurred at Warring and Parker near Clark Kerr. The male victim was approached by two suspects. One displayed a handgun and demanded the victim's property. The suspects were described as: Two Black males in their 20s, both wearing dark clothing.
Transfer or stay? Berkeley (pre-Haas) vs Cornell (Applied Economics and Management)
Cal Beats UCLA 36-10
Boba Gift Cards
Cal alum Shanthi Sekaran on privileged immigrants: "Indian immigrants have done well, but their success doesn't spring from some inherent well of virtue. Nor should it be used as a cudgel against other immigrant groups. We didn't succeed because we're better, we succeeded because we had a path."
What do you take when you've fulfilled all breadths?
How hard is it to change majors within L&amp;S?
How hard is it to change majors within L&amp;S?
UCSD Transfer
when you realize thanksgiving is over
Step Inside The Real-Life 'Westworld' Of The 1920s / Berkeley
Longtime Berkeley entrepreneur Noah Alper launched Noah's Bagels, the chain of successful bagel stores, in 1989. Alper shared his story on Nov. 13 in Berkeley at the opening of "The Bagel and the Archive: Celebrating Noah's Bagels' Legacy," an exhibit of memorabilia he donated to the Magnes museum.
Cal joined other colleges in signing a statement supporting the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. Prerna Lal, an immigration attorney at Cal's Undocumented Student Program: "Ending DACA would wipe away at least $433.4 billion from the U.S. GDP cumulatively over 10 years."
William Marx "Bill" Mandel longtime KPFA-Berkeley programmer died Thanksgiving 2016 at 99. He was a fellow at Stanford's Hoover Institution, but lost his position due to the pressures of the McCarthy era. He is best known for standing up to McCarthy during a televised 1953 Senate committee hearing.
Hillary Clinton won 90.4% of the vote in Berkeley. Donald Trump finished third with 3.2% behind Green Party candidate Jill Stein who won 4.6% of the vote. Trump’s showing was the worst ever for a Republican presidential candidate in Berkeley. 2012: Romney 4.6%. 2008: McCain 4.9%. 2004: Bush 6.6%.
Haas Questions
Funding for grad humanities (OOS/int.)
How do I figure out when the final for a certain course is?
Minimalistic Poster I made of the Berkeley campus
UC-Berkeley Major Advice for fall 2017
Getting ready for finals!
What does a Trump administration mean for international students?
Catherine Straus, who is 5ft 8in and 120lb: My old house in Taiwan has a library that catalogs all the modeling print issues I've been in since my racially ambiguous physiques began to present themselves. My uncle: "You've only achieved the ideal weight if you look like a unfed, third-world child."
Berkeley in the Sixties
Last week, six campus golf carts were reported stolen or lost. The carts range in value from $3,000 to $8,000. A campuswide email sent Monday noted that stealing a golf cart — even if taken only for a short distance or period of time — is considered motor vehicle theft and is a felony.
Taking advantage of the fact that every thought a person has creates a unique electrical signal, Berkeley scientists at the BioSENSE Lab, led by information and EECS professor John Chuang, have developed a breakthrough technology that reads brainwaves to identify individuals.
Lorraine Ador Dionisio, 19, maintained a 4.7 GPA while working construction 20 hours a week. Accepted to Harvard, Yale, Princeton and Stanford, she chose to attend Cal. She intends to become an oncologist and join Doctors Without Borders to serve the memory of her father, who died of cancer in 2015.
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will discuss his new book, "Our Revolution," at UC Berkeley's Zellerbach Hall at 2 p.m. Dec. 2. "Our Revolution" covers Sanders' run for the presidency, and the movement he sparked. Tickets to the event cost $35, and include a copy of Sanders' book.
3 candidates vie for Mayor-elect Jesse Arreguin's City Council seat (Vote December 8!)
Accidentally submitted an assignment late. Please help!
Chemistry B.A. vs. B.S. for Pre-med
Studying for Pol Sci 179 Exam
Military guy looking for some advice..
Is anything open today?
Michigan [instate] vs Berkeley [out of state]
Personal statements for Haas?
Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man
How does one figure out their position on the waitlist for a course's discussion section?
If I'm up to a good spot in a wait list but the section I want is full, is it true that people behind me on the waitlist will get accepted into the course if they had picked open sections?
Melissa Batchelor Warnke: You can blame us self-absorbed Berkeley liberals for the election results — but not our identity politics. The far left was so rigid it punished those trying to electing the Democrat with self-serving accusations that those who disagreed were racists, sexists or sellouts.
Berkeley police arrested three men and a woman after a robbery at a Southside Berkeley market Monday evening. When they were confronted by an employee, a male suspect threw a can of Red Bull at her. Suspects: Terenia Richardson and Tyger Livingston, both 18, James Hamlin, 20, and Elonzo Reed, 21.
29 businesses on the north side of Solano Avenue were vandalized early Wednesday morning by two youths who scratched "Felipe" and some obscene words on their windows. After being alerted, police chased the youths on foot for four blocks and apprehended one. The other was arrested at 4:35 a.m.
Berkeley Recreational Sports partnered with Hotel Durant and Henry's Tuesday to provide a free Thanksgiving dinner to 300 students unable to get home for the holiday. It cost $12,000 to provide staffing and food. On Thanksgiving Day, the Café 3 campus dining hall will serve meals from 3-5 p.m.
Cal alum and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak returned to Berkeley to speak of his philosophies as an engineer, a startup founder and a liberal. To aspiring startup founders, Wozniak said instead of trying to understand what "people out there" want, they should create products perfect for themselves.
Wanna Jog my dog?
I Phase One'd a course relatively early, but it fully filled up and I'm still on the waitlist??
Trump Protest Tracker
UC Berkeley scientists debunk theory that young blood transfusions cure aging
Berkeley's most successful graduate... Live on YouNow
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox: "There is no handy road map to navigate queer love… Is he gonna lay his jacket over the puddle on Bancroft Way, or is that my duty? Am I paying for dinner or is he? I try to play into what will look the most 'traditional' to appease my desire for homonormativity."
Makalia Aga, an admin assistant in Cal's statistics department, sued Cal saying she was terminated for reporting age and race discrimination. Aga was rejected for lacking an accounting degree though she had one. Kamini Iyer, the applicant hired, has a degree in environmental sciences, not accounting
Berkeley Mayor-elect Jesse Arreguín held a press conference Tuesday to make clear he and City Council will reaffirm Berkeley's sanctuary city status in response to Trump's threats to withdraw federal funds. Berkeley receives $11.5 million in federal funding to help the city's most vulnerable.
Immunology and Pathogenesis?
Is BAMPFA open during Thanksgiving?
UC Berkeley wants me to pay back a $5,300 grant... Help please!
A sexual assault occurred Tuesday, November 22, 2016, at 1:30am in an affiliated co-op. A male student met the suspect on the internet. The sexual assault occurred in the victim's room. Suspect: a Black male, 20, 170 to 190 pounds, 5’8” to 5’9” in height, dreadlocks and a black goatee.
A sexual assault occurred at Tuesday, November 22, 2016, at 1:30am in an affiliated co-op. A male student met the suspect on the internet. The sexual assault occurred in the victim's room. Suspect: a Black male, 20, 170 to 190 pounds, 5’8” to 5’9” in height, dreadlocks and a black goatee.
Homework for Thanksgiving break
Too Much Class Time Conflicts
For all my Bears brimming with righteous indignation, I present to you "The Art of the Protest" by Kim Rosenberg
Wondering why there was the Piedmont/Gayley Closure this morning?
GRE scores for a STEM program? Specifically Chemistry.
Malcolm X - interview at UC Berkeley
MSE151 Polymeric Materials
Trump Unlocked A Wave Of Hate — In One Of The Bluest Cities In America
District 2 voters rejected incumbent Berkeley Councilman Darryl Moore's bid for re-election and handed the seat to progressive challenger Cheryl Davila. Her unexpected victory contributed to a shake-up, where progressives will now command at least five, and possibly six, votes on the City Council.
Delamontae Stewart, 22, and Zachery Haliburton, 19, both of Oakland, robbed a woman of her laptop Saturday at a Berkeley Starbucks on 3000 Telegraph Avenue. A community member blocked the door but stopped after the robber brandished a pistol. The thieves were caught with the help of alert citizens.
An alert neighbor pointed police to a transient man, Joseph Ford, 26, seen walking out of a South Berkeley home with what appeared to be stolen goods Saturday, which ultimately led, after further investigation, to his arrest on suspicion of burglary, possession of stolen property.
Tom Bates, Berkeley's outgoing mayor, who was the youngest person ever to serve as Alameda County Supervisor when he won his first election in 1972, is now the oldest person ever to serve as Berkeley mayor. He’s also the longest-serving mayor, 14 years in all. But he's never taken a penny in salary.
Over half of Chancellor Nicholas Dirks cabinet, 13 administrators, have announced their resignations since April 2015, including all but one of the campus's vice chancellors and vice provosts, casting doubt on UC Berkeley’s reputation and ability to govern itself effectively.
Cal Central class conflict handling?
Does anybody want to sell me their cap and gown?
Should I get a bad GPA/major from Berkeley, or transfer down and probably do better?
UC Berkeley M.E.T. Program
PhD application - EECS or CS
PhD application - EECS or CS
Speculating about potential impact of mass undocumented deportations under Trump, Ken Rosen, chair of Berkeley's Fisher Center for Real Estate says reduced demand and new apartment construction "could create a surplus of housing in certain parts of the country. The Bay Area could be one of them."
On Friday, UC Berkeley professor of Sanskrit Robert Goldman and his team celebrated the upcoming publication of the final book of a multi-decade research project — the translation of the about 50,000-line Sanskrit epic poem "Valmiki Ramayana" into English. The poem is 3,000 years old.
20 rain-soaked members of Teamsters Local 2010 protested their current wages and food insecurity in front of the Big Game. "They should move somewhere where they can afford to live," said Gerald Jones, a Cal alumnus, adding UC workers likely had higher wages than others who worked in the Bay Area.
The Big Give raised over $11.6 million, raising over twice as much as 2015. 16% of Cal's 2014-15 budget was from donations compared to 29% from tuition/fees and 13% from the state. Liliana Trujillo felt bad for not donating but called the request for students to donate beyond tuition "ridiculous."
SuitX, a company spun off from Cal mechanical engineering professor Homayoon Kazerooni's lab, makes exoskeletons for people with disabilities, and they've launched some devices that use the same technologies to both improve the power of able-bodied workers and help prevent common workplace injuries.
So stuck on CS70 homework..don't know what to do.
4.0 but no Deans List?
Question about CoC undergrad research
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: Students must not criticize peers based on field of study. The shameful elitism so prevalent among men in EECS isn't unique to them. Clichés abound: EECS majors will make more money than IB majors. Business majors are sellouts. English majors will work as baristas.
Daily Cal: "We plan to digitize every Daily Cal issue, from the newspaper's conception in 1871 to the present day. Every week, students are scanning page after page from microfilm reels at the campus library — a monotonous yet marvelous march through Berkeley's past." Website: newsprint.dailycal.org
Cal football suffers another Big Game disappointment after losing 45-31 to Stanford. Sonny Dykes: "I'm disappointed in the way the night played out. I thought going into halftime we were in a pretty good position, and then we came out in 3rd quarter and didn't maximize our possessions on offense."
UC Chief Financial Officer Nathan Brostrom pointed out a $23 billion gap between UC funding with current state and tuition levels and the operational budget and proposed a $300 or less tuition increase. Over 50 students railed against potential tuition hikes in protest and during public comment.
The ASUC office of the Chief Financial Officer, Paul Cho, released financial information about ASUC leadership spending on a new website. The Office of the External Affairs Vice President, headed by Andre Luu, has the largest budget at $107,000, while senator Rosa Kwak has the smallest at $120.
webcasts for classes you arent enrolled in
EL BICITAXI - SHAKIRA FT CARLOS VIVES - PARODIA
[Game Thread] Stanford @ California (5:30PM ET) • /r/CFB
PSA: California and Stanford are playing a League of Legends edition of The Big Game at the Intel Extreme Masters in Oakland at this moment
/r/Berkeley Chatroom?
Is it possible to turn on heaters for rooms in the units?
[FREE EVENT] Green Friday! Birdwatching for Beginners at Middle Harbor Shoreline Park
The Axe, presented to the winner of Saturday's Big Game, originated in 1899 when Stanford students thought it would be funny to taunt Cal students at a baseball game by using a lumberman's axe to decapitate a straw man dressed in blue and gold. The Cal students were peeved and stole the axe.
Thousands of tickets are available for the 2:30 p.m. kickoff of the 119th Big Game in Berkeley. Expect to see empty seats in the home and visitor sections. Cal and Stanford fans: Passion for the Big Game has waned in recent years. Three most popular reasons: The schedule, The logistics, The product.
Big Game week. Sonny Dykes: "I'm not going to lie to you: My children, my wife and myself do not have a red piece of clothing in our entire arsenal of clothes," he said Sunday. "We don't own anything red. My daughters don't actually let anyone who comes into our house wear anything red."
For the third time in nine days, thieves ran into the Berkeley Apple store on Fourth Street and made off with stolen electronics. Four to six people in their late teens or early 20s ran into the shop, grabbed what they could and ran out. BPD: Berkeley is still a safe place to shop.
Cardinal and Golden Bears football fans should think about water-proofing their school spirit with rain ponchos as weather forecasters predicted a rainstorm to roll into the Bay Area in time for the Big Game in Berkeley. Wind gusts are expected to reach 20 to 30 mph.
Is the Big Game free for freshmen?
I need insight from my fellow Bears. What are your thoughts on end-to-end encryption apps Wickr Me and Signal?
According to leaked data, 44% of grad students in one dept at UC Berkeley reported harassment or discrimination in the last three yrs. Here's what they did about it.
44% of grad students in one dept at UC Berkeley experienced harassing or discriminating behavior. Here's what they did about it.
Mayor-elect Jesse Arreguín called for a 7am gathering Friday to celebrate the city's shared community values at Civic Center Park for an hour-long celebration. Participants – who are encouraged to wear their "best tie-dye" – will form a giant peace sign. Breakfast will be served.
Mayor-elect Jesse Arreguín called for a 7am gathering Friday to celebrate the city's shared community values at Civic Center Park. Breakfast will be served. Trump has threatened to pull federal funding from sanctuary cities. Arreguín reiterated Berkeley's pledge to protect those who need sanctuary.
Berkeley police arrested three young men with a gun after an attempted robbery Monday night near the UC Berkeley campus. The incident happened shortly before 10:30 p.m. near Piedmont Avenue and Dwight Way. The individuals arrested are Aaron Gallon, 19, Rondell Fluker, 18, and Grady Walker Jr., 18.
8 BUSD students filed a federal civil rights lawsuit seeking class-action status, alleging district officials racially profiled and intimidated them to gather info about their English language development teacher, Yvette Felarca, who was caught on video attacking a neo-Nazi at a Sacramento rally.
Former UC Berkeley School of Law dean Sujit Choudhry, who resigned from his position after an employee sued him for sexual harassment, dropped his racial discrimination suit against the university Tuesday. Choudhry currently remains a tenured law professor but is not assigned to teach any classes.
ASUC gives QARC, bridges temporary spaces in the MLK Student Union. Student Action's Miranda Hernandez: "There's a difference between holding folks accountable and bullying them. I really wish our conversations first started out as more of a dialogue instead of students being pit against students."
Cal Dining: no 'shirt', no service
Should I apply to BioE masters or PhD?
This is the only answer I've seen him endorse
Cheapest Blueberries at Berkeley
Stanford band grounded for Big Game against Cal
Nathan Magee on the death of the Left: "When we watch Donald and Hillary yell at each other for 90 minutes and call it a debate, we clearly dilute our own ability to be civil and sophisticated in discussions. And, as it turns out, civility is the only thing that was holding up the Democratic Party."
Like ancient myths? Looking for an L&amp;S breadth course? Take The Classic Myths (Classics 28) in Spring 2017!
Is it too late to change a class to P/NP?
[ADVICE] I think I unknowingly got involved in someone's cheating scheme
Public radio talk show host Diane Rehm is retiring the Diane Rehm Show, and a new show called 1A will take its midday slot. Cal Journalism lecturer Joshua Johnson, co-creator and host of the radio series Truth Be Told about race in America, will host the new live two-hour radio and podcast show.
Two people have been injured in a shooting at Strawberry Creek Park in Berkeley. According to a witness at the scene, the gunfire took place at about 3:10 p.m. at the park's basketball courts. He said 15-20 high-school-aged kids got into a fight. Three gunshots were fired and everyone scattered.
Cal instituted new rules for non-student access to Moffitt Library to limit overcrowding. Anne Finger, an Oakland resident who uses a wheelchair, on using Moffitt to reach Gardner Main Stacks. "I said I have no choice, you can call security if you want. Using the library is really important to me."
Students of Nezar AlSayyad, a UC Berkeley architecture professor found to have violated UC sexual misconduct policy, will now have the option to complete the remainder of one of his courses under a new instructor, according to an email announcement Wednesday to students of the course.
Cal Students Protesting (1970)
ASUC Senate Gives into Demands of Bridges/QARC. 4th and 5th floors of MLK Student Union are now no longer available to the general student body.
Is anyone attending the ASUC meeting tonight where allocating spaces is supposed to be discussed? If so, can you give us all an update?
UCLA FB tickets
Anyone know any easy ways to get shrooms/acid around campus?
Parking an expensive car in Berkeley
Should I transfer to Berkeley?
Research says there are ways to reduce racial bias. Calling people racist isn’t one of them.
Lightning round! Get your friends together and make a short with Adobe BY TONIGHT - and win $2000 as well as nationwide exposure. Take a look!
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox on Mike Pence: "For $19.99, my mom and dad invested in a 'previously' gay reverend's at-home conversion series, hoping his religious instructions would cleanse me of my demonic darkness. The election instantly threw me right back into the seat in my family car."
BPD arrested Travis Penaluna, 25, of El Sobrante and Christina Taylor, 32, Kensington Monday night in the Berkeley Marina after being alerted to the stolen BMW the pair happened to be sitting in. BPD found 2 handguns, 1.25 grams of suspected meth, credit cards, checks, and mail from several victims.
A 2016 Berkeley High graduate who was killed last week in Oakland along with his mothers was remembered Monday during a vigil on campus. 100 people came together to remember Benny Wright, 19. Benny's mother, former BUSD teacher Patricia Wright, and her partner, Charlotte Reed, were also killed.
When Jesse Arreguin was elected to be Berkeley's next mayor, news outlets said he'd be the city's youngest. But that title belongs to Charles D. Heywood, president of the Berkeley Lumber company. A one-term Berkeley mayor, Heywood was just 31 years old when he was elected to the seat April 26, 1913.
George Soros recruit seasoned and professional protesters from Berkeley
Did big data fail us in the presidential election? https://accelerateai.eventbrite.com
Sex on Tuesday Columnist Chris Cox on facing conversion therapy: "For the low price of $19.99, my mom and dad invested in a “previously” gay reverend’s at-home conversion series, hoping his religious instructions would cleanse me of my demonic darkness."
berkeley
Deathly Hallows projected onto the Campanile
What's going on with the intrusive ads and click activated pop-ups on dailycal.org?
ASUC Senate will be voting tomorrow to give into demands and allocate 4th and 5th floors of MLK Student Union to bridges/QARC. Currently, these are rooms reservable by the entire student body. Speak now or forever hold your peace.
bhounce a new web-app that only university students can get in to. Would you guys mind testing it? &lt;3
Free edibles for new eaze patients!
$6,000 inflatable Oski allegedly stolen, found earlier this month
Survey For Class, Please help by answering, Takes 5-10 minutes max
Dozens of Cal graduate students sent a starkly worded petition to campus leaders demanding professor Nezar AlSayyad be suspended for sexually harassing grad student Eva Hagberg Fisher. Petition signers are refusing to attend his classes and are asking for another way to finish the semester's work.
Christopher Yee on Trump's election: "We're an interracial couple — I'm Chinese and Japanese American, and she's Latin American, with roots in both Central and South America. We had hoped to start a family in the next few years, and now she's not so sure she wants to bring a child into this world."
A second victim came forward with sexual assault allegations against Sardar Sikandar Wali Zia Khan, 25, a UC Berkeley student who was charged with rape and sexual penetration of a 19-year-old female student in September. Khan to Daily Cal: "I'm innocent, 100 percent."
Ismael Chamu was walking home from the 99 Cents Only Store when a red Ford pickup truck driven by two white men slowed beside him — "Son-of-a-bitch wetback," one yelled. Chamu is one of a number of Cal students who have posted about their experience with identity-based harassment in the past week.
In a world of misinformation, 9 alumni/roommates are bravely spreading the truth about Stanfurd
Does anybody have the their final for lucas stat 20 and can help a guy out?
Declaring stats without the GPA requirement?
PSA: Recent grads, you can now claim your @berkeley.edu email address!
Hey r/Berkeley, interested in History? Archaeology? Want to have a free sandwich and listen to an interesting talk that's NOT-election related? Join Canadian Studies Tuesday at noon in 223 Moses for "The Fur Trade Before the Fur Trade." Free / open to all.
Consequences of a No Pass
Good news - Stanfurd band will not attend Big Game due to travel ban
Please sign to support undocumented students at Berkeley
What do YOU think?
On Monday Oakland schools anti-Trump protest draws more than 1000 students
Cal's Men's Basketball Team enters the AP Top 25 at #25!
http://collegebasketball.ap.org/poll/2017/2
Cal's Basketball Team enters the AP Top 25 for College Basketball at #25!
Last year 89% of EECS department degrees went to male students. Memes characterize CS students as socially awkward white/Asian males; women as anomalies. To declare the CS major, students must earn a 3.3 GPA in three intro courses. In the 2015 fall semester the average GPA in those classes was 3.12.
It's Big Game Week fellow Californians!
Jake Fineman: After a long day of chanting "not my president," I came home to see ASUC President Will Morrow (a straight white man!) announced he'd be taking a knee during the Big Game's national anthem out of solidarity with communities marginalized by Trump. I wept because I'd found my president.
I'm feeling Churchill...
Anyone have a digital camera I could borrow for a few days?
Julia Bertolero: "Walking into Soda Hall (the CS mecca) is like suddenly stumbling upon Narnia, except that instead of beautiful forests and amazing fairyland creatures, everything is made of sharp edges, brightly lit screens and intensely focused robots — seriously, there are robots everywhere."
Summer Langton: When I was 13, my mother lost a lifelong battle with depression, committing suicide. I am telling you this because of how similarly I felt during the time of my mother’s death and that of Donald Trump's election to POTUS. Both are the results of extreme mourning and heartbreak.
100 people marched through Berkeley Saturday night to protest Donald Trump. Cal freshman Estela Montiel: "I'm coming to the realization that he's not our president, and I'm angry about it. This is an injustice to people of color, especially for people like me (because) I'm not a permanent resident.”
Looking for recommendation on a place that does Cheap brake replacement.
Can anybody recommend good used tire places that are cheap around SF or east bay?
Where to watch the Supermoon?
Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student: Nezar AlSayyad, architecture professor
Fatima Al Khaleef, a Cal sophomore, wore a baseball cap under her sweatshirt hood. Normally, she wears a headscarf, but several times in the past week she'd been subjected to slurs, so she took it off for her own safety. UC Berkeley students sat at Sproul under the banner "Undocumented. Unafraid."
Judge strikes down Sujit Choudhry's motion to halt university disciplinary proceedings against him | The Daily Californian
Julia Bertolero on "own citrus Hitler" Donald Trump: "So while this orange monster, the future captain of our nation's great ship, sets his sights on darker waters, ones no American can survive, I'll choose not to climb aboard. Not my captain, nor my president, I stand on the shore with the others."
A man is at large after pulling a gun on security officers in Berkeley Thursday. After 5:00 p.m., he pulled a gun on security guards in the parking lot of the Berkeley Bowl grocery store at 2020 Oregon Street as he was leaving with a sandwich. The suspect is described as a black male in his 50's.
Ultraliberal Jesse Arreguin, who will become mayor, symbolizes the city's new political order. He has opposed tall, dense buildings near transit corridors. Voters elected two new city council members, Sophie Hahn and Ben Bartlett. Challenger Cheryl Davila is poised to unseat incumbent Darryl Moore.
What's the funniest/craziest incident you ever had with a Haas student?
Thousands Plan To Join Hands Around Oakland's Lake Merritt In Protest of Trump on Sunday at 3pm
design course for EECS with least amount of project/debugging?
Where can I find some bricks in Berkeley?
Liars Club, Mafia and You [apologies for yesterday + wanna play cool Mafia regularly on campus soon?]
November 8, 2016 at 6:40pm two victims were on Upper Sproul Plaza viewing Election Returns, when they were approached by a White male in his 50s, with a heavy build, who began yelling homophobic and racial slurs at the victims. He spat at both victims with the spittle landing on one of the students.
On November 8, 2016, at 6:40pm two victims were on Upper Sproul Plaza viewing Election Returns, when they were approached by a male suspect. The suspect began yelling homophobic and racial slurs at the victims. The suspect then spat at both victims with the spittle landing on one of the students.
New anti-Trump protests set for S.F., Oakland
does anyone know anybody majoring in 'interdisciplinary studies'?
I feel like this is how I'm about to be...
Police in Berkeley say two women and a man are responsible for three violent robberies all within a span of 20 minutes of each other. In one, they robbed a Cal student, as he walked alone, on Spruce Street. He tried to get away but they caught him, pinned him to the ground, and started punching him.
Thieves stole an estimated 50 electronic devices from the Berkeley Apple store Tuesday night, and the store was hit again Thursday afternoon around 3 p.m., with a smaller group taking an estimated 20 devices, authorities report. The shop has been targeted before, especially around the holidays.
On Wednesday, November 9, Berkeley journalism student Kyle Merrit Ludowitz was attacked and robbed of his photographic equipment in Oakland, California during the protests against the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. Ludowitz was wearing his laminated press pass at the time of the attack.
Big Splash: Tickets free for Cal students. This Saturday, Cal men's water polo will be taking on No. 6 Stanford in Berkeley. With home-pool advantage and wins over No. 2 USC, No. 4 UCSB and No. 5 Pacific, the Bears (17-3) should be confident but careful not to underestimate the Cardinal (12-5).
MLK and Ashby incident
Alums who claimed a @berkeley.edu email... do you know if there is a way to change the address? And is your old inbox in there when you made an account?
BlackSheep: Let's keep the progressive legacy alive, bears!
Nelson Mandela's words apropos of today's political climate
Berkeley Liars Club. Come lie with us today!
[serious] Bernie Sanders for 2017 commencement speaker
Catherine Straus: From a nasty woman. In senior year of high school, a guy nonconsensually grinded his dick on me the first time I got white-girl wasted. A "friend": "Can you blame him?" Trump’s victory despite a discriminatory comment every other day suggests United States is the white man's world.
BPD are on the scene in South Berkeley looking for a man with a gun tied to a robbery between 5 and 6 p.m. Police were responding to a robbery report when an officer spotted someone run into a yard. Police set up a perimeter and asked for a police dog from another agency to aid in the search.
After Donald Trump's election victory, Cal created safe spaces for minority students, and for those who might be illegal immigrants. There are also special "healing spaces" for women and those who identify as LGBT. Four vice chancellors: "Be gentle with yourselves and take care of each other."
UC Berkeley professors and senior campus leaders led a rally of over 400 people on the steps of Sproul Hall at noon Thursday organizing in light of Donald Trump’s unexpected presidential win. It was led by faculty equity advisers, who are appointed in each department to support equity and inclusion.
For the second night in a row, BAMN led protesters outraged over Donald Trump's presidential win into the streets Thursday, but this time chose to stay in the Berkeley area. "We got to be voting with our feet,” BAMN organizer Yvette Felarca urged the crowd. "Are you ready to take a stand?"
UPDATE: Police Now Say Muslim Woman Lied About Attack By Man In 'Trump' Hat
It has begun.
Professors Injecting Their Politics into Classes. Can it stop?
Trump Supporters, Let's Talk
Mock CS technical interview support?
PSA: Don't be the racism and hatred that you're protesting/fighting against.
Phase 2 unit limit increased to 17.5 units
Seniors: choose Trump for commencement speaker 2017!
After Donald Trump became president-elect, Cal junior Kalila Kirk wore a homemade sandwich board. The back: "White America—We Did This. We should be ashamed. We need to change." The front: "If you are a person of color, a Muslim, a woman, undocumented, a person with disabilities, etc you are loved."
UC Berkeley students here?
How do I express my beliefs without infringing upon other students?
Dear Berkeley High kids
Anyone interning at LinkedIn this summer? (Software engineering)
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: Nation's choice, but not ours. "Racism, xenophobia and misogyny characterized Donald Trump’s campaign. ... Trump's election marks a backward leap that invalidates years of progress fought and bled for by civil rights martyrs striving for a better future."
Anti-Donald Trump protesters initially organized by BAMN took to the streets for a second night Wednesday. Police deployed tear gas and responded to widespread vandalism and fires as Berkeley protesters joined thousands in Oakland. At least one OPD officer was injured. A police car was set on fire.
The Alameda Police closed investigations into a BHS water polo team member’s alleged sexual battery on an opponent, after the accuser and his parents decided to drop the case. The allegation: A BHS member either touched or grabbed the genital area of an Encinal water polo player during the game.
Berkeley voters approved a landlord tax increase of 1.8% that will raise millions for affordable housing. The measure, U1, passed with 74% of the vote. A competing measure, which landlord groups placed on the ballot in an effort to undermine U1, also passed, but with only 71% of the vote.
Hello fellow students, welcome to the real world.
Thank you Donald Trump
Safe Spaces, Healing Circles, and Riots
Berkeley/Oakland riots thread
Alameda county presidential votes: 77.8% Clinton, 15.4% Trump
UCB Multicultural Center holds POC/black-only event
Does anyone know any information about joining a symphony/concert band next semester?
Students react to election results: wall of whiteboard post it notes
Students react to election results - whiteboard post it notes
Trumps educational reforms begin with pushing back midterms and projects
[Video] Berkeley election protest
'09 Alum, Asian female registered in a swing state. I voted Trump, and it's all thanks to SJW
񔐽 major key alert: watch your back
Cal alum Jesse Arreguin, 32, was elected Berkeley's mayor with 52% of the vote, making him the city's first Latino mayor and the youngest in recent history. His victory is a triumph for his youth-driven grassroots campaign which advocated for strong progressive policies. Bernie Sanders endorsed him.
Around 1500 Berkeley High School students left class this morning and marched up Bancroft and towards Sproul Plaza after Donald Trump was elected president, chanting, "He's not our president, he’s not our president." Bobbie Reyes: There'll be a gathering on the Cal campus for people of color at 8pm.
I'm a student at Berkeley High School and I would just like to say sorry on behalf of my school.
Election Results Megathread
UCB Multicultural center hosts POC/black-only event
Berkeley students riot in response to Trump election
Can the school please expel these fucking students disrupting the peace? Like shut the fuck up you piece of shits.
March down telegraph ave. after trump announces presidency
SJWs, hope you learned your lesson
Embarrassment at having to admit they didn't vote is one of the biggest motivators to vote a study co-authored by Cal economics professor Stefano DellaVigna found. "The results document substantial shame from admitting to not voting, though little evidence of pride from conversely claiming to vote."
After 6 decades on Telegraph Avenue, Caffe Mediterraneum will close temporarily. Longtime owner Craig Becker has transferred the lease of the iconic café to a group of restaurateurs. Its last day in its current incarnation will be Nov. 30. After an extensive renovation, the café will reopen in 2017.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox: "Fucking a hot white guy is supposed to be a sexual accomplishment after all. So I begrudgingly obeyed his order, shoving the length of his miniature Campanile down my esophagus to barely scrape my tonsil."
Two new restaurants that intend to deliver fast food made with quality ingredients — The Organic Coup and Super Duper Burgers — are set to join the Berkeley food scene. Additionally, an In-N-Out Burger, set to open in Emeryville, will become the chain’s closest location to campus.
Tyann Sorrell, a campus employee who sued former UC Berkeley School of Law dean Sujit Choudhry for sexual harassment and sparked a massive shift by the administration to address sexual misconduct on campus, is set to return to campus Wednesday.
Trump might be our president soon, but our weed is now legal!
Big game week activities
Trump won. Sather Gate protesters, what now?
TIL Sweetheart and UCafe are owned by the same person (who's also against soda tax)
Check out the Daily Cal's live coverage of the 2016 election - voting underway across Berkeley
Art 8 Enrollment
Juan Prieto in a New York Times op-ed: Even at Berkeley, I Face Threats as an Undocumented Student. I received an anonymous email threatening to report my family and me to immigration agents. It had details about my actions during the protest, seeming to be from someone who had seen me on campus.
Where to watch 2016 election results in Berkeley: ASUC's UC Berkeley Election Night Extravaganza on Sproul Plaza from 6-11pm; Institute for Governmental Studies at 109 Moses Hall, UC Berkeley, from 5-10pm; First Congregational Church with free pizza; La Peña Cultural Center; and Bobby G's Pizzeria.
Monday morning lots of chalk tagging were scrawled on many parts of the campus with messages of support for Berkeley mayoral candidate Jesse Arreguín. The most common message was "Vote Jesse 4 Mayor". Christine Shaff, who reported the tagging to UCPD, said she counted 70 instances of different tags.
The homeless encampment removed early Friday was moved to directly across from Berkeley High School. The shift was from the steps of Berkeley’s Civic Center building on Milvia Street to the corner of Milvia and Allston Way. At lunchtime Monday, the homeless encampment consisted of eight tents.
Target will open a store at 1414 University Ave. in Berkeley on the site of the former Savers Thrift and, before that, Andronico’s. It will be the second central Berkeley location for Target, which opened a Target Express in downtown last year.
Police in Alameda have launched an investigation into a report that a Berkeley High School student on the boys water polo team sexually assaulted an opponent during a match last month, officials said Monday. The Berkeley team's coach, Raymond Haywood, said he had not heard about the incident.
History Classes Spring 2017
Where to buy MacBook Pro MagSafe 2 Charger? ASAP
Are phone appointments with a nurse through the Tang Center free?
Illegal Immigrant at UC Berkeley Complains on the NYTimes About Not Receiving Enough Funding
Do you need a student ID to use a student section ticket for football games?
EECS Junior, unable to land interview so far
Help honoring an Alumn's Life work in social justice
Financial Aid questions, frustration
(Shot on UC Berkeley Campus) How Liberals really feel about black people.
Cal women’s basketball dominates Westmont in season-opening exhibition, 87-48. Granted, Cal’s opponent may have been a small Christian liberal arts college, but this is what good teams are supposed to do against teams that are outsized and outmatched.
Safeway is set to buy Andronico's, a local supermarket chain founded in Berkeley in 1929. Bonnie Hampton, a former Cal music teacher, is unhappy. "I just won’t shop here anymore, even though it’s very convenient for me," Hampton said, noting that Safeway's products are not as good as Andronico's.
When polls open across the country Tuesday morning, more than 7,700 newly registered UC Berkeley students will be casting their ballots in the local, state and national elections. They were registered by the ASUC Vote Coalition's multi-month, campuswide initiative to register 10,000 students.
Berkeleyside is pursuing a crowdfunding-based investment model to sustain its company through a direct public offering. Shares are being offered at $2 per share, with a minimum investment of $1,000. There will be a 3 percent dividend. Berkeleyside is looking to invest in a second full-time reporter.
BPD arrested Meleko Norris, 18, Sunday after responding to multiple gunshots near Telegraph and Durant avenues about 1:50 a.m. A large crowd of people had congregated in front of Pappy’s, partying in the street, according to Cal student Robert Becsenescu. "They would stop cars and hit them."
Hey fellow bears! We just launched Dormparison. Rate and review your dorm to help others find their ideal dorm!
Taking classes 1 minute apart?
Position 33 on Chem 3AL class. Possible to get in?
Do CS prereqs taken outside of Berkeley contribute to GPA cap?
How to sneak into Clark Kerr Dorms?
Anyone selling tickets to the Big Game?
Seeking advice in multi unit apartment matter…
Best way to get tickets for the Big Game?
Berkeley police arrest male after gunfire on Telegraph
Can't get graduation tickets
EECS
Haas Business and EECS Double Major as a CC transfer?
The Script California: Freshman Class of 1948-Graduating Class of 2021
Does anyone know of any Berkeley license plate frames that mount with four holes?
Has anyone else noticed tap water tasting different, in the last week or so?
Neil Lawrence, who is trans: "When I got to college and saw the other young gay boys with their fearless bathroom sex and their flexible legs and the way they spun older men through their revolving bedroom doors, I was furious with jealousy. I wanted to be that valuable of a commodity."
How Your Pee Could Help Billions of People: Berkeley doctoral environmental engineering student William Tarpeh found an easy way of extracting nitrogen from urine to make liquid fertilizer, and now he's investigating ways of scaling up the process to cheaply convert large amounts.
Peter Y. Sussman: The tree that crashed down on the sidewalk and a private yard somehow didn't hit any pedestrians or motorists on that heavily traveled part of College Avenue. Next time we are unlikely to be that lucky. There will be a next time as stress cracks on surrounding sidewalks make clear.
Arguing for the expansion of Social Security as a policy proposal for the next president, Berkeley public policy and economics professor Jesse Rothstein says that raising the Social Security payroll tax rate by just one percent would make everyone's benefit 15 percent larger.
Heidi Boley, 69, drowned Friday when the canoe she and two friends were riding in overturned on the Russian River near Healdsburg. She taught math and science at Berkeley High School for 21 years and was working part-time for the District in the Berkeley Research, Evaluation &amp; Assessment department.
Cs61a glookup?
Cal Bears lose to the Washington Huskies 66-27
Cal Football: Marshawn Lynch Rides On Cart Again
Looking to buy Marshawn Lynch bobblehead
can i beg L&amp;S to let me take a class for a third time after failing twice? it's a major requirement
What is a unit off-contract fee?
Questions about HAAS
What the **** is wrong with me?
What the fuck is wrong with me?
What the fuck is wrong with me?
In 2012, a Berkeley study found that Bay Area traffic is five times worse when BART is not fully functioning. The finding comes up in an article about Measure RR, a bond that aims to invest in BART maintenance and upgrades.
The national call center for Hillary Clinton's campaign is in Berkeley at 1224 Solano Ave. The overarching, laser-focused objective is to get out the vote, specifically among Clinton supporters. It opened on Oct. 22, and will remain open until the result of the presidential election is called.
Fired Crossroads worker Alex Patz faces charges for having a concealed firearm in his car after trespassing at Crossroads Oct. 25. Patz has over 12 firearms, including three semi-automatic rifles and an assault rifle he bought recently. A Crossroads employee: Staff are concerned about their safety.
Luciana "Lucy" Castle, 16, is missing out of Berkeley. Last seen Nov. 1 at 2am, she left while her mother was at home and has not been at school. She is 5'6'' inches, 125 pounds, with dark brown hair, brown eyes, and fair skin. She last contacted a friend on Snapchat, saying she was safe in Albany.
Big Ideas Courses. Anyone have more insight on these unique courses?
Analyzing Housing Prices in Berkeley
RIP Pacific Cookie Company
Police roust homeless camp; activists vow to return -&gt; Protest march happening NOW on MLK Jr. Way
What is Cal's reputation in SoCal (LA area)? My brother can't choose between Haas, UCLA, or USC's Marshall
Storming Sather Gate: Two Student Groups Demand Visibility
Berkeley students made to look ignorant due to white guilt psychosis.
Berkeley students called out on ignorance
Why is there no waitlist for Math 53?
EECS Community Safety Workshop will be held Friday, 11/4 from 1:00-2:00pm in 306 Soda Hall. Officer Salvador Lopez from UCPD will be giving tips on staying safe. Some topics he will address: Safety when traveling at night. What should I do if I am mugged? Increased security measures.
Catherine Straus on the friendzone myth: "My emotional harasser does not hesitate to tell me how I feel and encodes my every action as me trying to fuck. … I’ve even lost sleep on the nights before a midterm because of his abusive comments triggering my anxiety and felt anxious throughout the test."
Ingrid Perez, 44, a nanny who has worked for many families for over a decade, was charged with felony child abuse. BPD: In surveillance footage, she hit, slapped, threw, dragged and forced a six-month old boy's head into his bed because he wouldn't go to sleep, causing him to cry uncontrollably.
After serving healthy fast food for two decades, Smart Alec's Intelligent Food on the corner of Durant and Telegraph permanently shut its doors Monday. Because the lease was set to expire the owner decided to close because of increased rent, excess competition and increasing restaurant expenditures.
UC Regent Norman Pattiz, 73, was recorded asking Heather McDonald, an actress at his podcast company, if he could hold her breasts. She was recording an ad about a brassiere made of memory foam. He was reappointed to a new 12-year term two years ago. Pattiz: "If I did that, I sincerely apologize."
UC Regent Norman Pattiz, 73, has been recorded asking Heather McDonald, an actress at his podcast company, if he could hold her breasts. She had been recording an ad about a brassiere made of memory foam. Pattiz was reappointed to a new 12-year term two years ago by Gov. Jerry Brown.
Transfer Question
Hint usefulness level: EECS
Residence hall or apartment?
Thanksgiving schedule at Berkeley?
Analyzing Housing Prices in Berkeley
Senior and still haven't gotten laid? Go to parties?
You've been lied to about the "anti white" protests at Cal
Berkeley showing off its blue and gold
Math 55 vs. Stats C8
CS70 over summer?
How is CS70 over the summer?
You've Been Lied To About The "Anti-White" Protests at UC Berkeley
English 143
Old age claimed Berkeley's legendary "Waving Man" yesterday morning
Good 3 unit classes?
What are the general grading policies in non-engineering major courses (ie. ESPM, Sociology)?
Two new food options are set to open this semester — gelato dessert shop Buona Vita Yogurt on Shattuck Avenue and organic grab-and-go chain Urban Remedy on College Avenue. Buona Vita Yogurt plans to continuously offer a 15 percent discount to students with ID.
Six weeks after BUSD placed Martin Luther King, Jr. Middle School teacher Yvette Felarca on administrative leave for taunting and hitting a neo-Nazi, she will be returning to her classroom. Her restitution came after a meeting between her BAMN attorney and Superintendent Donald Evans among others.
Jahkyl Knight, 22, a former Berkeley High student, has been charged with 13 felonies, including attempted murder and child abuse, after three shootings in Berkeley this year, two of which left teenage boys with injuries. He remains in custody where he is being held at Santa Rita Jail without bail.
Early voting has begun, and the Alameda County Registrar of Voters office at 1225 Fallon St. is open for residents who are ready to cast their ballots in person weekdays from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. and this weekend from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. 30% of the mail-in ballots have already been received.
Moffitt Opens Up: Nov. 2 event celebrates new floors 4 + 5
Self-Prep/Study for Econ 2/UGBA10
Questions about UC Berkeley Post Bacc Health Profession: Since I have a 2.82 GPA, is it possible that they will accept me into the program?
Good Salad places in town?
Grand Reopening Moffitt 4+5 - Image dump from visit!
Why Universities Must Choose One Telos: Truth or Social Justice (An article and talk I felt is extremely relevant to the current protest(s).)
Is UC Berkeley a good school if I'm dead set on working in LA/SoCal? Or should I go to UCLA or USC?
As of fall this year, Cal alumni can continue to use their berkeley.edu email addresses to both send and receive emails. "We determined the cost for retaining the email forwarding service was going to be significantly higher than allowing new alums to retain their existing Google accounts."
Doable Schedule this Spring?
What's up with the Official Student Store?
Serious question to current Berkeley students: can you explain this "demand" mentality to me?
Seminar on Cal central schedule planner listed as having 9 spots open, but in my shopping cart it lists it as waitlist only. Which one it correct?
UCBerkeley ranks #1 for top quant programs by QuantNet for both overall (tied with CMU and Baruch) and employment opportunities
Recent grads - Have you heard anything about keeping your berkeley.edu email?
Considering taking an internship but concerned about the living costs?
Help! Trying to find overnight parking from the 4th to the 6th.
Bridges and QARC get $200k from the ASUC (= 22% funding to all clubs on campus) + $114,000 from a dedicated $6 per student fee (only club on campus to have their own student fee). In comparison, ASUC only gets $170k profits from the student store.
Cal Dining employee Alex Patz was fired Oct. 17, after he intentionally bumped into a co-worker Oct 15. About 11:49pm Oct 25, he was arrested for trespassing at Crossroads. UCPD: firearms restraining order petition. His wife: He has a history of mental illness and may have stopped taking medication.
Wednesday, Nov. 2, Moffitt Library holds a reopening event for its two top floors, transformed after a year of rebuilding into a prime study destination for Cal students. It will now be open for 24 hours, five days a week, continuously from Sundays at 9am to Fridays at 10pm. Saturdays: 9am to 10pm.
Guy "Mike" Lee, 61, is asking residents to vote for him this November—"Old bum for mayor." At 17, he moved to the area permanently and has since spent much of his time living on the streets of Berkeley. In 1991, he and others occupied People's Park, protesting Cal's plan to build a volleyball court.
Berkeley mail carriers have been delivering late into the night because of a greater volume of mail due to an increased amount of advertising materials and online orders as holiday season approaches. USPS plans to hire 19 city carrier assistants. It has to make 65,292 stops daily with 163 carriers.
This semester, the UC Berkeley Food Assistance Program is targeting its support to student populations it determined to have the least access to financial resources. After determining how much a student requires, financial aid counselors may immediately disburse money into the student's Cal 1 Card.
What's the process like for declaring Computer Science as my major in the College of Letters and Sciences?
Finding the hidden gems of Oakland and Berkeley, there's no place like the bay.
Easiest American Cultures class to take in the spring?
When does my Cal 1 Card expire?
Need to download textbook summaries, analysis on bookrags? I can help
Who's gonna wait in line for the Marshawn Lynch Bobblehead?
What's the process like for declaring Computer Science as my major in the College of Letters and Sciences?
People tell me this is bear territory, is that why this city smells like urine?
Best way to make friends?
Baseball App Wins Berkeley Grad Student a Trip to the World Series
Took HS Calculus, forgot it all. What do I do?
A new gender-inclusive restroom on Evans Hall's first floor was converted from multistall men’s and women’s rooms. It has 8 fully enclosed stalls. Each has a fire alarm with a horn strobe and its own venting. GSIs had concerns they had been told to leave restrooms or had to walk to another building.
Berkeley City Council has unknowingly violated the California's Housing Accountability Act for years, as alleged by SFBARF's lawsuit. The council violated the law by revoking an approved zoning permit after neighbors complained the project would not fit into their neighborhood's character.
New housing OK’d in Berkeley as 'YIMBYs' win the night: A 6-story building set to include 50 rental units and four live-work units was approved by Berkeley’s Zoning Adjustments Board, though opposition will mean an appeal to City Council. 300 people signed a petition asking for changes to project.
UC extended the transfer applications deadline from Nov. 30 to Jan. 3, 2017. Students who applied during November as opposed to during the extension period were admitted at higher rates. The university’s goal is to enroll 5,000 students by 2019: one new transfer student for every two new freshmen.
Your account has not been created yet.
Lower Sproul: a space odyssey: "The financial cost of reallocating the student store is hilariously prohibitive — it would likely end up costing over $1 million, which is more than half the annual operating budget of the ASUC."
Brilliance in Time Magazine from a Berkeley Professor: "Hillary Clinton's Emailgate Is an Attack on Women"
[P/NP] Missed Deadline
Missing Brasa
Undocumented recent Cal alumn Efrain Carrillo who is under DACA which defers deportation for 2 years. "It's scary hearing Donald Trump say all that he says about undocumented or illegal immigrants because if he were for whatever reason to become president, I don’t know what my future would be like."
The overall number of crimes in the city has not increased, but Northside has experienced an uptick. The city normally experiences 30 to 40 robberies a month, with most concentrated Downtown or south of campus. Police representatives held a town hall meeting to address safety and security concerns.
Robert Blauner, a sociology professor emeritus noted for his prescient studies on race relations, died in his North Berkeley home Oct. 20 at 87. In the early 1980s, he helped bring sanctions against sociology professor Abdelbaki Hermassi, who was accused of sexual harassment by 13 female students.
On Thursday, as over 100 people protesting construction of a pipeline were arrested in North Dakota, people gathered in the Multicultural Community Center on campus to raise awareness and share in what Native American performer Supaman called "the good medicine of laughter and hip hop and prayer."
Will this hoodie get me into frat parties?
The Berkeley advantage (warning: very dank and nsfw)
When people don't post actual memes on the edgy teens group...
PSA: Check people's post histories on threads about the recent protest
Abigail Balingit: "Growing up in Stockton, California, a lot of my friends were also first-generation Filipino-Americans. When I went to school, I realized I didn't want any trace of a FOB, or fresh off the boat, accent … I tried so hard to assimilate to American culture I refused to speak Tagalog."
Honoring the 80th anniversary of the Spanish Civil War, Berkeley's Department of Theater, Dance and Performance Studies (TDPS) is presenting Heart of Spain -- A Musical of the Spanish Civil War, co-written by TDPS professor Peter Glazer and Eric Bain Peltoniemi. Final performances are this weekend.
With several programs in place addressing school climate, the Berkeley Unified School District had no expulsions and significantly fewer suspensions last year. The suspension rate decreased from 12 percent in the 2011-12 school year to 4 percent in the past school year.
Are there groups like this to join
A driver police tried to stop near Berkeley on Saturday night "clipped a BPD officer and left the scene, prompting a slew of officers to pursue him into East Oakland. As of about 8:10 p.m. the investigation was ongoing and no arrests had been made, police said. The driver had not been located.
Dungeons and Dragons?
Does Cal have an equivalent major to Stanford's "symbolic system" ?
(Unpopular but kind of popular among the silent majority opinion) The administration and police need to keep QARC and other similar protesters accountable for their actions
Any Patriots fans looking for a place to watch? Daily Pint on Euclid opens early and has Sunday Ticket.
Anybody know when the Washington game starts?
1964 &amp; 2016
Neil Lawrence on Queer Alliance Resource Center and bridges Multicultural Resource Center: "I'm a queer, trans student on this campus. I have reservations about the tone, goals and tactics of Fight4Spaces. Even though I largely support this movement's goals and politics, I;m afraid to criticize it."
BAMN's Yvette Felarca, who teaches at Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School, has filed suit in federal court, alleging BUSD defamed her and violated her civil rights when it placed her on administrative leave for a melee in which she hit a neo-Nazi attending a white nationalist group's rally.
Worried about the effects of the protest on our reputation
For some Cal college students most difficult test may be basic survival. Junior Anthony Carrasco, a first-generation college student: "I can skip breakfast, skip lunch, and even skip dinner. And I have just saved myself close to $30 or $40. I, like many folks, come to college to get out of poverty."
Late-night and skipped mail deliveries, suspect delivery "attempts," slow service and mis-delivered mail: Berkeleyside has received complaints about the U.S. Postal Service from more than 80 Berkeley residents. Kieron Slaughter, writing on Nextdoor, "was shocked" to get a delivery at 2 a.m.
Berkeley Carillon students (the ones who play the tower;s bells) are putting on a special hour-long Halloween concert this Sunday!
Overheard: Carla Hesse, Dean of L&amp;S, likely to be next chancellor
UC Berkeley QARC and bridges students have threatened to block access to the student store and prevent senate meetings until they get their way about where they want to be located on campus. Serious question: Is there any historical precedent for such obstinate behavior from a student group?
Seems legit!
Guys I think we're on /r/legaladvice
unique clinical experience here?
Why does Berkeley like fucking over spring admits?
Does the protest/politically correct culture extend to the STEM departments?
What to do about a bad GSI?
Rain and Shine
Cal football is better than #1 Alabama as proven by science!
Fun things to do this Halloween weekend?
Spiderman - Princess Rapunzel Captures Joker - Paw Patrol Chase - KIDS | Home
[short survey] Help us test a new product!
phase 1
Fun things to do this Halloween weekend at Berkeley?
I'm first on the waitlist for a discussion section with 30 seats, should I stop worrying?
Fun things to do on this Halloween weekend?
Asian American Studies 141
Catherine Straus: The guy I was sleeping with felt uncomfortable sleeping in his bed with traces of my blood after we had period sex. "What’s more unfair is there is no male equivalent to shaming women for their periods…Men don't have to shove cotton up their dicks to prevent cum from seeping out."
Campus spokesperson Adam Ratliff: Cal spoke with eyewitnesses, including police, and determined race did not play a role in the protesters' interactions with people who attempted to pass through Sather Gate. QARC's Jerry Javier: "The students of color (were) trying to join the line in support."
Incumbent Tom Bates is stepping down. Mayoral race: Top contenders have sharp differences towards development. Laurie Capitelli’s voting record reflects the belief building more structures in downtown will be good for Berkeley in the long run. Jesse Arreguín has often voted against housing projects.
Construction will begin Nov. 1 on the $94 million Bancroft Residence Hall that'll house 775 students, replacing Stiles Hall and set to open in fall 2018. Students in Bancroft Hall will largely live in double-occupancy rooms, which will cost the same as living in a campus double ($15,406 this year).
Harry Hwang, a UC Berkeley senior, was robbed at knifepoint near campus Wednesday at 11:15pm. Hewas walking on the 2300 block of Ellsworth Street when he was surrounded by two Black males in their 20s who punched Hwang and demanded his belongings, while one suspect allegedly pointed a knife at him.
Marshawn Lynch on Stanford: “[Expletive] Stanford”
This ELI5 on the front page asks what a "safe space" is with Berkeley as an example
Pass/No Passing Major Requirements
In class right now a guest lecturer just said the most amazing thing
Question about the protest
Set of 2 Broke Girls is Bear Territory!
Should I phase 1 Latin 100?
Who organized the protest? Will they organize another one so we can counter-protest them by rejecting segregation?
Obligatory. This is a movement.
How quickly do Math 55 and 110 tend to fill up?
I hate these dumbass protestors and I hate these dumbass media outlets propogating misinformation
God dammit people, we made the front page of reddit. For this: "Berkeley students form human chain to stop white students from getting to class."
Looks like we've been linked from /r/news
Did anyone here participate in the recent protest at Sather Gate, and can you talk about how it went?
P/NP DEADLINE IS FRIDAY CHANGE YOUR SHIT BEFORE YOU GET REKT
UC Berkeley is the fourth-best university in the world, according to U.S. News &amp; World Report. Only Harvard, MIT and Stanford ranked higher. The new "Best Global Universities Rankings" evaluates 1,000 schools in 65 countries. Just last month, Cal topped the list of US public universities.
Karen Rodriguez-Ponciano, a 21-year-old Berkeley student who came to the U.S. from Mexico when she was in high school, was drawn to a special startup event for Latinos. She says the program offered a unique opportunity for Latinos to "create solutions for our community and empower each other."
As part of a $100-million, 10-year SETI project to hunt for signals from alien civilizations, UC Berkeley's Breakthrough Listen initiative is set to begin studying the mysterious Tabby's star using a 330-foot-wide telescope in West Virginia. Tabby's star is roughly 1,500 light-years from Earth.
Parker, the newly opened apartment and townhome complex on Shattuck, walking distance from BART and blocks from Berkeley Bowl, is asking $2,925 and up for studios, $3,275 and up for one-bedrooms and $4,150 and up for two-bedrooms. Berkeley's rents increased 10 percent over the last year to $2,900.
Crime Rate in Berkeley Increasing Faster than Student Debt
[Seeking] Marijuana experts; Cannabis Users; Weed enthusiast; etc for in-person interview. $40 CASH
Career Training for Potential Software Engineers!
YouTuber Phillip DeFranco's Take on Friday's Protest on Campus
May 2017 Commencement Speaker Survey
Haas Transfer Question
Random people on Facebook are giving UC Berkeley 1-star ratings because they disagree with the recent protests
Can I still add one unit right now?
How much bearing do honors classes have for a CC student wanting to transfer into the college of engineering?
A poll about high school regret for my journalism class
CS170 + 188 + 186?
Cal seeks redemption against USC this Thursday- last defeat of the Trojans was in 2003
Is there a place around campus to buy a suit/dress clothes?
How quirky is Berkeley? After a childhood in Canada and Clearwater, Florida, Haggitt came to the Bay Area. He has lived and worked here without a car. He has lived in this house since 1989.
What are the easiest lower division classes you've taken at Cal?
IFC and Panhellenic Council agreed to new guidelines in light of incidents of sexual assault. They will contribute to collective rosters each weekend with the contact information of sober monitors, social and risk managers and presidents. They lifted the voluntary ban on social events and parties.
Berkeley will welcome two new restaurants in the future: the Jotmahal Palace of Indian Cuisine and Juice Originz. The Jotmahal Palace will take over 1543 Shattuck Ave. from its previous occupant, the Cha-Am Thai Restaurant, which is closing. Juice Originz will conduct business at 2493 Telegraph Ave.
According to a Bay Area News Group analysis of 2015 crime statistics, UC Berkeley issued campuswide alerts for less than 30 percent of reported sexual offenses that occurred on or near campus in 2015. UCPD looks at whether the alert will jeopardize prosecution or suspects are already in custody.
Measure X1 would allow candidates running for mayor or Berkeley City Council to receive funds from the city equivalent to six times the amount of donations they acquire from Berkeley residents on two conditions. It is estimated to cost approximately $500,000 per year from the city’s General Fund.
Quick question, do they let in everyone in 61B like they do in 61A?
ME major trying to get into EE16A, #75 on the waitlist. Do I have a chance?
Questions about Spring 2017 schedule and Econ 100B.
Berkeley's NeuroBat lab gets $1.5 million award from New York Stem Cell Foundation
cs186, cs170, cs161, cs189, ee126
This SJW reminds me of the people that were protesting at Sproul for replacing the Cal Student Store with an LGBTQ safe space.
Berkeley Greek Life Temporarily Banned Parties After Reports Of Sexual Assaults
Advice
Advice
Advice
History Courses/Professors in Spring 2017 worth taking?
Fallen tree on College; apparent cause is wind.
The principal did it. The janitor did it. The students did it. At 10:20 a.m. last Thursday, everyone at LeConte Elementary School in Berkeley dropped under the nearest table, covered their heads, and held on tight.
L&amp;S 20.5 Unit Cap: Hard or Soft?
What does "Bargaining Unit: 99" mean on jobs in the University California system?
Help with printing
FREE $60 OF MARIJUANA!!
History Courses/Professors in Spring 2017 worth taking?
Berkeley Protesters Demand 'Spaces Of Color,' Harass White Students Trying To Pass
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox on a relationship: I'd divulge conflicted thoughts on girthy 26-year-old dicks I illegally sucked as an underage Bear. I went from a friend to an on-call dildo with a pulse, a disembodied penis. As I was about to slip my dick in his ass: "Actually, I'm not gay."
I transferred out of Berkeley as a sophomore, AMA
History Courses/Professors in Spring 2017 worth taking?
Looking for Co-op Insight!
16 years after his death, everyone still misses Joseph Charles, the beloved Berkeley Waving Man. He stood every weekday from Oct. 6, 1962, to Oct. 6, 1992, waving to morning commute traffic at the corner of Oregon Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Way, calling, “Keep smiling!” and “Have a GOOD day!"
When former vice chancellor for real estate Bob Lalanne resigned, it was called "his choice." But his emailed statement shows administrators' move to eliminate the vice chancellorship prompted his resignation—not the other way around. He's the ninth high-level administrator to resign in past year.
After debuting in Berkeley a decade ago, Chipotle plans to open a second location in town at 2225 Shattuck Ave. in mid 2017. Construction for the restaurant will begin in early 2017. It'll occupy a vacant space where Alko, a 105-year-old office supply store, closed three years ago.
In a study published August 2016, researchers from Cal's School of Public Health witnessed a 21% decrease in consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) in low-income neighborhoods in Berkeley. Only 2% of Berkeley residents polled reported going to neighboring, tax-free cities to shop for SSBs.
7 days left! Berkeley + DOE Cleantech University Prize Applications Open (deadline 10/31)
PMB Faculty at UC Berkeley now have bacteria named after them - Doudnabacteria, Glassbacteria, Coatesbacteria and more
The other #1 thing I hate about this school
How is your experience with the New Californian Apartments?
Looking for a EECS major or someone knowledgeable with circuit design
The #1 thing I hate about this school is...
How hard is it to get into upper div CS classes as a Cog Sci major?
If I know I'm going to fail a class and retake it next semester, should I put it as P/NP or keep it as a letter grade if it's for my major?
Is CS170 a hard prereq for 172?
Easy upper div AC? Also advice on a possible MechE schedule?
I'm an alum who wants to download an email thread I had on CalMail a couple years ago. Is it possible or are all my email threads lost?
Would upper div Stat and UGBA class restricted on phase 1?
UC Berkeley's Kink Club, created over a year ago, is a safe place for students interested in kink. While not a hookup club, the education is hands on. It holds workshops like bondage, rope, and blood play. Co-president V and her partner take walks around campus with her on the leash as the pet.
National Institutes of Health awarded four Cal scientists five-year $1.5 million grants. Bioengineering and neuroscience professor Michael Yartsev, neurobiology professor Stephen Brohawn and professor Elçin Ünal received New Innovator Awards. Jacob Brunkard earned the Early Independence Award.
Over 100 members and supporters of Queer Alliance Resource Center and bridges Multicultural Resource Center blocked Sather Gate several hours Friday as part of their protest to be relocated to different club space. Protesters held signs reading "Fight 4 Spaces of color" and "Students over profit".
In the upcoming November elections, Berkeley voters will have a choice between two measures that would both bring Berkeley to a $15 minimum wage — and the creators of those initiatives want the citizens to vote no on both. Community initiative: Measure CC. City Council's initiative: Measure BB.
Would it be feasible to take Math 53 and Stats 20 in the same semester?
Pol Sci 179 Students
Green Party rallies in Berkeley despite absence of Jill Stein (The Daily Californian)
It's that time of year again. What are your scariest, creepiest, or most disturbing Berkeley experiences (on-campus or off, supernatural or not)?
How to get other folks into the student section?
Trying to declare CS, worried about CS70.
Studying spot high up with big windows?
Cheer On Your Team with Rally Flip Cap - Invented by a former Cal Football Player Jordan Kay '09 Berkeley Alumni
UC Berkeley LGBTQ Protest Blocks Sather Gate
Winfried Kudszus for German R5B?
[#7] Finals are almost here! Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Can I Phase I a class that I'm planning to NP to retake it?
Berkeley kept its word on soda tax proceeds: It raised and spent $2 million. BUSD spent 42.5% on cooking, gardening and nutrition programs. 42.5% has gone to community groups, including Ecology Center, Healthy Black Families and the YMCA for their health-related programs. The rest: administration.
UC Berkeley is the second most prolific producer of venture capital-backed entrepreneurs, and the top producer of serial company founders, according to PitchBook's latest "Universities Report". Since 2006, Cal fostered 997 entrepreneurs, who started 881 companies and raised $14.2 billion in funding.
Kara Nelson, now a civil and environmental engineering professor at Berkeley, spent her gap year working and teaching in a migrant encampment in Zimbabwe. She says: "The wonderful thing now is that young people have a much easier time identifying opportunities that align with their interests."
They famously got their start in the late 1980s playing local venues like 924 Gilman and Berkeley Square, and Thursday the mega-band that is Green Day made a triumphant return to their roots by playing the newly renovated UC Theatre on University Avenue. The concert was a sell-out.
Jeremy Long is UC Berkeley Law Student making a living as an Asian male pornstar. "I was a typical California Asian thug. I was in and out of juvenile hall." Unlike in the Hollywood movie industry, where Asian actors struggle to find roles, Long says the porn industry simply lacks willing Asian men.
How to Change Grading to P/NP?
Frat Parties during Halloween
How lenient is the CS GPA cap?
Did I cheat?
How to listen on a concert at the Greek?
Are there any massage therapists in the area that accept insurance?
CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE OREGON DUCKS IN DOUBLE OT 52-49
CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE TEXAS DUCKS 52-49
GRE for graduate school admission
Physicist Marvin Cohen, a University Professor and a faculty scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, is the newly announced recipient of the 2017 Benjamin Franklin Medal in Physics. Cohen was honored for his atomic-scale calculations of the properties of materials.
David Bunnell, a journalist and publisher who helped create PC Magazine, Macworld and other consumer publications that chronicled and helped shape the explosive growth of the personal computer industry, died on Tuesday at his home in Berkeley, Calif. He was 69.
After demands they be relocated from their current spaces in the Eshleman Hall basement, members of the Queer Alliance and Resource Center, or QARC, and bridges Multicultural Resource Center rejected three alternative locations offered by ASUC Student Union Board at an emergency meeting Thursday.
Scott Wheeler was looking through recycling bins for empty egg cartons when he discovered 96 dumped voter information guides. Now a U.S. Postal Service carrier is under federal investigation for dumping guides. If found guilty of delaying mail delivery, the worker could face five years in prison.
Berkeleyside op-ed equates proposal for six-story building with sexual assault
What's the cheapest and most effective way to disperse protesters?
How to purposefully fail a class?
I Gave Up Engineering To Follow My Dreams
reddit disabled over AirBears2?
Visiting and Going to the game
P/NP an R&amp;C course?
Fifty-four years after its Broadway debut, the award-winning Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? by Edward Albee (1928-2016) hasn’t lost any of its strength and force. The alcohol-fueled psychological mêlée among George, Martha, Nick and Honey retains its full intensity and potency.
Feds investigating nearly 100 voter guides found in Berkeley recycling bin - Story
Get 6 free months of amazon prime with your student email
Catherine Straus: "With socioeconomic divides and underfunded schools, we can be more understanding to our unlucky peers who weren't even properly taught history. It's important to admit some of us are just luckier, and not smarter. And my better grades certainly don't merit my shitty cockiness. "
For Some U.C. Workers, Skipping Meals to Make Ends Meet: Joseph Meyer, 31, an administrative assistant at UC Berkeley, said after squaring away his $1,150 in rent, he often chooses between eating meals and paying for his asthma medication. "It's just a struggle." Wages average under $23 an hour.
A police call in Berkeley to a domestic dispute at the 1200 Ashby Avenue led to a man being pepper-sprayed and arrested after punching a police sergeant twice in the face and biting another officer in the arm. A woman struggled with police during the man's arrest; she too was taken into custody.
From the Oct. 21, 1991 archives: INFERNO ENGULFS HILLS: 6-alarm blaze. A devastating fire consumed much of the Berkeley and Oakland hills yesterday, killing 12 people, injuring at least 48, destroying hundreds of homes and prompting Gov. Pete Wilson to declare a state of emergency in Alameda County.
In town for the weekend, best bars on campus?
Dorms for Nonstudents
How do I make friends with the not-so-Berkeley folk?
How do I make friends with the not-so-Berkeley folk?
Easiest Upper division CS class to enroll in?
will i be able to register for upper div courses?
Is anyone else hard AF after that History 5 lecture?
How to Camp at the Library and Stop Snipers From Stealing Your Spot?
Does anyone have a dog while in school and not regret it?
When you get curved af
Frat/Coop Haloween Parties?
HELP-ADVICE NEEDED Robert Reich's Public Policy Class: Wealth and Poverty Waitlisted
Date ideas in Berkeley?
Missed Connection: Cute white dude at Sharedtea
Authorities with U.S. Postal Service are investigating how 96 sample ballots with Berkeley addresses wound up in a Berkeley recycling bin last week with the plastic ties that kept them bound. Resident Scott Wheeler, who found the ballots, is concerned a mail carrier is potentially shirking duties.
Berkeley's ballot has 12 measures. Measure Y1 allows 16/17-year-olds to vote in school board elections. Measure T1 authorizes up to $100 million of general obligation bonds to rebuild infrastructure over 40 years. Up to $1 million will be used for public art incorporated in the infrastructure.
Ronnie Leggett, 39, an Oakland man, has been charged with five felonies after a shooting attempt in broad daylight on a South Berkeley street last month after dash cam footage from a parked vehicle helped them crack the case. Police got the getaway van’s license plate, which they linked to Leggett.
While Berkeley College Republicans hung a "Make America Great Again" banner and held posters protesting Hillary Clinton, students from Trump Teach-In linked arms and lined up behind speakers to block BCR protesters. Leonard Irving-Thomas: "I happy that we ended up, ironically, building up a wall."
College of Chemistry grade deflation?
Panhellenic council suspends frat parties
Is the Berkeley Global Internship (SF Bay) worth paying for?
[Serious] I'm a loser, and I'm sick of it. What can I do? (Kinda long)
[Serious] I'm a loser, and I'm sick of it. What can I do? (Kinda long)
[Serious] I'm a loser, and I'm sick of it. What can I do? (Kinda long)
New to Berkeley, What is this eeks people speak of
CS courses that are solely projects/hw ?
Come to see Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein This Saturday October 22, 2016 from 6:00 to 8:00 pm at the Berkeley City Club...Event is free and all are welcome to attend!
COMPSCI 186 Error: Department Consent Required.
What does a senior with no requirements left do in the spring? Recommended classes?
CS161 right now
What should I do to obtain business-related research opportunities at Berkeley?
From the Creator of EECSEECS.com
revived: EECSEECS.com -- with an *important* memo (please read)
Postgrad
How to effectively fight off squirrels?
Man in wheelchair blows himself up with pipe bomb in Oakland, dies
Schedule questions...
After being held at Santa Rita Jail for 30 days — the last 13 of which were spent on a hunger strike — Berkeley mayoral candidate Zachary RunningWolf has been released. RunningWolf: "This race is bigger than the presidential race. Berkeley affects the entire world, from nanotechnology to GMO foods."
The average graduating senior in the class of 2015 had amassed an average of $30,000 in student debt, according to a new report by the Institute for College Access and Success. That represents a four-percent increase over the previous year. UC Berkeley students averaged a lower $22,580 in debt.
Graduate environmental science student Erin Brandt studies the mating habits of jumping spiders. Her work was recently highlighted on KQED's "Deep Look" series. "I'm kind of known as the spider lady in my family now…they're just so cute." Brandt is working with associate ESPM professor Damian Elias.
On Monday, October 17, 2016, at 10:07 p.m., a strong-arm robbery occurred near the intersection of Shattuck Avenue and Center Street. The two suspects took the victims' phone and fled on foot. BPD and UCPD responded and arrested the suspects nearby: Raina Doss, 20, and a 17-year-old juvenile.
Do you need your ID to enter any of the libraries other than Main Stacks/Moffitt?
Any Transfer History Majors Here?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox: Eating ass does not equate to eating shit. I wouldn't munch a butt if it had recently fulfilled its infamous but essential biological destiny. I have STANDARDS, okay? Personally, I draw the line at midday mustiness. Eating ass is normal and fun. It's not weird.
Does anyone know where I can get the DiffEq's textbook for Math 54 online?
Crikey, look at this beauty specimen of a Trump supporter. This species is a rare breed around these parts. The native bears are getting curious.
CalCentral Schedule Planner Not Accessible?
Cheap tortillas near campus?
CS168 Audio Recordings
Hashtag Just Berkeley Things
Beware of Italian Giorgio Armani Scammers near Northside
What are some fun classes to phase 1?
Converting MLK into a Memespace
The Berkeley and UC Berkeley police departments are working together to investigate the uptick in robberies, said UCPD's Sgt. Sabrina Reich. "Moving into the holiday season, we see an increase of robberies of laptops and cell phones. That is a popular robbery target throughout the Bay Area."
This past September, the Berkeley-based nonprofit Partnerships for Trauma Recovery opened the Mosaic Healing Center at 1936 University Ave., a new clinic providing mental health services for the refugee community in Berkeley. It offers free care for refugees, asylum seekers, and others.
Jake Fineman on Student Action's formation: "In 1995, ASUC faced an actual existential crisis: Due to poor financial decisions, it bankrupted itself and was at risk of being wiped out forever to the joy of Reddit-style libertarian bros all over campus." Now: Student Inaction is a "bloated behemoth".
Devin Wicks was the subject of a whistleblower tip he was giving free training sessions to Nicholas Dirks on the campus' dime. Wicks’ former boss at RSF now filed his own whistleblower complaint with Cal and Napolitano — accusing them of wasting money by hanging Wicks out to dry for so long.
Police investigating two sexual assaults at a fraternity connected to UC Berkeley
What do we want? THE STUDENT STORE! When do we want it? NOW!
Anyone else get a SHIP Fee Waiver?
Crime Advisories and Common Sense
When applying to grad school as a transfer, would I list my combined GPA, or just my Berkeley GPA?
Bloomberg Terminal in Haas?
Walking around Soda Hall, do I need a gun for protection?
Phone keeps dropping connection with eduroam
Question about taking Haas classes as an Econ major
Missed connection: bearwalk escort
UC Berkeley Extension Question - Only Need 4 Spring Units to Graduate
Looking for help in 61C
I am having trouble being motivated enough to go outside my dorm and socialize. What should i do :(?
UC Berkeley's Office of the Registrar recently released a supplementary search tool to help students explore class options. One main benefit this tool provides is its robust, searchable data. Unlike CalCentral, it is also available to the general public and does not require a student login.
Pooja Nagpal, who started her first year at Cal, taught self-defense classes to sex-trafficking victims in India this summer; the girls told her their dreams of becoming doctors and software engineers were stifled by daily fear. She was named a 2016 winner of Gloria Barron Prize for Young Heroes.
The rain stopped just in time Friday night for ASUC's Votechella, a musical event aimed at registering student voters. More than 100 students gathered under the lights of Eshleman Hall to hear D.R.A.M, who played hit songs "Broccoli" and "Cha Cha," and enjoy food trucks and free Pepsi products.
Hate speech posters alleging student organization Students for Justice in Palestine was connected to a "terror organization" were plastered around campus Thursday, naming and criticizing several students and faculty members. The David Horowitz Freedom Center took responsibility for the posters.
Room Checks
Berkeleytime question
Is it possible to transfer from L&amp;S Physics to MechE?
Not enjoying myself, faster route to graduation?
Any Fapstronauts in here?!
Any Fapstronauts in here?!
Looking for tutor for Physics 7A..
Has anyone been an election day poll worker in Berkeley/Alameda County?
Berkeley police officers responded to a shooting at Dwight Way and Dana Street before 11:15pm Saturday night but the condition of the victim was unknown as of publication time. The last reported Berkeley shooting was three weeks ago, Sept. 25, at Alcatraz and King streets. Two people were injured.
Housing Cancellation Appeal Denied :(
Shooting on Dana just now?
Darline Miller attended Cal during the 1950s, when student fees were at an all-time low. Students paid an $84 "incidental fee" each year. Nonresident tuition: $300/year. Miller rented an apartment 6 blocks from campus for $35/month. 2010–2016: Students drowning in debt. Beyond: Free tuition for all?
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge ruled there were insufficient details in a lawsuit filed against Tau Kappa Epsilon's Beta-Sigma chapter by the parents of Eloi Vasquez, a 19-year-old Cal student who was killed when crossing a freeway after drinking alcohol at a USC fraternity party.
The Berkeley Police Association has spent $17,951.58—most which comes from police officers—for mailers in support of District 5 City Council Candidate Stephen Murphy. To put these expenditures in perspective, there are only 4 mayoral candidates and 5 Council candidates who have even raised $17k.
BPD is advising caution for Northside residents following a robbery series. There've been six robberies between October 8 and 12. The majority of cases have been handled by BPD; UCPD handled one. Police believe based on the suspect descriptions and the close proximity of incidents they are related.
Easy, enjoyable international studies breadth?
Quick meditation and surveys - help me with my psychology project!
Easiest Breadths to take this Spring
Catherine Straus: "The portion of men that spend their leisure time on 4chan, Reddit and The Daily Californian website shaming sexually active women certainly cannot afford to do so. Women in today's progressive society don't line up to date men who call them 'used goods' for having sex."
Disabled Students' Program (DSP) has been out of compliance with state funding regulations for years. New regulations gave it two choices: scale back on services to match the money they were given by the state or pay additional funds required to cover the noncompliant services DSP had been offering.
Each Thursday, the Berkeley College Republicans at B51 Hildebrand Hall and the Cal Berkeley Democrats at 234 Dwinelle Hall begin announcements at 7:10 p.m. The conflicting meeting times lay the groundwork for partition. BCR has not officially endorsed Trump. Cal Dems has officially endorsed Clinton.
TLDR: if you’re scared for your life, press on cars!
Is this a normal amount of armed robberies for Berkeley?
On Friday, October 14, 2016, at 12:10am, a strong-arm robbery occurred along the 2300 block of Bancroft Way. The victim was walking when three suspects approached her and took her purse and cell phone. Suspects: two unknown race males and an unknown race female in their 20's, wearing dark clothing.
P/NP for class not in my major affecting grad school chances?
possible photo of northside robbery suspect
A question about the arts requirement
UC Berkeley physics 7A Workbook
Students Organize for Syria (SOS) held a silent demonstration in front of Sproul Hall for several hours Wednesday to show support for Syrian refugees. After USC announced six scholarships for Syrian refugee students, SOS fielded a petition advocating for Cal to take similar action with scholarships.
Artisan coffee chain Blue Bottle Coffee will open its Berkeley location Saturday. The cafe, at 2118 University Ave., will offer various coffee drinks and menu items such as avocado toast and poached eggs. The company's founder started his business selling coffee at the Berkeley Farmers' Market.
While browsing for classes on the course-compilation website Berkeleytime Friday, UC Berkeley junior Adora Svitak noticed Blake Wentworth, an assistant professor in the South and Southeast Asian studies department who was accused of sexual harassment, listed as a course instructor for Spring 2017.
On October 12, 2016, at 8:12pm, an attempted armed robbery occurred in the grove area located west of Haviland Hall. Three female Cal students were walking along a path when two suspects demanded the victims’ property. Suspect #1: A Black male, 21. Suspect #2: An East Indian male, 19-21 with goatee.
I never noticed this but I started reading it while queuing and now it's bothering me
OCT 18 Canada's Ambassador David MacNaughton speaks on Prime Minister Trudeau's New Agenda for Canada at Berkeley. Join us! [Free]
Are there Maples Trees in Berkeley?
Linguistics and breadths?
Berkeley, CA City Council Connections
intro to buddhism c50 midterm
Apartments
Real-estate groups spent $786,000 to defeat Measure U1, which would nearly double the business tax landlords pay in Berkeley, and to support Measure DD, a lower tax alternative measure. The largest donation to the Yes on Measure DD efforts is $60,625 from Vero Properties, owned by Jay Lakireddy.
Attorneys for the City of Berkeley sent an eviction notice to Friends of DxE, the operator of Berkeley Animal Rights Center, for not using 2425 Channing Way as "office space and supporting retail." On Sept. 9, several DxE members staged a protest at Chez Panisse against the use of animals as food.
Berkeley officials are evaluating how to respond to a small tent city of 20 people on a median in the middle of Adeline Street near Berkeley Bowl. Mike Zint of First They Came for the Homeless said they set up the tent city because they're unhappy with the new system to allocate aid to the homeless.
When freshman Jocelyn Lopez logged on to her CalCentral account Friday, she found the $2906.25 for room and board fees she expected to pay in installments the next three months now appeared to be due in full. Charges erroneously marked overdue appeared on 550 students' CalCentral accounts Friday.
After two decades of print, Street Spirit — a newspaper that serves as a platform for the Bay Area homeless population — will see its funding from American Friends Service Committee cut January 2017. Many homeless vendors depend on the newspaper’s publication as a means of generating money.
English 143 Series
UCB or UCSD for Premed?
UCSD or UCB for Pre-med?
Fire at Wurster Hall
PSA: Do not go outside. It is dangerous
Any Dodger fans?
Could you guys tell me the high school classes you took so i can feel a bit better.
[SELLING] 2 Day GA Treasure Island Ticket
CS + Cogsci Major Planning/Advice Seeking!
English 143 Series
Personal essay: To infinite jest and friendship
UC’s extraordinary legal battle with ex-Berkeley law school dean
Pedestrian hit by vehicle on Durant this morning
Best spot to nap on campus
fomo? explore &amp; capture what's buzzing around your school!
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox on Grindr: During one of my best Katniss sexcapades, I went from writing a research paper in FSM to getting a good ol’ VLSB bathroom blowjob in seconds. My momentary partner went at my meat like a merciless carnivore — the fake T-Rex downstairs had nothing on him.
Police arrested parolee Terrence Holyfield, 23, and Charles Anderson, 18, two Oakland men after a carjacking in South Berkeley late Thursday night. A woman had parked her car before midnight in the 2100 block of Prince Street when three men approached her. One of them had what appeared to be a gun.
George Chang, an associate professor emeritus of nutritional science and toxicology, lived in a three-bedroom apartment in Unit 2's Towle Hall for eight years as part of Berkeley's Resident Faculty Program. He taught tai chi and hosted a newspaper-reading activity he called "Papers with the Prof."
Any Fapstronauts in here?!
Accomplishing what was theorized to be impossible according to the laws of physics, UC Berkeley professor of electrical engineering and computer sciences Ali Javey and his research team have created the smallest transistor to date, allowing for faster electronics in the future.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox on having oral sex in VLSB: "My momentary partner went at my meat like a merciless carnivore — the fake T-Rex collecting dust downstairs had absolutely nothing on him."
English 143 Series
UPE admission?
Student loan disbursement question
UPE admission?
Anyone in Pol Sci 179?
MS/PhD vs just PhD in EECS application
Berkeley ANova: Alex Stamos, head of security at Facebook and former CSO of Yahoo, will speak at Soda Hall's HP Auditorium from 12pm–1pm on October 12, 2016, to talk about his experience helping secure the Internet for the 1.7 billion people who use Facebook each month. Free Sliver will be provided.
Jake Fineman on CalSERVE: Calling themselves the "progressive coalition" is disingenuous … CalSERVE senators including ECO senator Wes Adrianson bloc voted against Student Action André Luu's resolution creating a working group improving student accessibility to BART because Luu was running for EAVP.
Cal senior Iris Ananthset made a post “Clown Spotting” Saturday in the Free and For Sale Facebook group. She and her roommate were walking home at 11pm when they saw a man in a black coat and a white hockey mask "limping" toward them on the sidewalk. "I would assume he was trying to scare people."
With local elections approaching, some are concerned about low student engagement in Berkeley politics. Students can register to vote at Friday's ASUC-sponsored VOTECHELLA event and meet Berkeley mayoral candidates at a forum on campus Monday. Unit 1 and Unit 3 will be polling locations in November.
Maximum number of units for double major transfer?
Startrails and the Campanile
As university librarian, Jeffrey MacKie-Mason has his finger on the pulse of the Berkeley Library conglomerate: 25 libraries with a $50 million annual budget and over 400 employees report to him, and the whole system includes 11 million print volumes and more than 30 million items in all formats.
Cal professor Michael Rape and his team discovered a link between stem cell and calcium development in bone formation and growth, creating hope for those with bone deformities, in findings published Thursday in the journal Cell. He had help from Nobel Prize-winning professor Randy Schekman's lab.
Berkeley police are searching for suspects after a robbery at gunpoint Saturday 11:30pm outside Cory Hall. The male victim was on his laptop at the bus stop in front of Cory Hall when one suspect — a Black male in his 20s — sat next to him and revealed a semi-automatic handgun, demanding the laptop.
Lisa Albertson is a UC Berkeley transfer student but unlike most of her undergrad peers, she has been a student on campus since the year 2009. One of many students with a disability, she attributes her lengthy undergrad career to an "incompetence" on behalf of Cal and the Disabled Students' Program.
Where do you guys get your quarters for laundry on Southside?
Need your help! Lost Macbook at Berkeley Bowl West
A short film about the moments I experience at Berkeley, I love this place
Does Cal's Republican Club Still Endorse Trump?
Alternatives to Vik's Chaat?
Berkeley computer scientists Tomas Vega and Pierre Karashchuk hosted a "make-a-thon" to develop an "edge detection system" for Danny Stickney's wheelchair to protect him when he navigates stairs. Stickney, who suffers from cerebral palsy and vision impairment, finds the technology "liberating".
My Love Affair With the Brain: The Life and Science of Dr. Marian Diamond, a documentary about the brain research of integrative biology professor Marian Diamond, a founder of modern neuroscience, is playing at Mill Valley Film Festival, Oct. 6-16. There are 10 Berkeley-connected films at MVFF.
Local universities have been "snubbed" by the Nobel committee this year even though the Bay Area's research powerhouses — Stanford, Cal and UC-San Francisco — have built their academic reputations on stuff Alfred Nobel honored: intellectual freedom, creative drive, world-class infrastructure, money.
The UC Berkeley Law Students of African Descent (LSAD) group held a 'Black Out' demonstration on campus Thursday afternoon to "stand in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement and show our continued questioning and resistance of racism, oppression, and violence against our communities."
10 Berkeley-connected films at the Mill Valley Film Festival. The films are by Berkeley filmmakers Sylvia Brownrigg, Deborah Kaufman and Alan Snitow; Catherine Ryan and Gary Weimberg; Katy Grannan; Doug Nichol; Siciliano Trevino, Finn Taylor, Charlotte Lagarde, Carrie Lozano, and Rob Nilsson.
Freaking out about take-home midterm
Cal just lost to Oregon State, the worst Pac 12 team in overtime.
If you're looking for an interesting documentary to see, check out "The Red Pill" on November 1st at Landmark Shattuck Cinemas
Are there any military veterans using the Post 9/11 GI Bill here?
"Hello, Daily Cal? I'll take the job."
r/CFB has been pretty vocal about their dislike of the PAC12 broadcasters for Cal Football. Feel the same way? Tune in to your peers and listen to a much better product. Let's Make Announcing Great Again.
Cheap dress shirt and pants
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: Campus still lacks sufficient gender inclusive bathrooms. Increasing inclusivity on campus means making sure that gender inclusive bathrooms are commonplace and easily accessible, rather than hidden away.
Saha, a new Middle Eastern cuisine restaurant on Shattuck Avenue that filled the vacancy left by Herbivore, celebrated its earlier opening at a ribbon-cutting ceremony Thursday. Several city officials, including Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates, were present at the ceremony to welcome the new restaurant.
Autumn Shearer, a senior majoring in media studies, hasn't been able to attend class since fracturing her foot last Friday. Shearer, who is blind, would have been able to receive a personal attendant through the campus's Disabled Students’ Residence Program, but it was discontinued in 2014.
The principal of King Middle School in Berkeley contacted the police Friday after becoming concerned about a threat posted on social media about 'killer clowns' coming to the campus. The Instagram account wrote: "Don't Run — Going After Berkeley High, Longfellow middle school, King."
Barbara Lee: Students need great advocate on Capitol Hill
What are chill upper division Chemistry/Allied Subjects electives?
Amazon Student is free for 6 months for anyone with a valid .edu email. Tell your friends
Amazon Student is free for 6 months for anyone with a valid .edu email. Tell your friends
Magic Leap ($1.5 Billion funded start-up) Systems Engineer, Ben Reinhardt to speak at VR Conference this Saturday!
Berkeley’s $50k Cleantech University Prize Applications Open Until 10/31
What is the most useful or worthwhile set of Econ electives to take?
favorite book you've had for a class?
Psych 1 vs 2
Catherine Straus: My summer romance: Ivy League boy values sexual purity beyond our connection, so he could not see me as a viable romantic partner. My mom boils my track record down to my body count's reaching unwife-able double-digits and ignores my shitty prospect pool can be due to bad luck.
Several months ago, Cal senior Santos Vazquez correctly guessed Hillary Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, earning him a ticket to the VP debate Tuesday. "For Hillary, I read a lot about her, and I knew she was polling well with minorities and women but wasn't polling very well with old white men."
Berkeley mayoral candidate Zachary RunningWolf is on hunger strike in the Santa Rita Jail. He began his hunger strike in protest of his $50,000 bail. He was arrested on suspicion of vandalism and marijuana possession, which allegedly occurred during a march in support of a prison labor strike.
Berkeley sociology professor Arlie Russell Hochschild's new book, Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right (The New Press), has made the list of finalists for this year's National Book Awards. The winners will be announced on Nov. 16.
Podcasts for Pol Sci 179?
Any R1B Recommendations?
Extra Tix to Lumineers Tomorrow -- Due to unforeseen baseball circumstances. Two tickets at face value if anyone's interested. PM me and we can meet up tonight. Thanks...
Good &amp; reliable barber shops in the area?
Most worthwhile CS upper divs?
Indian food/grocery general
Best place to study after 2 am?
The Washington Post: Several top-tier schools, including Berkeley, put several of their graduate programs online through 2U, an education technology company. Nearly half of the graduates from Berkeley's data science program report they were promoted in their jobs after completing the program.
A roomful of supporters of suspended Berkeley teacher and BAMN member Yvette Felarca shut down Wednesday's School Board meeting, demanding that she be returned to her classroom immediately. She was suspended for hitting a neo-Nazi. "We will not let Donald Trump run this district," said one woman.
J Jung: "Even before the first columns were published, I had personal anecdotes ready to be unleashed upon this cisgendered, heteronormative campus. I was going to use my transwoman life to reveal and break down larger systems of structural oppression. Now I realize, what fucking bullshit."
Just saw a creepy clown on the fire trails and really freaked out
Nearly a dozen students convened in Dwinelle Hall Tuesday for the new Homeless Student Union's first general meeting. Students created the union to pursue avenues such as guaranteed housing for homeless and housing insecure students, meal point donations and an emergency housing fund for students.
Where to get some keys duplicated?
FREE EVENT - Night Hikes at Joaquin Miller Park - October 28th and 31st!
FREE EVENT - Birding at Middle Harbor Shoreline Park
Switching from math to CS junior year
Open letter to the UC Berkeley Chancellor Search Committee | The Daily Californian
what's happening on southside?
Yelp New Grad
Getting balanced billed after SHIP
Helpful Guide to California State Propositions
UCPD's Annual Security Report: There were 13 rapes reported at Cal last year, a decrease from the 15 reported in the previous year. Reported fondlings on campus, however, increased from nine in 2014 to 24 in 2015. Robberies and burglaries on campus declined from 2014 (23 and 61) to 2015 (9 and 34).
Saturday Oct. 8 the Berkeley Community Fund will celebrate its 25th anniversary with a big party at the UC Theatre in downtown Berkeley. In June, it honored its latest cohort of 27 Berkeley High seniors with $16,000 scholarships each. In all, BCF gave $2.68 million in scholarships between 2008-2016.
Berkeley Faculty Association said Robert Reich is a candidate they'd love to be Cal's new chancellor. Iman Sylvain, a doctoral student in microbiology who is on the search committee: "That would be really cool to see. I've been to protests with him — he shows up and talks about labor violations."
Citation help services on campus?
UberEATS for fairly cheap meals
Anyone know of a bar or restaurant playing the VP Debate?
Should I Continue with CS?
Does anyone know how to "hack" the think about it training?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox: "The first time I saw anyone vaguely like me on a screen was during a covert PornHub tirade at age 10. I found myself digitally trapped within the confines of a grimy prison shower, sandwiched between the thick dicks of two tattooed prison guards."
Is joining Tau Beta Pi worth it?
Can you buy lean with meal points?
Awesome VR Conference this Saturday in Stanley Hall UC Berkeley!
Former Cal football coach Roger Theder has passed away at age of 76
Vice Chancellor for Real Estate Robert Lalanne, who oversaw construction, development and maintenance of campus property, resigned Monday. The position of vice chancellor for real estate will be eliminated, Nicholas Dirks's second initiative to be eliminated. The first: Berkeley Global Campus.
Firefighters had to extricate a mother and daughter from their overturned vehicle in North Berkeley after they followed another car that hit them, causing property damage, on Monday afternoon, authorities said. "The victim vehicle probably lost control, hit a parked car and flipped over."
At Cal, services offered through Workability IV (WAIV) helped students with disabilities transition from home to life at college. It also taught students with disabilities how to secure services from the state. WAIV was closed. UC Berkeley had 1,800 students with disabilities last school year.
Athletic director Mike Williams announced a 10-year, $100 million "guaranteed" agreement with the sports marketing outfit Learfield for the rights to sell Cal's brand through TV, radio, social media. Cal Athletics has $18 million in annual debt from the seismic retrofit of Memorial Stadium.
In case you missed it, here is Utah getting 7 chances to run the football a few yards for a win, and failing. Our defense did work.
Is taking physics 111A during the summer a good idea?
Concerned about my major and future
parking nearby or outside campus that isnt metered or zoned? (permit required)
Op-Ed: National Greek organization failed on opportunity to make Greek life inclusive
Haruka Senju on his "cool" mom. High school: "When Mom found a condom wrapper in the backseat of the car, she coyly placed it on the dashboard so next time I used the car I would know she knew." To Mom: "I don't have the desire, the diligence or, more importantly, the grades to get into law school."
UC will partner with Boys &amp; Girls Club of America to increase UC enrollment of Californians and undergraduate-student diversity statewide. Set to begin later this year, all 10 campuses will provide club members with opportunities to meet faculty and students and information about applying to UCs.
Conservative professor Steven Hayward: "Where did today’s crusaders for social justice acquire their perceptions of injustice? Considered candidly, it would have to trace back to the dead white guys who founded the liberal tradition, like Locke and Kant, who are typically rubbished or unread today."
A passenger car and a truck carrying human waste collided near the intersection of College and Ashby Avenues about 6:00 a.m. Sunday morning. The passenger car left the roadway and entered the property of the Wells Fargo Bank at 2959 College Ave., but did not hit the building.
How do I tell if a course is upper division?
Berkeley’s $50k Cleantech University Prize Applications Open Until 10/31
Accidentally accepted half of loan amount offered for the wrong reason
Looking for serious fantasy basketball fans
What is this DCP retirement savings thing I have at Fidelity from Berkeley?
Robert Calonico, Cal Band's director since 1995: "All the years of being here and playing for so many class reunions and meeting so many alums, I have literally had people come up to me from the '30s, '40s, '50s, and they shake my hand and they're crying because we are a link to their youth."
First-generation student Amanda Chung: "My groans of mortification will never quell my mom's undying desire to scream “Go Bears!” from the highest mountain top … My parents' untamable displays of enthusiasm for my school can get old quickly, but their genuine pride is something I'll never tire of."
Cal physics prof Marvin Cohen attended Cal from 1953 to 1957. "When you go to an event, and the Cal Band comes through, you start hearing those songs, and because you remember them from when you were in college, you start singing along. It's a very good feeling.” Also quoted: Paul Li and Jim Powell.
Resources outside of Piazza?
At about 11:26 p.m. Friday an Asian male was the victim of an attempted robbery near 2500 block of Dwight Way. The suspect possessing brass knuckles was a Black male in his 20s with a medium build wearing a hooded sweatshirt. The other two suspects were described only as Black males in their 20s.
Flames gutted Berkeley's First Congregational Church Friday. The 4-alarm blaze caused the roof to collapse. The brick building has been red tagged. Street closures around the fire caused headaches and traffic for Cal Bears fans trying to get to the homecoming game against Utah.
Going from CS to quant trading?
Getting reimbursed for Health Insurance?
To the girl at Crossroads who really likes soft serve
To the cute girl at Crossroads who really likes soft serve
To the cute girl at Crossroads who really likes soft serve
CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT UTAH UTES 28-23
Where to go and best way to ship a package to Japan?
I don't follow football. I said "Go Bears!" to someone a while ago, but now I realize he's from the other team because he wore red.
#technomonday #techno #kg #technoakland
Crime facts
Maggie Lam
Janet Napolitano: It’s time to free speech on campus again
How to start working out?
The state bureau of Alcohol and Beverage Control released figures for the first two weekends of the school year showing this year's total of alcohol-related 551 incidents is up 30% from 2015. In 2016 police handed out 36 citations for 'furnishing alcohol to minors,' beating the 2006 record of 32.
Neil Lawrence who is trans: "I showed up to my room on the queer floor (in Unit 3) to find Housing placed me with two girls and written the wrong name on my door…I've been misgendered by everyone from a postmodernism-literate anthropology GSI to a befuddled work supervisor to this very publication."
Norma Supapo, 70, of Berkeley was struck and killed Tuesday by a van as she attempted to cross a Richmond street. She was not in a crosswalk. The driver wasn't able to see her because of another car that was making a left turn in the lane next to him. "By the time he saw her, it was too late."
The CPUC approved two new private ferry operators to begin public commuter service from Berkeley and Emeryville to SF and Redwood City. Tideline Marine Group will begin service from Berkeley Marina to SF one day a week beginning by the end of October pending approval by the Berkeley City Council.
Harambe Candle Light Vigil Pictures?
High gpa but low sat and act scores. I am panicking that I won't get into a good UC like la, Santa Barbara or Davis. I need advice Total gpa (W) 4.15 (UW) 3.9 10-12 gpa (W) 4.27 (UW) 3.81 Sat 1120 Act 21
3-alarm fire breaks out at Berkeley church on Channing Way
Fire at First Congregational Church
What's with the smoke?
Across from Ida Sproul. Thank you so much Berkeley PD and FD for keeping us safe.
Question from a high school senior applying to COE
Virtual Reality Convention at UC Berkeley! October 8th, Going to be awesome!
Anyone else just hear a ton of sirens?
Catherine Straus: Third-grade swim teacher joked her two-piece would "distract male peers and make them drown ... Having been in Berkeley two years with the privilege to walk with my nipples poking through my tank in a very tasteful 90s way, I've forgotten what it's like to have my outfits policed."
Students can participate in a student-led forum Oct. 4 hosted by ASUC President Will Morrow and former Graduate Assembly president Iman Sylvain who are seeking student opinions in the search for the next chancellor. ASUC's André Luu described the lack of student representation as "disturbing".
Students in Berkeley got a firsthand account of what it's like to explore and live in outer space. Retired astronaut Scott Kelly shared his experiences with Berkeley's School of the Madeleine. In February, Kelly returned from the International Space Station where he spent 340 consecutive days.
Girls Garage, a 3,600-square-foot workshop in Berkeley, offers girls ages 9 to 13 a "room of their own" to create their own living spaces. With a wood shop, a metal shop, a digital fabrication studio, it offers after-school sessions in intricate metalworking, as well as woodworking and carpentry.
art requirement question
Math 10A Midterm
Assholes at Berkeley
Homeless Man outside my apartment
getting into student section at utah game as an alumni
Any nice places for landscape photography not too far from campus?
UC Berkeley Professor Accused of Sexual Harassment sues his accusers.
Clark Kerr Academic Center
Closest Place to buy Blue/Green Books on Northside of Campus? Does Pat Brown sell them?
EECS 45 unit CoE requirement
Berkeley City Council unanimously agreed to hold a public hearing to discuss the first phase of a pilot program that will add a two-lane bikeway and a transit-only lane to sections of Bancroft Way at its regular meeting Tuesday. The pilot project is expected to cost about $122,000.
Berkeley mayoral candidate Zachary Running Wolf (Freddie Lee Smith), 53, is running his campaign from Santa Rita Jail where he is being held for felony vandalism. He spray painted in large yellow letters on the side of the Bank of America branch at a "Prison Strike" solidarity march in Oakland.
Berkeley City Council voted to ask for criminal charges for resisting arrest and failure to obey a court order to be dropped against Ayohenia "Ayo" Chaney, a 28-year-old black woman who ran into trouble with the law while protesting her eviction from the home that had been in her family since 1965.
What is IEOR like?
Nicholas Dirks was skeptical at Times Higher Education World Academic Summit about Hillary Clinton's free university tuition proposal for students in families making less than $125,000/year. "I don't think it's going to happen"; it would enable government to "control" public research universities.
What your go-to boba place says about you | The Daily Californian
Is there anyway I can withdraw from one class (without withdrawing from Berkeley?)
5th year master's EECS
Easy 1-2 Unit Classes? Any recommendations?
Math 10A Midterm
Question about Math 1A Midterm
Security hole in tinder lets you see your friend's profiles
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board calls Cal's response to DOJ "embarrassing": "When Cal suggests complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act might be too expensive and may simply remove online offerings to ensure compliance, it demonstrates apathy toward the needs of those with disabilities."
A person was stabbed in West Berkeley shortly before 9 p.m. Monday. Officers responded to the stabbing, at Gilman Street and San Pablo Avenue. The victim was taken to a local hospital by paramedics but is in stable condition and expected to survive.
The Berkeley Humane Society in West Berkeley is now offering low-cost spay and neuter services at its Veterinary Hospital to mitigate animal overpopulation. It charges $65 to neuter a cat, $150 to neuter a dog, $85 to spay a cat and $200 to spay a dog, with an extra $75 fee for dogs over 75 pounds.
Nobel Prize-winning physicist Eric Betzig and his Cal alumna wife, world-class biophysicist Na Ji, will join UC Berkeley faculty in 2017. Betzig and Ji will have joint appointments and research programs at LBNL in the Molecular Biophysics and Integrated Bioimaging Division of the Biosciences Area.
Debating P/NP need some advice
Drunk Cal fan touches random kid at taco truck
Are athletic games other than football/basketball free for students?
Achievement unlocked: bottoming. "I bit his pillow... begging for some form of relief. I hoped that by inflicting any miniscule amount of pain on this inanimate object of comfort, I could somehow escape the penetrative force."
Achievement unlocked: bottoming. "I bit his pillow... begging for some form of relief. I hoped that by inflicting any miniscule amount of pain on this inanimate object of comfort, I could somehow escape the penetrative force."
The pressure in academia is ridiculous. It's important to take care of yourself. Join us this Thursday for some tips. 3 PM. 223 Moses Hall.
Good sports bar in Berkeley? Flying in from Utah for the football game on Saturday, looking for a fun place near campus to watch RSL/Earthquakes soccer game afterwards.
Berkeley Amoeba Music Gets License to Sell Marijuana
Berkeley Mayoral Candidate Jesse Arreguin not progressive
Failed Midterm. Can I Simply Not Attend?
On Donald Trump: The leaders of Berkeley Repertory Theater, who, casting about for a show to coincide with the fall presidential campaign, hit upon an idea: They would write a new adaptation of Sinclair Lewis's 1935 novel imagining the election of an American demagogue: "It Can't Happen Here."
Madison Stockton, a former member of the Cal women's crew team, filed a lawsuit Friday in the Alameda County Superior Court against the UC Board of Regents and her former coach alleging that his improper credentials led to her back injury, a herniated disc, on Sept. 25, 2014.
Inspired by Kaepernick, Sayre Van Young emailed Berkeley City Council, which begins its first post-summer meeting by reciting the pledge of allegiance. Mayor Tom Bates: It's OK to stand or sit. The pledge could end with the added words "some day" to "with liberty and justice for all … some day."
Multiple students and faculty have reported posters that were determined by Cal administration to contain anti-Semitic rhetoric. The posters allege the Jewish community inhibits free speech on campus and reference the US's deal to give Israel $38 billion in military aid money over the next 10 years.
Thoughts on the presidential debate?
Jake Fineman on ASUC senators' failure to act: "...it falls once again to us, the electorate, to hold our representatives accountable: If we cannot trust them to devote 20 minutes to an easy but necessary task, how can we trust them to work for students’ needs on a larger scale?"
When are Spring class enrollment appointments usually?
Oregon CC student with 40 quarter credits. California resident. Should I transfer to a CA CC?
Let's talk groceries
any places on/around campus to watch the debates today?
Why do girls keep looking at me?
Birthday Bear: Iconic Oski turns 75
Cal Students Deserve A Voice – Making up nearly 30% of the total population, paying aproxinmately $100,000 a month in sales tax they have no direct voice on City Council. This is unacceptable and its time to end taxation without representation
The National Weather Service issued a heat advisory, warning of record-high temperatures in Berkeley and the entire San Francisco Bay Area from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Sunday and Monday. Inland areas will experience temperatures ranging from 90° to 105° Fahrenheit. Temperatures will begin cooling Tuesday.
Berkeley Police Department responded to shootings near King Street and Alcatraz Avenue Sunday night at 8:23 p.m. Dispatch received a call at 8:23 p.m. of "six-seven loud reports" in the area of Alcatraz Avenue, King and 63rd streets. One victim was shot twice in the abdomen and the other in the leg.
At 5:55 p.m. Friday, a white man with curly brown hair in an electric wheelchair allegedly touched a female victim inappropriately. Dozens of Cal students commented on a post in the "Free &amp; For Sale" Facebook page to report similar past incidents involving a man who matched the suspect description.
Elaina Provencio: Freedom of Speech: A Legacy or a Trap? Berkeley College Republicans' Claire Chiara: In the last month members have been physically assaulted twice. A student grabbed a sign, tried to walk away with it and, when confronted, defended his actions saying we had no right to display it.
Locations on campus where you've noticed an excess amount of cigarette butts.
Does anyone know a place that will be showing a presidential debate tomorrow?
Stat XBW2- Intro to Stats
Best Study Place that is Very Moist and Not Too Hot?
Questions for CS majors
How Smartphones Change the Way You Think | TedX Talk by a Berkeley Alum
Cal football: Despite a strong first half where Cal took a 24-10 lead, it could not survive a strong second half comeback against Arizona State as the Bears fell to the Sun Devils, 51-41.
Berkeley police got a call Sunday about the dead body of a homeless man, Roberto Benitas. He died of natural causes near the doorway of the old U-Haul building on San Pablo Avenue and Addison Street. Mike Lee, a homeless man running for mayor, said he'd known him and even shared some beers with him.
College applications were up 6 percent in the fall of 2015, according to the National Association for College Admission Counseling, and that means campus tours are up as well. Berkeley, for example, reported a 14 percent increase in visitors in the past year.
UC Berkeley has jumped three notches to a tenth-place tie in the annual Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2016-2017. The ranking's methodology focuses on criteria related to teaching, research, citations and international outlook.
Media group Thomson Reuters picked Cal physics professor Marvin Cohen as a 2016 Citation Laureate — a recognition given to scientists predicted to win the Nobel Prize. Cohen was selected for his work in theoretical materials science, a field key to developing new technologies used in computers.
Does anyone want tickets? Little brother in ER, gonna be fine but can't make the Warfield tonight.
Anybody who's taken Psychology 1 before?
Berkeley's second 2016 murder on Wednesday, September 22: The day after Ignacio Francis Jr., also known as Greg or 'lil G', was gunned down at 7:30pm while standing with a group in the 1800 block of Fairview Street, his friends paid their respects where he died. He and the killer knew one another.
Berkeley's second 2016 murder on Tuesday, September 22: The day after Ignacio Francis Jr., also known as Greg or 'lil G', was gunned down at 7:30pm while standing with a group in the 1800 block of Fairview Street, his friends paid their respects where he died. He and the killer knew one another.
The "manbassadors," a group of male students in the Haas School of Business, are working to promote gender equity to educate full-time male MBA students on gender equity. The program uses four main initiatives — "Guy Talk," a tip sheet, a weekly email and a commitment survey.
BUSD placed BAMN's Yvette Felarca, a Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School teacher, on administrative leave Wednesday. Felarca taunted and hit a neo-Nazi attending a white nationalist extremist group's rally. She and others were injured in the confrontation. Film clips show her with a head wound.
Cal journalism student Daphne Matziaraki was among 17 filmmakers awarded Student Academy Awards out of 1,749 submissions in Beverly Hills. "4.1 Miles," was about a Greek coast guard captain on the island of Lesbos during the refugee crisis. All the winning films are now eligible for Academy Awards.
LBNL's pioneering physicist Edward Joseph Lofgren died at 102. He attended Cal as an undergrad/grad student, earning his PhD in 1946. At 5 or 6, he was inspired to become a physicist when he watched tree branches blow and wondered if the tree was making the wind or the wind was making the tree move.
Rant.
How does waitlist work?
[Request] Looking for international studies class
Anyone interested in a ticket to Leon Bridges at the Greek tonight?
Late Class Add and Late Class Drop Fees Waived for Fall 2016
I live in the Kingman co-op and am considering transferring. I don't know much about the other co-ops around campus and need advice.
Amazon Prime Student is free for 6 months for Berkeley students
State DOJ, led by Attorney General Kamala Harris and Y Combinator-backed, Cal-founded, nonprofit organization Bayes Impact, are unveiling URSUS, a statewide tech initiative to collect police use-of-force data from over 800 police departments.
Don’t forget, Amazon Prime is free for 6 months for college students
Do you run a student org? Do you like money?
Wednesday near campus: An attempted armed robbery at 9:50pm on Virginia Street and a completed armed robbery at 11:58pm at the intersection of College Avenue and Parker Street. The suspect for both incidents is 20 to 30 year old Black male 5’7” to 5’10” with a light complexion and medium build.
The Prison University Project will be awarded the National Humanities Medal at the White House on Thursday. Jody Lewen — who received a doctorate in rhetoric from Cal — started PUP by teaching classes at San Quentin State Prison to provide prisoners with an associate's degree in liberal arts.
Two Berkeley alumni have won MacArthur fellowships — unsolicited, no-strings-attached awards of $625,000. Gene Luen Yang (BA CS 1995), a Bay Area graphic novelist, and Josh Kun (PhD ethnic studies 1999), a cultural critic in Los Angeles, are among 23 fellows named by the MacArthur Foundation.
The UC Berkeley FemSex DeCal has garnered media attention for requiring all students affiliated with the class to agree to a contract stating they will not "hook up" with other students or the student facilitators. All five sections are currently at full capacity with a total of 100 students.
Breaking: Berkeley police respond to another shooting. The shooting happened at South Berkeley at Fairview and Harper streets around 7:32pm. One person was taken to Highland Hospital for treatment. There has been a spate of recent incidents involving gunfire, some of which resulted in injuries.
Research vs grad course for machine learning SWE jobs?
For all you peeps feeling nervous: walk around campus listening to this and strut your stuff.
Does anyone know what the email about "Hostile Posters on Campus" was about?
Any clubs or hobbies to join near UC Village housing in Albany, CA.
Give up now
Places on/near campus to practice soccer on the weekends?
UC Berkeley Memes for Edgy Teens
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative | $600M -&gt; UC Berkeley + UCSF + Stanford
Berkeley middle school teacher who spoke out against neo nazis facing loss of job
Is it possible for Berkeley EECS students to get into our EECS Masters program with a ~3.2 GPA?
Are there any easy 4 unit classes that I can add at this point?
On yikyak, who is tybtab and why is everyone talking about him?
On yikyak, who is tybtab and why does everyone keep talking about him?
In town for a few days for work. Afternoons/evenings free. Where should I grab a drink and food?
Berkeley College Republicans on supporting Trump: "Members of BCR have been continually harassed, had property damaged and destroyed, had drinks poured on them and, during one incident, had a cellphone stolen out of a member's hand, all for simply supporting their preferred presidential candidate."
J Jung on a group presentation causing "severe discomfort": "I informed my professor I identified as a transgender woman ... If only his inspirational words could magically transform my deep bullhorn of a voice, making me feel womanly enough to present about zoning laws in front of a lecture hall."
Petitioning to be added to a full class
Berkeley City Council last night approved the city's fifth and sixth cannabis dispensaries, four months after approving the fourth. They selected Berkeley Compassionate Care Collective (BC3), 2465 Telegraph Ave. (led by the owners of Amoeba Music), and The Apothecarium, 2578 Shattuck Ave.
Berkeley police are responding to gunfire Wednesday at 5:40pm with a teenage boy injured as a result. Two people may have been crossing Sacramento at Russell when a truck's occupant(s) began to shoot at them. No victims were on the scene, but a local hospital reported a possible gunshot victim.
Easy 4 unit class to add?
Admissions Advice Needed... [College of Engineering]
Daily Cal released a database of professor's salaries. Professor Shachar Kariv of Economics tops the list at over $500,000
When exactly is the last day to drop classes?
Where around or outside campus can I take recyclables (cans and bottles) for spare change?
Erection won't go away?
Easy, 3 unit class pass/no pass?
Can I appeal a towing fee?
Anyone know what's up with all the helicopter activity in the Stadium - Clark Kerr area this morning?
Where around or outside campus can I take recyclables (glass and bottles) for change?
Berkeley police chief resigns
What happens when you drop a class and go below the unit requirement?
Graduating Senior Summer School Eligibility
Forced to move out of temp quad?
What are some good clubs to join?
I'm so lost
[Lil B THE BASEDGOD] Go cal Berkeley football! The team and cal Berkeley sports has " The BasedGods" blessing!!! Congrats !! Go Berkeley ca! I love u!
Dumb question, but will I be dropped from class if I don't show up to a midterm(s)?
Can I be accepted to B.S. CompSci on strong CC/SAT/ACT grades alone?
Can UC Berkeley look through our bMail emails?
"Piazza, console me after the 170 midterm"
Admissions Advice Needed... [College of Engineering]
Questions about the space industry!
A 26-year-old man, unaffiliated with Cal, was assaulted Friday on Dwight Way near People's Park after an argument. At 4:52 p.m., the suspect hit the victim several times in the head with a rock. The suspect is a Black man with a medium build and wearing a gray windbreaker and beanie.
UCPD reports 2nd rape in a UC Berkeley residential hall in 5 days. UCPD sent an alert Wednesday afternoon that they had received a report on Monday, Sept. 19 about the rape of a female student that happened on Saturday, Sept. 10 in a UC Berkeley residential hall.
California voters still favor Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump, but her current 17-percent lead is down 7 points since July, according to a survey released today by the Field Poll and Berkeley's Institute of Governmental Studies.
Occupants of two cars racing through Berkeley shot at one another over a six-block area Friday night before one of the cars crashed and the other sped off. A 17-year old boy was shot in the face during the incident – the second time he had been shot in seven months.
Admissions advice help [College of Engineering]
How do I get more units at this point?
Divisional Council (DIVCO) statement on the suspension of a student-facilitated course
Chinese 1A Grading Levels
Switching to CS as a Sophomore
Sex on Tuesday columnist Chris Cox on coming out as gay at Costco to his Iranian single mother the winter break after his first semester at UC Berkeley: "Momster broke down sobbing in front of a lunching public, called me every name in the book and verbally shanked my fucking heart."
#Poki, a new poke restaurant replacing former neighborhood cafe Mokka, held its soft opening Sunday. The new restaurant seeks to create traditional, simplified poke boxes — raw fish dishes — that customers can customize with a variety of additional ingredients, according to #Poki owner Diana Lee.
With six new luxury gyms set to open in the Berkeley area (Bold Lagree Fitness Studio, CycleBar, City Sports Club, SoulCycle, Equinox and Orangetheory Fitnes), some Berkeley residents are skeptical about how the facilities will fare. Berkeley already has the YMCA, 24 Hour Fitness, and the RSF.
Jake Fineman of SQUELCH!: "When I explain to people that I once worked as the chair of an ASUC political party, the responses are often predictable: groaning, avoidance, violent retribution ... while the ASUC is, in many ways, a blight on the campus, it doesn’t have to be."
Berkeley police spent 3 hours Monday negotiating with a man who had locked himself in his family's apartment in the 1500 block of Prince Street after threatening to kill officers and harm his mother and brother. He surrendered and was taken to a medical facility on an emergency psychiatric hold.
DOJ alleges Cal violates the ADA because of the lack of accurate closed captioning of its content on YouTube, iTunesU, and MOOCs for the deaf or hard of hearing. The complaints originated from National Association of the Deaf members Stacy Nowak and Glenn Lockhart, who are not affiliated with Cal.
Kinda nervous
Do grad schools care about the fact that the UCB EECS undergrad GPA is &lt;3.0? If my GPA is basically a 3.0, will they take the average GPA into account?
Do grad schools care about the fact that the UCB undergrad GPA is &lt;3.0? If my GPA is basically a 3.0, will they take the average EECS GPA into account?
So these posters are going up around campus and that's not cool
Can I be accepted to BSCS from good SAT/ACT + CC grades alone?
Berkeley ✨
FEMA pulls funding for tree clearing in Berkeley hills
Advice for those taking Math 53 and Physics H7B at the same time?
Mail from Anthem Blue Cross asking for SSN. Fake or real?
Lol @ Stanford already scheduling themselves for the Pac-12 Championship. Arrogant much?
UC Berkeley Reinstates Course on Palestine
BCC-Trying to Start a music Club
Ruby on Rails vs iOS Decal?
Shawn Trabanino had already received college acceptance letters when his sister was diagnosed with schizophrenia and his father with cancer. He dropped out of high school to financially support them. Later he graduated from UCLA in 2015, interned at the White House, and is now at Berkeley Law.
Working professional chances to get into UCB?
New to the area - What to do for fun?!
Cal students: Free admission for Cal volleyball when you present a valid Cal student ID. The first conference game is Tuesday against Stanford at Haas Pavilion. Cal was surprisingly successful in the nonconference portion, compiling a 6-4 record that is a good sign for the rest of its season.
Cal receiver Chad Hansen's big night. The Bears upset No. 11 Texas 50-43. Cal hadn’t beaten a top-11 team since knocking off Oregon on the road in 2007. The Longhorns outscored Cal 155-25 in the teams’ first five meetings, including their last visit to Strawberry Canyon in 1969.
Simone Zimmerman: Berkeley’s Choice To Nix Palestinian Course Disgusts Me: "When I was a freshman in the spring of 2010 at Berkeley, I fought to defeat a BDS bill on campus as a Hillel leader. ... When challenged to explain why boycott was an illegitimate avenue of political protest ... I couldn't."
Anyone else feel like the downvote arrow should be Stanford's logo?
Men's Consumer Personal Care Products Company Body Detailer® Seeks Business Partner for Long Lasting Relationship
[FYI] Police Review Commission
Too late to register to vote? Need to vote for Trump
Who getting fucked up tonight
Which hospital to go to with SHIP for emergency care?
CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS DEFEAT THE TEXAS LONGHORNS 50-43
Parents disowning me, how to FAFSA?
Spongebob's take on Cal's win tonight
enwere
fucking enwere
Are there any classes I can join this late?
Traffic sign taken over at the Campanile tonight
A few weeks ago undocumented immigrant Lizbeth Nuñez was picking grapes in the hot sun near Bakersfield with her mother, who migrated from Mexico over 15 years ago. She is weeks into her life as a UC Berkeley student, deeply immersed in studies she hopes will lead to a career as a psychopathologist.
After Call football's disappointing 2013 season (1-11), Darius Allensworth remembers how the coaches did not allow players to wear any clothing with a Cal logo in the weight room. "We had to wear gray shirts. Gray sweatshirts. Black socks. Black shoes. We weren't worthy enough to wear the Cal logo."
An unidentified juvenile was shot in the face in West Berkeley around 10pm after the car he was riding in sped through town. Police found a crashed silver car at Ninth and Pardee streets near Acme Bakery. The shooting victim's injuries were not life-threatening and he was taken to Highland Hospital.
Berkeley firefighters are battling a blaze in a building on the corner of Shattuck Avenue and University Avenue. Black smoke is billowing out of 2101 University Ave., which used to house the now closed Indian restaurant Tikka Corner. The 1925 historic building is known as the MacFarlane Building.
Does this mean everything went smoothly and I have graduated?
Any dank memers got a stream to the Cal vs Texas game?
Best place to see cal home game for free?
Please put out the fire in downtown Berkeley. It smells and I can't study
Advice on how to find past midterms for classes? (Specifically Econ 100A/Stat 20 here)
Cal Band plays at the Great Wall of China (Video)
Cheapest daily, weekly, or monthly parking spots (garages/lots)?
DoJ threatened to sue UC Berkeley over public webcasts
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: Trump exemplifies the hateful, uninclusive viewpoints Berkeley works hard to combat. Students must think critically about what constitutes acceptable speech. How can Cal reconcile the fact open support for Trump could harm various communities his rhetoric targets?
U.S. News and World Report named UC Berkeley the top-ranked public school among national universities for the 19th consecutive year. For UC Berkeley, the freshman retention rate stands at 97 percent, in contrast to an average of 86.9 percent among all numerically ranked national universities.
Berkeley police have arrested a man who allegedly carjacked a car from the North Berkeley BART station, raced through Berkeley, crashed the car into a house in the 1500 block of Sixth St. near Jones Street and tried to escape onto the train tracks while a train approached.
Don Buchla, 79, the electronic musical instrument designer who built one of the first modular synthesizers and whose influence on electronic music is still prevalent today, died Wednesday. Buchla attended UC Berkeley before founding his musical instrument company, Buchla &amp; Associates, in 1962.
Interested in Satire? Apply for the Berkeley Beet
How to check DARS?
I know it's a little late, but are there any easy 1 unit classes that are still open?
I know it's a little late but are there any easy 1 unit classes that are still open?
Marshawn Lynch at Cal Student Store---Will pay is someone gets his signature for me
Texas Pregamer: Cal - The enemy's (mostly satirical) look at the Golden Bears
Non-Student Living in Berkeley (21, M), Where to Meet People?
Masturbation schedule?
the cs61a midterm has arrived
Watch out for this :)
*the cs61a midterm has arrived*^kill^me^plz
denero is luv, denero is lyfe
Does the Haas undergraduate application change yearly?
Crime is down overall in Berkeley this year, after it spiked in 2015 with the highest serious felony statistics since 2009. But reported rapes were up 65%, with 11 more cases being brought to authorities than in 2015. 80% of the cases involved an acquaintance, while another five involved strangers.
EECS town hall: Students proposed L&amp;S contribute funding to the EECS department proportional to the number of L&amp;S students who take EECS courses. Satish Rao: "It's the basic responsibility of [Cal] to give the money we need to teach you. Seeking private donors is a bit heroic but a bit sad."
Former UC Berkeley School of Law dean Sujit Choudhry sued the UC Board of Regents Thursday, alleging he was the victim of racial discrimination and UC was attempting to deprive him of his reputation and career. He resigned as dean in March after allegations of sexual harassment came to light.
Any Swedish international students here? I'd like to exchange some swedish language practice for editing your papers / free coffee!
Any Swedish international students here? I'd like to exchange swedish language practice for editing your papers!
An Open Letter to the UC Berkeley Administration Regarding Academic Freedom
Gift Aid Gone?
Nice areas to live
Berkeley Mob Shuts Down Free Speech
UC Berkeley suspends controversial course on Palestine
UCPD arrested Sardar Sikandar Wali Zia Khan, 25, a suspect in a September 4, 2016, sexual assault at a university residence hall. The victim, a 19 year-old female student, was assaulted by a male acquaintance who was also a student, and a resident of campus housing.
Advice on auditing/sitting in on MCB grad course?
Non-romantic missed "connection"--- poor unfortunate boy who was sick on the sidewalk
How is Dating in Berkeley?
AirBears2 trouble on android?
Op-ed: Why I disrupted Chez Panisse. Matt Johnson, an animal-rights activist: "As the number of vegans and vegetarians increases and a recent gallup poll finds 32% of Americans support equal rights for animals to be free from harm, it is time for Berkeley to get ahead of the game as it always does."
Berkeley police are on the lookout for a suspect who shot at a man after they got into a verbal altercation Wednesday. A little after 9 am, two men got into a fight near the intersection of Ashby Avenue and Sacramento Street. One pulled a gun and fired at the other, but missed. The shooter ran away.
Thoughts on Sigma Phi Epsilon?
Two Berkeley restaurants are switching things up this month: Café Clem, a French-style café at 2020 Kittredge St., closed Aug. 31, and will reopen as a new French bistro, Maison Bleue. Last week, Bobo Drinks, located at 2037 Shattuck Ave., was converted into Tharaphu Burmese Street Food.
Michael Ward, 32, a man with a criminal record for indecent exposure will be sentenced this week after Berkeley police officers say he masturbated near playground children at Ohlone Park. He was naked — with only a jacket draped over his lap — when police contacted him Aug. 3 just before 2 p.m.
Help me start a Boardgame Club
Should I send a thank you email after an interview for a club committee position?
Should I send a thank you email after an interview for a club committee position?
Should I send a thank you email after an interview for a club committee position?
Got my 99 cent mousepad today
Engineering or Business?
Paying $20/hr for a Math 1A tutor
What's going on at Gordo Taqueria?
Need help with appeal rules
New Beat Mode Cal gear will be sold at the Cal Student Store starting this Saturday.
Flyering the flyerers
Just got accepted into an exchange program for Spring!
Questions from a wannabe transfer student
Rachael Garner: "Last semester I missed a midterm. I woke up, spent a few seconds mulling the 40-hour-a-week job and upper division course load that I was failing to juggle, and had a panic attack on my way to class. I had less than a drop of energy left in my body and promptly went home to sleep."
A magnitude-3.5 earthquake startled Berkeley and other East Bay residents early Tuesday morning. Its epicenter was near the Warren Freeway, State Route 13, near Joaquin Miller Road. The earthquake was recorded at 12:50 a.m., according to the U.S. Geological Service, with a depth of 2.98 miles.
UC Berkeley has suspended a student-led course by Paul Hadweh, "Palestine: A Settler Colonial Analysis," after an outcry from Jewish community leaders who called it biased, anti-Zionist and in violation of the university's academic standards.
M. Bilal, 27, dropping off an Uber fare in Berkeley flew into a "fit of rage" when he found his route blocked, drove into a UCPD security officer Saturday night. Charged $7 for the 4-minute ride, the rider, a Cal student, and her friend jumped out of the moving car "after he told us not to get out."
Mobile industry urges judges to overturn Berkeley's radiation warning
What's the best place to find free events?
Question about GRE scores for PhD in Computational Biology
How long does it take for employers to get back for career fairs?
Starcraft 2 Professional Visting Eudo Today!
Hiring Part-Time Student Brand Ambassadors at UC Berkeley - $15/hour
Three sexually assaulted during concert at Greek Theater.
Finally grabbing Phil's coffee for the first time! Any recommendations?
What are some social clubs on campus?
Did anyone else just feel an earthquake?
Hey fam, there's a townhall at hp auditorium in Soda on this Wednesday from 8:30 to 10 pm
Is there a free field to play soccer when Maxwell and Underhill aren't open?
On Aug. 24, Rolando Gutierrez, a Cal junior, visited the Tang Center and Direct Urgent Care, but left both without receiving treatment for severe dehydration. "At the end of the day I'm told I could have done this and I could have done that, but how am I supposed to know that off the bat?"
On Friday, one Berkeley College Republican was "sucker-punched"; a Donald Trump cut-out was ripped. Cal junior Ismael Chamu: "It's not an attack on freedom of speech, it's a retaliation to an attack on identity. BCR needs to acknowledge that there are limits to what kind of rhetoric you support."
Before stepping foot on the Mills College campus 11 years ago for my freshwomyn year, I had never heard the term “social justice”.
3 sexual assaults reported at Diplo's 'Mad Decent Block Party' in Berkeley; 2 victims were Cal students. First suspect: a Hispanic male, 21 years old, 5 foot 7 inches tall with a medium build. The second suspect was described as a white male (no age listed), 5' 11'' to 6' 1'' with an athletic build.
The Trump demonstration today wasn't done by Cal students--they were undercover journalists associated with Project Libertas
In need of an easy 2 unit class
Two sexual assaults at the concert at the Greek Theatre on Saturday
Can't buy football tickets
Funding fell short because of a steep rise in students on the waitlist for EECS primary courses to about 2,700 up from 1,600 last year. The department went to private donors and raised an additional $250,000 as of Aug. 29—funding being put toward adding more sections and increasing advising support.
On September 12, 2016 at 12:20am a male victim was approached by two males who punched him knocking him unconscious near the International House on the sidewalk of Bancroft east of Piedmont. The suspects took the victim's briefcase and its contents. Suspects include a black male over 6’0” in height.
taking anthro class
Oh it was so obvious! Nice highlight from Piazza.
Elizabeth Colson, a trailblazing professor emerita in anthropology at UC Berkeley died Aug. 3 at the age of 99 at her home in Zambia, Africa. Since the 1940s, she studied social change related to forced displacement, migration, development, kinship and political anthropology.
UC Berkeley does not allow chalking on campus property at any time. One person was found responsible for the graffiti targeting the LGBT community. That man was given a citation for chalking Sept. 6 and received a stay-away order that forbade him from going on UC regents-owned property for 7 days.
Berkeley police were called to world-famous restaurant Chez Panisse on Friday night after a group of 10-15 animal-rights protesters stormed into the dining room and disrupted dinner service by "screaming and yelling" at around 11pm. No arrests were made, although the police did detain five people.
John Lawson: Why I like drinking: a series of interviews. "The deal breaker was the lack of anonymity I felt the piece needed. People didn't want their names associated with it; they had jobs or were about to dive into the working life and worried it might jeopardize their occupational integrity."
Rejected from Clubs
EVERYTHING i've applied for here, I have not gotten.
Cal loses to San Diego State 45-40 and now I am sad.
Anyone wanna meet up and play some Mageknight
The campus paused Wednesday to honor Tarishi Jain, 18, a Cal student killed July during a terror attack in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The memorial was led by Sanchita Saxena, executive director of ISAS and community mental health care specialist Sarwang Parikh, as the Campanile’s bells sounded at 5pm.
CNN did a short segment about the social ramifications that come as a result of publicly endorsing Trump as a UC Berkeley student. CNN's ErinBurnett: "#Trump supporters, scorned...on a college campus synonymous w political free speech. @KyungLahCNN at @UCBerkeley"
Police are responding to an armed robbery report at Stuart and California streets in South Berkeley just before 9 p.m. Two juveniles armed with a handgun robbed two other juveniles of a backpack and phone. The robbers were identified as two black teenagers, who appeared to be 15 and 16 years old.
Berkeley police officers are having a busy night Saturday, with a stabbing on Russell Street followed by an unrelated crash involving a vehicle and bike on Ashby Avenue. One person was taken to Highland Hospital, but Berkeleyside couldn't confirm whether it related to the stabbing or the crash.
Why can I not enter Soda?
Cal Game Streaming
Are career fairs for internships worth it at all?
Where can I pet dogs in Berkeley?
What has your experience with a consulting club been like?
I miss the old BCR
Looking for Mad Decent Block Party Tickets
Where can I pet dogs in Berkeley?
CS 170 and PhD application
CS 170 and PhD application
Janitors who struggled in silence as survivors of harassment and assault in the workplace shared their experiences in support of state legislation via megaphone Thursday afternoon on the steps of Sproul Hall. They were joined by dozens of members of the Service Employees International Union.
At least three cats were killed in the past couple of weeks, most likely by a coyote, in the Northbrae neighborhood of Berkeley. Footage of one the attacks was caught on a resident’s video surveillance camera. Berkeley Animal Care Services had picked up several dead cats in the last four months.
Stanford and Cal were neck and neck in competing for the largest number of tech startups created by undergraduate alums. 1,006 Stanford graduates founded companies over the past 10 years, vs second-place Berkeley at 997. However, Cal grads founded more companies than did Stanford grads, 881 to 850.
The Berkeley College Republicans’ life-size cardboard cutout of Donald Trump was ripped up on Thursday on Sproul Plaza, just one day after other protesters attempted to aggressively swipe the GOP’s sign. BCR's Pieter Sittler: "David and I were tabling when five Hispanic males approached the table."
Ladies and Gentleman, I give you Haas
What was that LED bicycle parade?
Change to bMail configuration?
Limp Bizkit mousepads at Used Computers Store in downtown Berkeley
EECS Junior with 2.85 GPA. What do I do!?
Last Day to Add/Drop class without fee? Today?
Tyann Sorrell responds to Berkeley Law Dean Choudhry's letter
Reporting Road Raging Loop Cart Driver?
Dirks Out for Harambe in Main Stacks
Berkeley Nudism Club?
Zachary Runningwolf: The Students' Mayor
UC Berkeley Offers Class in Erasing Jews From Israel, Destroying Jewish State
UC Berkeley has tied with the University of Pennsylvania for second place in a ranking of undergraduate programs that have graduated the most venture-capital backed female entrepreneurs. Stanford: 125 alumna. Cal and UPenn: 104 alumna. Harvard: 100 alumna.
Semifreddi’s Café on Claremont Avenue, a decades-long mainstay for cinnamon bread, baguettes, hot paninis, coffee and hot chocolate, will close Sept. 30. Sales were not the problem. The lease was coming up for renewal and the rental rate was going up. On top of that, hourly wages are on the upswing.
The UC Berkeley Sigma chapter of sorority Alpha Omicron Pi was stripped of its charter last week. The international organization and the local board of Sigma alumnae Sigma 1916, which owns the house, have been stalled in negotiations over control of the property stemming from a 2005 bylaw change.
Bernie Sanders endorsed Berkeley mayoral candidate Jesse Arreguin on Thursday, marking the first major endorsement from a national political figure in this year’s local election. Roughly 55 percent of Berkeley voted for Sanders during the primaries, according to Arreguin.
TIL SubredditSimulator is a Cal student.
Drop Deadline for Fall 2016
Students protest after former Berkeley Law dean Sujit Choudhry returns to campus
Ehrman was memetastic the other week
To commemorate the 50th anniversary of Star Trek, the greatest Cal moment in Star Trek history!
Has anyone been able to get through to the CalCentral phone line?
Do infosessions matter for clubs?
Practice for IM Basketball?
Recount the Audit in October: Observers needed
Getting antidepressants from Tang?
Printed Company Equipped
Online Digital Printing Company
Do undergrad GSIs get paid really well?
CS 170 and PhD application
where can i buy a pet fish at berkeley?
Stolen Bike, would appreciate peeled eyes, or any help.
Latest plan calls for pedestrian-oriented Telegraph Avenue. At the Bank of America building on the corner of Telegraph and Durant, planners hope to set up a "small plaza comprised of art and artifacts" that will showcase temporary art installations, as well as new design features like new sidewalks.
Berkeley City Council's summer recess, which like those of many East Bay cities lasts about eight weeks from mid-July to mid-September, has prompted some community concerns that it at times has rushed or delayed the council's decision-making process.
ASUC passed a bill in support of a campus responsible bystander policy, which went into effect in August. The responsible bystander policy states underage students who seek medical help for themselves or their friends while intoxicated will not be subject to a student code of conduct violation.
The fourth and fifth floors of Moffitt Library will reopen to students in early November providing a 24-hour public space for students. The University Library spearheaded the $15 million project—funded primarily through private donations—with Turner Construction Company and design firm Gensler.
Is Math 54 a prerequisite for any upper division Econ courses?
Berkeley Concurrent Enrollment Questions
Electrical safety in Dwinelle...
Is buying an i&gt;clicker a good idea?
Best place to get a good sandwich on the cheap?
Can any Cal Student Film Pass holders get me into tomorrow night's screening of Tokyo-Ga?
Too late to add a class?
PDF of Physics 7B Lab manual?
Campuses Cautiously Train Freshmen Against Subtle Insults. Sheree Marlowe, former diversity officer at UCSC: A subset of microaggression is microinvalidation like comments suggesting race plays a minor role in life's outcomes, like "Everyone can succeed in this society if they work hard enough."
PDF of Physics 7B Lab manual?
Alright /r/berkeley CS majors, it's that time of the year again. Give me all your community college transfer advice!
Transferring from community college in CS: increasing chances?
Cal volleyball player Savannah Rennie has returned to the court and campus following a liver transplant she needed to address a congenital condition diagnosed last September. Coach Rich Feller is making sure she returns to training slowly.
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board on conservative scholar Steven Hayward: "Just because people have the constitutional right to say what they want doesn't mean they should. ... [he'll] reinforce many students' preconceived notions of conservatives as out-of-touch, old-fashioned, bigoted white men."
Los Angeles Rams' head coach Jeff Fisher announced quarterback Jared Goff will be inactive for the team's season-opening game Monday against the 49ers. Goff struggled through his first preseason as a professional. He threw two touchdowns despite struggling overall, completing 22 of his 49 passes.
Tsu-Jae King Liu — a longtime administrator and professor in the electrical engineering and computer sciences department — will serve as vice provost for academic and space planning. Liu was EECS department chair and associate chair from 2012 to 2016. he joined the UC Berkeley EECS faculty in 1996.
What liquor stores in Berkeley take foreign driver's licenses?
EECS vs CS: As a transfer student from CC, is one harder to get into than the other? Does it matter?
Ruby on Rails Decal
Chancellor Dirks Starter Pack
PSA: If you're buying alcohol at Safeway and have an out of state ID, bring your passport
How hard is it to move around within the stadium at football games?
Software consulting clubs on campus?
Incidence of Autism in EECS/CS Undergrads?
Where is Heavenly food truck now?
Park Barbeque
An open letter from Sujit Choudhry about sexual harrasment | The Daily Californian
Does anyone know the actual drop deadline this semester?
Bus/Uber to Dwinelle?
You're already off to a bad start
Berkeley, San Francisco rank last in home affordability, new survey shows | The Daily Californian
Looking for a cat sitter for 2 easy-going and cute cats 5 weeks
Violent racist &amp; homophobic attack on circumcision protesters at UC Berkeley: "You know what matters - female genital mutilation, male rights don't matter"
Is it possible for me to obtain business-related research opportunities as a freshman?
Are all CS account forms online now?
Beginning this fall, 17 Cal students moved into some of the Mills College dorms after being denied campus housing from their own university. After Cal added 750 new students this fall, which led to a shortage of campus housing, Mills and Holy Names University agreed to house up to 50 students each.
Big test for Cal students: affording housing in costly market. Rachel Regelein, a senior studying Egyptian archaeology, drives 5 hours from her Santa Cruz studio 3-4 days a week. Kevin Sabo, former president of UC Student Association, spent Fall 2014 homeless because he couldn't afford to pay rent.
No. 19 Cal women's soccer versus No. 15 Texas Tech. Defensive brilliance versus a then-undefeated team. It was supposed to be a close match, but it turned out to be a one-sided affair as the Bears mauled the Red Raiders, 4-0, with Cal scoring through four different players in the match.
Rachel Feder: "When I was 18, a Hall of Fame first baseman ate French fries off my plate. Orlando Cepeda and I were seated at a long, dark table where I was by far the least important of all the fine diners at the restaurant. How I got the seat next to the guest of honor is beyond me."
Raeline Valbuena on missing home as a college student: "My whole life I've been chasing independence and autonomy, and everytime I come home I think I'll be welcomed with more open arms and more open pride. But instead, they look at me like I'm more of a stranger."
Bullwhip on Campus/in dorms?
Do any of you still not have your books?
**FREE CANDIES TOMORROW AT SPROUL PLAZA**
First few weeks and already sick. How to avoid getting sick?
ERG Graduate Program
From the ucpd.berkeley.edu website please note 16-01948 in reference to the assault on my friend.
Students at UC Berkeley stimulates a dissected frog to twerk to uptown funk during Physiology Lab (IB 132L).
Typical EECS
Jump start needed
ISO man who assaulted my friend - who is this nutso?
How do students afford to go to this school with rent and cost of living in the area so high?
Good Social Student Clubs
Err... uc transfer application help!
Social student clubs on campus
Unused CS class acounts
Like board games? Check out the Board Game Arcade at Hotel Durant on Oct 2nd!
[FinAid] Aid not disbursed
Is it too late to add a class and still be able to catch up to the course material?
Is it too late to add/drop classes now?
Cal volleyball pushes record to 4-1 after winning 2 matches this weekend. Despite inconsistent play and Cal recording its first loss of the season against Long Beach State, the Bears showed fortitude in their second and third matches of the invitational and concluded the weekend with a 2-1 finish.
The latest report from the California Employment Development Department reveals that Berkeley's July unemployment rate was 2% lower than the California average of 5.9%, making it one of the state's lowest unemployment rates. The presence of Cal attracts residents with higher levels of schooling.
In Sproul Plaza on Thursday, the Berkeley College Republicans tabled in an effort to gain more support for the organization. Their Donald Trump signs drew a mix of protest and support.
Advance course planning: is it better to take Math 113 or 110 first?
Is My Academic Future Already Grim?
What happens if you don't meet the L&amp;S 13 unit requirement?
Eating in a restaurant by yourself?
PDF of Physics 7B Lab manual?
Goodbye, Ivory Tower. Hello, Silicon Valley Candy Store: Hal Varian, Google's chief economist, is the godfather of the tech industry's in-house economists. Once a well-known Cal professor, he joined Google in 2002 and helped refine its AdWords marketplace, where advertisers bid to have ads shown.
Goodbye, Ivory Tower. Hello, Silicon Valley Candy Store: Hal Varian, Google's chief economist is the godfather of the tech industry's in-house economists. Once a well-known Cal professor, he joined Google in 2002 and helped refine its AdWords marketplace, where advertisers bid to have ads shown.
Are all AC courses infested with stereotypical "SJW"s?
Competitive Majors at Berkeley?
Freshman here, taking CS61A, CS70 and ESPM50AC. Feeling overwhelmed/starting to fall behind, any tips?
AirBears2 not connecting
Am I in trouble if I major in Economics as opposed to Business (via Haas)?
Waterloo student looking to be involved?
Waterloo student looking to be involved?
Applied Math Major Cluster Flexibility
Waterloo student looking to be involved?
Students at UC Berkeley stimulates a dissected frog to twerk to uptown funk during Physiology Lab (IB 132L).
tes
Waterloo student looking to be involved?
Applied Math majors - What are your plans after graduation? (list your cluster too please!)
Among six scientists who emerged this week from a yearlong simulation of Mars was Cal alumna Sheyna Gifford, who left family and friends behind in August 2015 to live in a 1,000-square-foot dome on the north side of Mauna Loa. She was the health science officer and crew journalist for the mission.
10 Cal undergraduates and two Cal graduate students died in the last year. With a bagpiper and the release of white doves, the campus will hold a solemn gathering Monday, Sept. 12 at noon in memory of UC Berkeley staff, students, faculty, emeriti and retirees who passed away during the last year.
UC Berkeley artificial intelligence (AI) expert Stuart Russell will lead a new Center for Human-Compatible Artificial Intelligence, launched this week. Russell is co-author of Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, which is considered the standard text in the field of artificial intelligence.
UC Berkeley graduate student Julie Barrett filed a lawsuit against the UC Board of Regents. She alleges that UC Berkeley failed to pay her properly for her work as a reader in spring 2014 and that, as a result, she was not able to receive her master of laws degree from UC Berkeley School of Law.
Psychology majors/grads, what are you doing/plan on doing after getting your Bachelors?
Voyager Consulting advertises on Instagram...?
Best classes for learning about stock trading/investing?
I'm looking for a place in Berkeley where I can stare out at a surrealist sky, arms wrapped tightly around a girl, thoughts engulfed within the total sublimity of the human condition.
Semester ban on former Berkeley Law dean never implemented, and will be on campus this year
BPD wrote a record 551 alcohol-related citations such as possession of a fake ID and a minor in possession and made 17 in-custody arrests over the first two weekends of the semester because of a roughly $95,000 grant from the California Department of Alcohol Beverage Control.
Former City Council member and vice mayor Gilda Feller died Friday in her home at the age of 96. Feller served as foreman of the Alameda County Grand Jury and was president of the local chapter of the League of Women Voters. Feller was married to Boalt Law professor David Feller, who died in 2003.
Three UC Berkeley students were sworn in as the newest members of three city commissions. Councilmember Kriss Worthington appointed students Brazile Clark, Brianna Rogers and Trisha Agrawal to the Zoning Adjustments Board, the Planning Commission and the Peace and Justice Commission, respectively.
A 58-year-old man outside the downtown Berkeley Walgreens was nearly robbed at 6:25am Friday when the suspect tried to take his property. The suspect was unsuccessful and fled the area. He was described as a 25-year-old black man with medium complexion and a thin build wearing a blue or gray shirt.
6 weeks of free time before I start my full-time job - what can I do?
Girl is peeping at me in shower. I'm not bothered by it
Overpaid
tame impala 9/3
don't know how to get involved?
DAE think that the 11-2 lunch hours at MLK is stupid?
Ever wanted free equipment to make a short film? Here's your chance
Arrest in Front of Eshleman Hall- Anyone know what happened?
Campus Watchdog: Upcoming ‘Palestine’ Course Will Increase Antisemitic Atmosphere at UC Berkeley
Will police do anything about noise complaints on frat row?
In San Francisco and Berkeley, homebuyers need to spend a higher percentage of their incomes to buy a home than buyers in almost any other city in the country. The cities tied for last place in affordability along with other Golden State locations like Glendale, Santa Monica and Santa Barbara.
This semester students of Political Science 179, a class that hosts various guests, will gather in Pauley Ballroom to learn about issues relevant to the 2016 election. The class's first speakers focused on Proposition 64 which would legalize recreational marijuana in California.
Neville Hawkins, who played for Cal football team from 1970 to 1971, filed a class action lawsuit against the NCAA and the Pac-12 for "reckless disregard for the health and safety" of generations of Cal student-athletes. Hawkins, who suffered multiple concussions, suffers from early onset dementia.
Retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer announced Thursday she is donating her congressional papers to Cal's Bancroft Library. Speaking on campus, Boxer reflected on her 40-year career in elected office and the impact she believes the creation of her archives, and a newly announced lecture series, will have.
I'm in Astronomy C10. Can I use a pencil for this homework?
Not being able to get into a class? Wtf do you do?
What are all these consulting groups for?
Folks who are taking personal training sessions at the RSF, can you refer me?
Best places/buildings to watch the sunset ON CAMPUS ??
Engineering and Commerce Case Competition 2016-2017
Italian Studies 40 Readings
Engineering and Commerce Case Competition 2016-2017
Does a failed retake (not replacing grade) count toward the 12 unit grade replacement limit? (specific case in text)
High pitched ringing in Math/Stats library, evans hall?
What are some cool club/intramural sports?
PSA: Let them out before you go in.
UCB Symphony Orchestra Tour to Spain - Summer 2017
Amber Alert?
Whale Mating Call in Pauley Ballroom
Seeking tutor for CS189/289.
Security at the Greek Theater?
Sorority Reputations
Really need help getting a PHD dissertation from Berkeley’s online library.
Please Help!!
Tell me about your club/org and why I should join it
Safe &amp; affordable piercing spots around Berkeley?
Berkeley Daily Gazette, August 31, 1916 [x-post /r/100yearsago]
August 21, Shane Brodie stood a San Francisco Castro district sidewalk completely naked. The Berkeley resident, sculptor, and self-identified "fat trans man" is typically extremely shy. But that day, he was moved to bare all to protest "transphobic" Trump statues for equating manhood with genitalia.
Berkeley-based music collective Neighborhood Heavy honored slain member Alex "AyeGee" Goodwin Jr., 22, with the release of a five-track mixtape titled "#LongLiveAyeGee." It features five previously unreleased songs from Goodwin, who was shot and killed on the front porch of his South Berkeley home.
On Tuesday in Berkeley an elderly woman was nearly killed during a carjacking that led to two arrests in Oakland. After she got out of her car, suspects punched her in the face, knocked her to the ground, took her bag, and backed into her (with the car) and dragged her for a short distance.
looking for housing--single, 1k-1300 max for the rest of the academic year
More than six years after taking the helm of the Berkeley Police Department, Chief Michael Meehan is facing serious criticism from within his own ranks. The criticisms focus on weak leadership, low morale, insufficient staffing and inconsistent communication.
Two questions from a new student
Spring Transfers: how are you using your time,?
Can I bring my own container to bring soup out of the dining halls?
Does Valley Consulting Group leave its clients like it leaves its table?
A picture of last night's sunset, viewed from Stanford.
How do you change sections of the class you are wait-listed for?
Bioengineering class difficulty?
Intact genitals are a human right!
Senior thesis- does everyone have to do it?
Indian bread - help!
Questions about admittance into UC Berkeley as a transfer student.
Were we supposed to get new stickers on our ID cards?
Conservative scholar Steven Hayward to teach at UC Berkeley
Michael-David Sasson: Expanding CS61A, 161, 162 and hope to expand 170, 186, and 188. Thank you to the "the reporters from the Daily Cal" and "Profs Rao and Papadimitriou whose quotes in the article on the front page of the Daily Cal may have had something to do with the funds becoming available".
A stolen truck's owners managed to trick the apparent thief, Brett Walker, 49, of Berkeley into driving straight into the CHP parking lot Tuesday after the Berkeley man tried to sell the owners diapers on the street. The owners said they didn't have any money but could go to the bank and get some.
City Council member and 2016 mayoral candidate Laurie Capitelli sued the city of Berkeley on Monday over ballot pamphlet language that states he placed a City Council-backed minimum wage initiative on the ballot after being lobbied by business groups.
Lillia Bartlow, 9, got to ride in style to her first day of fifth grade at John Muir Elementary School. She was hit by a taxi in March while on a Claremont Avenue crosswalk with her mother after a PTA meeting, rode in a shiny red fire truck, courtesy of Engine Company 3 of the BFD.
The Bay Area Trauma Recovery Clinic opens its doors in Berkeley on Thursday to individuals suffering from PTSD and other forms of trauma. The clinic, which charges $15 to $80 per session depending on income, is the latest addition to the East Bay's limited affordable psychological health resources.
Three new restaurants will be opening on Shattuck Avenue in the next few months, offering a diverse array of cuisines: a new Middle Eastern restaurant, Saha; pizzeria Lucia's; and a beer garden and restaurant that will operate collectively under the name Cornerstone.
Is there a webcasted International Studies breadth class this semester?
Help with scheduling CS61B for a chemE?
is robert reich still teaching ppc103 in spring 2017?
History 162 with Wetzel
Another picture of last night's sunset
Secret hallway in Soda Hall - deleted reddit thread?
Where to get a tailored suit/formalwear?
Pretty sunset yesterday
2 tix to tame impala saturday
What are some good date places if you're under 21 and don't have a car?
What to do with my egg yolks?
Free tame impala ticket for Friday show!
The California Aquatics Center will open at the end of September after construction delays. It will function as an intercollegiate sports facility only open to campus aquatic athletic teams for training. It will feature a 52-meter training pool with a bulkhead and Cal's first-ever diving tower.
Britt Badgley Alamo, 40, a Longfellow Middle School teacher, died Friday unexpectedly in her sleep. She and her brother, Jason, graduated from BHS. Their mother taught in BUSD for 40 years. Alamo is survived by husband, Steve, and 7-year-old daughter, Elsa Amelie, who is a Berkeley schools student.
BPD is asking for the public's help to find a missing "at risk" man, Koichi Kawakami, 81. Kawakami is Asian, 5 foot 1, and 135 pounds. He was last seen at 4pm in the 1900 block of Ward Street wearing a gray shirt and gray pants. He has early stages of dementia and suffered a stroke two years ago.
Despite playing host to 175,000 visitors per year, Cal has never had a permanent location to welcome guests and prospective students. That changes Sept. 1 with the opening of the Koret Visitor Center at California Memorial Stadium. Hours will be 8:30am–4:30pm Monday–Friday, and 9am–1pm on weekends.
Help with scheduling CS61B for a chemE?
Reneging on a big 4 tech company return internship offer?
Cal Dining introduces Sharia law at Cafè 3.
[FREE EVENTS, 9/1] Mushrooms of the Redwood Coast: Author talk &amp; book signings! Join us in Oakland or Berkeley (or both!) on Thurs, 9/1 for a book talk and author signing! Pick up your copy of one of the best mushroom books coming out this season.
fuck calcentral
Besides my ticket to the game this past Saturday, this was the best purchase of my Sydney trip.
HUUUUUGOOOOOOO
Help with scheduling CS61B for a chemE?
Is it still possible to automatically add classes to your calendar with CalCentral?
Anyone know what is going on with Public Health 116?
After sitting vacant for over a decade, a 12,000-square-foot mansion on three acres in Berkeley, Calif., is again coming on the market. Asking price: $7.5 million. John Park, the founder of Fortiss, a company that runs casinos and card clubs, purchased the property in 2005 for about $6.3 million.
The Berkeley Forum, a student-run organization that hosts prominent speaking events on campus, announced its fall semester lineup. Noah Alper, founder of Noah's Bagels; Sarah Kate Ellis, president and CEO of GLAAD; Amy Ziering, producer of "The Hunting Ground"; and Walt Mossberg, founder of Recode.
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf endorsed Laurie Capitelli in the Berkeley mayoral race last week, joining several East Bay elected officials like the mayors of Berkeley, San Leandro, Albany and Union City who have rallied behind the council member ahead of the November election.
Where can I buy SpaghettiOs?
A majority of UC Berkeley landlines began malfunctioning Sunday at 10:00 a.m., according to the Information Services and Technology service center. Both outgoing and incoming calls have been affected. The problem is ongoing and campus technicians are currently working with AT&amp;T to resolve the issue.
0/300 Math 54 professors: whose lecture should I sign up for?
What's a good way to quickly review/re-learn what I was supposed to learn in Math 54?
Places to make calls/video interviews?
What do berkeley women want?
What's the strangest thing you've seen on campus?
Free Tame Impala Ticket
I've never seen such a negative and unsupportive course staff...
Steve Boggs is the chair of physics at UC Berkeley, a program that has few peers. And yet he's leaving that post to become dean of the Division of Physical Sciences at UC San Diego. Boggs accepted the challenge of improving a sprawling division of chemistry, biochemistry, mathematics and physics.
Haas Pavilion wasn’t even a quarter full Saturday night when Cal volleyball played UC Riverside to determine who would leave the Molten Classic with the best, and only unscathed, record. The Bears finished the match on top, winning five sets against an undermanned Highlanders squad.
A federal judge dismissed a lawsuit filed by the cities of Berkeley, Oakland and San Jose which attempted to hold Monsanto accountable for the cost of reducing PCB contamination. The judge ruled they couldn't prove their property was affected because the contaminated stormwater belongs to the state.
University websites are not shy about their segregated housing opportunities. They include pictures of residents of a single race living on a single floor of a dormitory. Berkeley’s housing website includes a picture of black students with the quote: "I enjoy being around peers who look like me."
Free Tame Impala ticket-9/2 Greek Theater
What is open 24 Hours in Berkeley? (Shops, food, or anything else.)
Frat housing
Any soccer players want to join an IM futsal team?
Looking for an upper division Math tutor in the Berkeley area. Any suggestions?
Male actor, part time model seeking smart sexy woman to hang out with
Physics 7A Access Code
Wright Institute Professor and Director of Berkeley CBT clinic launches new low fee clinic for trauma survivors.
Transferring question... credit limits.
Will I get bad grades for being a conservative?
Study spots around campus?
Textbook Repository?
Anyone know where to find the Berkeley custom edition of the Math 54 text?
Orchestra workload
Best barber shops in town?
What the fuck do I do?
Cal beats Hawaii 51-31 in Sydney
Spanish 25 Difficulty?
Trigger Warning at ANZ Stadium
Monique Lupu: My boyfriend was charming, hilarious and fun when he wasn't belittling me in front of our friends or breaking up with me only to then plead I take him back. I needed serious time to myself, so I took a yearlong dating sabbatical. I had been in serious relationships from 15 to 22."
Berkeley City Council unanimously approved a new law Friday that will see the city's minimum wage increase to $15 on October 1, 2018. It will make Berkeley one of the country's first jurisdictions to reach a $15/hr minimum wage. Mayor Tom Bates: "Even the living wage is hard to live on" in Berkeley.
Chalk graffiti allegedly supporting the "straight liberation movement" and advocating a "straight-only safe space" appeared on parts of Telegraph Avenue and Sproul Plaza this week. It included phrases such as "stop looking gay" and "straight liberation movement." UCPD has identified a suspect.
The underused courtyard at Cory Hall may see renewed life after a bubble tea cafe, Tea 1, opened on the 2nd floor. The EECS department hopes the cafe will revitalize the courtyard. The cafe room's retrofitting was paid for with private funds raised by former EECS department chair Tsu-Jae King Liu.
Best way to get energy?
I'm lost trying to navigate the million damn libraries here
Is it still Pac-12 After Dark if it'll be noon in Australia?
Chem 1A Atkins Textbook PDF PSA
Game day in Sydney...GO BEARS!!!
Community college transfer?
Where would I be able to find a math tutor for Upper Division Math classes?
Equipment at RSF
Where to print papers on campus?
Seeking a Film and Media Studies student for coffee chat
Best Internet Service Provider (pls, no Comcast)?
Interning for Berkeley city government?
Do clubs require you to be a student?
What do Applied Math majors with a cluster in Mech. Engineering do after graduation?
Christos Papadimitriou on EECS budget: "Mr Mogulof says the issue is complicated. It can be solved this semester by an increase in the budget that equals the cost of the Chancellor's fence ... or for the salaries of three of the 700 recently hired highly-paid non-teaching administrative employees."
CBCB, at 3033 Shattuck Ave., is a popular Berkeley medical cannabis dispensary. Supporters praise it. Dispensary employees make an earnest attempt to monitor the immediate vicinity of the operation. But the occasionally loud and frenetic activity outside its doors has riled some in the neighborhood.
Teamsters Local 2010 staged a protest in front of California Hall Wednesday demanding living wages. They were skeptical of UC's ability to provide sufficient retirement income for new UC employees because it relied on a 401(k)-style contribution rather than a guaranteed level of retirement income.
Growth of CS 61A
How to log onto library computers to print? (calnetID not working)
I'm fucking dying inside
When Café 3 reopened, Cal Dining unveiled a new menu and food station designed to accommodate Kosher, halal and vegetarian diets. It features an increased ratio of plant-based foods to animal products, which impacts Muslim students with halal diets. Café 3 will no longer serve pork or shellfish.
Who here enjoys math rock?
The estimated $3 billion Berkeley Global Campus project the campus had been working toward since 2014 will be suspended indefinitely in light of UC Berkeley's budget deficit. "We realized we had a great idea but weren’t sure how we were going to get the funding," Nicholas Dirks said at the meeting.
Whats a great seminar/decal to take for 1/2 units?
Parking overnight for visitors?
A UC Berkeley 1st year MS Engineering student claims that he or she must spend an extra $15k due to having a class canceled. Which MS program and class is this? What are this student's options? I am not this student by the way.
Best library on campus to read/ study?
What are some good Mech Eng clubs/activities to participate on campus?
New BeastMode Cal gear brought to you by Marshawn Lynch will be available at the Cal Student Store this season. Get it while it lasts.
Quick Decal Question
Spanish 25 Difficulty?
Public bike pumps?
Economics
Safe spaces on campus?
Do Instructors Provide Add-Codes to add Full Courses?
What should I make sure to highlight in my Personal Insight Essays?
Chances at UC Berkeley transfer
Good clubs to join on campus?
U. of C. tells incoming freshmen it does not support 'trigger warnings' or 'safe spaces'
Everything I attempt to join, I get rejected from. Advice for someone kind of lost?
Where to find students to hire?
wHat D0eS iT mEAn t0 bE hARaMbe
Is anyone looking to switch sections for Econ 1?
So is BearFacts obsolete? :(
Math 1B Textbook: Calculus: Early Transcendentals
Three technicals? Your advice is appreciated!
EECS professors worry that hundreds of students will not find seats. The Temporary Academic Support budget funding GSIs decreased this year by 33%. Satish Rao: "Faculty are really, really appalled. They really want to teach these students and are being denied over really small sums of money."
BPD reported that on Wednesday, August 24, 2016 at 1:50 a.m. two males with handguns robbed a victim of a cell phone at the intersection of Blake and Dana. Suspects: two black males, each 25 years of age, 6’00” in height, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt with the hood up and black jeans.
The Pacific School of Religion is constructing 265 apartments for seniors on Holy Hill in Berkeley. It would be the first facility of its kind in Berkeley, and one that is sorely needed. Many Cal professors move out of Berkeley after they retire because there are no senior centers to move into.
UCPD officers arrested Duane Hooper, 25, Wednesday on suspicion of a burglary at Unit 3. Campus staff reported the suspect after they saw him walking through multiple buildings in Unit 3. He fled on foot to a nearby apartment complex on the 2400 block of Durant Avenue, where he was apprehended.
Three technicals?; your advice is highly appreciated.
There any Pho places open after 10pm or midnight?
How not to lock your bike on campus
So you know how you need 6 units for financial aid. So it's already been paid out. What happens if you go under 6 units? Do they check and take the money back from you?
AC Bus Pass?
The City of Berkeley is Looking For The Deputy Director of Rent Stabilization Program on Craigslist.
Got CalCentral-fucked. What to do?
How to declare English major?
CS61A in Zellerbach Hall
Laptops prohibited from classes?
Running Groups in East Bay?
Discussion. How was your first day?
[#6][Back to School Edition] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Drinking sink water in Wada?
Me eating at Foothill
Why does this show up when I click "Search Schedule of Classes" on schedule.berkeley.edu?
Former Cal Kicker Jordan Kay Scores With Invention
WorldGaming exec names Berkeley as one of the top teams in collegiate e-sports (@20:49)
Waitlist Spot Being Pushed Back?
WTH is this??
Berkeley's attempt to limit commercial development of the Main Post Office by passing the Civic Center Overlay in September 2014 violates the supremacy clause of the United States Constitution and should be overturned, a lawsuit filed in federal court Monday by the U.S. Postal Service declares.
The newly reopened Bowles Hall, which underwent a $42 million, alumni-financed restoration, costs $19,000/year for room and board, $4,300 more than the average on-campus student. An old tradition: Residents returning home from final exams could expect to be soaked by a paper bag filled with water.
Bruce Wayne Leslie, 65, was on probation and had "an extensive history of robberies" when he arrested earlier this month for threatening to have a gun when he robbed a Berkeley art supply shop clerk. The earliest case involving him took place April 22, 1985, which resulted in 10 robbery convictions.
Lost housing, freaking out, what do i do?!?!
What is the best bicycle repair shop in Berkeley?
Writing an op-ed for The Daily Californian?
Cafe 3 New Hires?
Is it too late to enroll in classes?
Taylor Follett: "From the fellow student who told me that if I was stupid enough to be majoring in English then I was too stupid to be at UC Berkeley to the one who asked why I had so much studying if I was “just an English major,” everywhere I turn someone is ready to put the humanities down."
Berkeley sees a big drop in soda consumption after penny-per-ounce ‘soda tax’
What are some good ways for a nerdy introvert like myself to meet some cool people here?
Adding classes to google calendar.
Attending Discussion Tomorrow?
Do I have any chance of getting in as a transfer with my GPA? (3.56)
Do I have a chance of getting in as a transfer with my GPA? (3.56)
Do I even have a chance of getting in as a transfer with my GPA? (3.56)
For those whose fin aid dispersed late, about how long did it take between aid being shown as accepted and actually dispersing. Will go to office tomorrow when I'm actually in Berkeley because they refuse to answer phone calls. Thanks
Check Out This Free App I Made to Help You Find Your Way on Campus!
How to connect a printer to airbears in the dorms?
Looking for a missing "friend" who goes on here a lot. I started a GoFundMe campaign for you!!
Have you seen these bros, bruh? Four mid/upper-classmen-who-think-they-own-the-place vandalize and steal from Doe Library.
20 Beds - Huge, Beautiful House Near UC Berkeley, Awesome Neighborhood
So my financial aid just showed up on calcentral and I have Berkeley grant and pell grant. The 15000 combined for the two is shown as accepted but not dispersed. This means that I am receiving this money but it hasn't paid out yet but it will 100%. Just want to make sure. Thanks. :)
Roommate won't stop humping his laptop
Future, present and past Cal swimmers hauled in 19 medals, including eight golds, in Olympics swimming. They broke world records and continued their dominance in the 100 backstroke. In all, Cal athletes took home 21 medals from the Rio Games, including volleyball and rowing bronze medals.
Cal Smart Wallet is a virtual marketplace by Berkeley Rec Sports created as a supplement to Caltopia. It is available to students and anyone with an @berkeley.edu email address. Currently, Cal Smart Wallet includes: $10 off a $30 purchase at Andronico's and 40% off Under Armour athletic wear.
Future, present and past Cal swimmers hauled in 19 medals, including eight golds, in the swimming competition at the Olympics. They broke world records and continued their dominance in the 100 backstroke. In all, Cal athletes took home 21 medals from the Rio Games.
Despite several major campus leadership position not yet permanently filled, Chancellor Dirks announced the administration will not begin filling in these positions—those decisions will be left to his successor. The new chancellor will be approved by the March 15-16 Board of Regents meeting in 2017.
Telegraph Avenue merchants see recent changes on Telegraph Avenue as mostly positive. Shopkeepers complained about the chronic homelessness and the people with mental-health issues who gravitate to the neighborhood. People's Park remains People's Park. Regardless, Telegraph has visibly changed.
A man who tried to rob a woman in Berkeley, after they arranged online to meet in a downtown parking garage, pepper-sprayed her Sunday before fleeing the scene. UCPD said the attempted robbery took place at 1:30 p.m. between Bonita Avenue and Milvia Street. The building also houses UC Extension.
How rare/hard is it to get a 4.0 here?
Pushed back on waitlist
Financial Aid Phuckery
Where is Haas Faculty Wing located on campus????
Proof necessary for new immunization reqs if I'm graduating this semester?
Proof necessary for new immunization reqs if I'm graduating this semester?
UC Berkeley to have Professors Nervous About the System, non-stop Crime, and Dirty Bedrooms Since we are Liberal
Cal Football 2016 Pump Up: Rogue
Waitlisted for a class? My friend and I made a website that helps students find substitutes for full classes
Advice for first year undergraduate engineers
Waitlist--How does it work?
Have the cardio machines at the Memorial Stadium gym been replaced too?
Sydney football game
The Cal football team arrived in Australia for the Hawaii game...along with Marshawn Lynch!
Is UGBA10 textbook mandatory? If so, where can I get it cheap?
Filed Fafsa late and blue/gold opportunity plan is only available for first four years. No loan options showing up from Fafsa. So does anyone know other locations from which I can secure $8000 loan to pay for this semester which would be my last at school. Thank you. Please help.
I found this around the community pages on Facebook. Someone finally put up a page denouncing BAMN's abuses at Cal and on other campuses.
Class schedule sync with bCal on CalCentral?
Two longtime local staples — vegan restaurant Herbivore and candy store Michelle's Yogurt and Sweets — have closed in Berkeley. After 10 years of business, Downtown Berkeley's Herbivore announced its closure in a post on the business’ Facebook page Thursday.
BPD responded to robbery at the intersection of Fulton Street and Stuart Street about 12:23 a.m. Saturday. The three victims were robbed by three individuals — one of whom was carrying a gun. BPD arrested one suspect. The two other suspects remain at large, and are described only as two Black men.
Why are there so many spiders?!
Which library is best for bringing a laptop?
What were the best Caltopia giveaways?
best place to buy tech stuff and question about asuc amazon?
C8 + CS88 advice
Anyone know the final medal count for Cal olympians?
Ping pong/table tennis at Cal?
Any media studies majors?
A few textbooks and a TI-89 Titanium for sale
Hello, not sure if this is the right place to ask but, umm do I have a chance of getting in?
Sydney Berkeley NFL Game
Easy engineering class that can be taken for a letter grade?
I found this page on Facebook. An Anti-BAMN page.
Can I take South Asian C128?
How to handle 4 CS upperdivs?
Can you guys give me any advice for applying to UC-Berkeley?
Berkeley Extension (Online Class)- Intro to Stats
Is CS61A really better?
Best places to eat/use meal points?
How exactly do you take a shower in the dorms?
Which bars in Berkeley will be showing UFC 202 tonight?
A Buzzfeed video was shot in Berkeley featuring Olympic swimmer ('04-'12) Natalie Coughlin vs. random dude
Welcome to Cal! Interested in 3D printing, laser cutting and making stuff? All day trainings will be held at Jacobs Hall on Monday and Tuesday August 22/23rd. Jacobs Hall is UC Berkeley's new 24,000 sq. ft maker space opened last August (behind Soda Hall).
Berkeley College of Letters &amp; Science vs. College of Chemistry
ATMs on campus?
How do payment plans work?
Loan Textbooks from library?
Parking near Berkeley City College.
100 students and activists gathered on Sproul Plaza Friday to protest Cal's new cancel for nonpayment policy, alleging it disproportionately targets marginalized communities. Student activist Rolando Gutierrez: "(This policy was designed) to weed out those with the strongest incentive to speak out."
The Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union building, a popular student study area and home to dozens of student organizations, was partially closed after bed bugs were discovered Tuesday. The pests were found in a seating cushion on the second floor and likely originated from a visitor.
A floating classroom for students: The Berkeley Lab and UC Berkeley scientists aboard the Oceanus are perfecting seaworthy robots that can send back valuable information about carbon in the ocean and climate change. The course is taught by Jim Bishop, the Berkeley professor leading the Oceanus team.
Berkeley had its first homicide of the year early Friday after a man, 22, was shot and critically injured just before midnight near San Pablo Park. Berkeley Police Sgt. Andrew Frankel said shortly before 4:30 a.m. that the man was later pronounced dead at Highland Hospital.
Permanent RV Parking Spot Wanted within Biking Distance
What the hell is that annoying alarm that is always going off south of the campus?
Learning to Fail; as a new undergraduate this op-ed scares me. S
Does anyone know when open houses are for labs in the Chem department?
Extracurriculars and transferring
Advice for CS 188?
Does UC Berkeley still operate bicycle parking in parking garages?
Berkeley Police DUI checkpoint tonight (Cedar @ San Pablo). If you party use Uber/Lyft. The Alameda County Jail will harsh your Friday mellow.
Status of sonic.net fiber in Berkeley
I have a dropbox full of common uc berkeley textbook pdfs and ebooks if anyone wants them
Help from Berkeley Ents?
[discussion] what is the dankest berkeley-related meme you have?
What is the deadline to pay tuition (in full)?
Hottest Girls Looking For Sex Adventures Tonight At This Site (check img description)
Psych 10/101 1st Lecture
Swapping math 1a with 16a
CS GPA for Declaring
Housing Search Advice
Housing Search Advice
Brandon Chuang was an ambitious research assistant investigating schizophrenia treatments in 2012 when he began to suspect friends and colleagues of hacking his Facebook account. Schizophrenia had taken hold of him. Now recovered he's starting a Ph.D. program in clinical psychology at Cal next week.
Study: Berkeley, UC startups vital to California's economy. Counting back to 1968, the campus has spawned 260 startups, 99 of which were still active as of June 2015. About half of the active startups are in the information technology field. Cal and UCSD lead all 10 UC campuses in startup activity.
California voters oppose an effort 55.1% to 44.9% to abolish the death penalty and strongly support a measure that'd streamline procedures in capital cases according to a new poll by Cal's Institute of Governmental Studies. Since they conflict, if both pass, the measure with more votes takes effect.
A UCPD officer in 2015 sent a racially charged email with an image that had been circulating online to UCPD Chief Margo Bennett who reprimanded the officer. It had a forwarded picture of a Black man holding a sign: "No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store."
Help! Transfer to Berkeley arriving Saturday, but still no place to live.
CS61B Class Expansion
Anyone up here watch MotoGP?
Financial aid hasn't been disbursed; should I freak out?
Best way to commute from El Sobrante?
Does anyone know why the Student Center is closed?
Filling Prescriptions with SHIP outside TANG?
How do you stand Cal Student Central?
Tuition Fee Due Before Financial Aid Disbursement?
econ 100a textbook
8 months ago the Afrikan Black Coalition convinced the Univ of California to dump $30 million in for-profit prison stock (CXW/GEO) by arguing that it profited from over-criminalization of minorities. Today those stocks are imploding from the Justice Dept's news they are ending use of private prisons
Gyms near campus
"No advisors meet your selection criteria. Please try changing the Category, Reason, Duration or Type to search for available advisors and meeting times."
Anybody interested in catching UFC 202?
Thank you DeCal Program
Berkeley wine shop owner pleads guilty to Ponzi scheme, defrauding customers out of millions
Social Science majors and the CS 61 series
I have permanently banned /u/UCBerkeleyThrowAway even though they did not explicitly break any rules. I will now permanently ban whoever I deem might be trolling excessively. And don't worry, you can still shitpost memes.
Concerning "Partially Paid" Cal Grant A
Chem 1a Berkeley
Herbivore restaurant closed?
The difference between what teachers and comparable public workers earn is bigger than ever, according to Cal labor economist Sylvia Allegretto's study. The researchers call the gap a "public school teacher weekly wage penalty," and tracking it from 1979 to 2015, it grew from -5.6% to -17.0%.
Former Cal chancellor and current physics professor Robert Birgeneau, who himself faced backlash during his tenure: The chancellor's multiple responsibilities—compounded by outside pressure from UC Board of Regents, UC president, professors, union leaders and politicians—make the job "impossible."
UC Berkeley students became eligible for expanded health care benefits Monday. This year begins a new contract with Anthem Blue Cross. Students gain access to a wider variety of in-network providers, increased coverage for dental and vision and new coverage for some transgender-related surgeries.
As Cal began to eliminate hundreds of jobs and take millions in loans to balance its flagging budget, it paid over $200,000 to "improve chancellor [Nicholas Dirk]'s strategic profile nationally and internationally" like TED talks, World Economic Forum in Switzerland, and "elite media opportunities."
Living in Emeryville as a student?
best place to buy clothes?
Berkeley CS Career Fair List
International Students F*** Western Union and their fee rates here is the Wire Transfer Payment Information to make payments towards CalCentral Balance -Sincerley a fellow disgruntled International Student
CS GPA
East Bay VR meetup w/PHIL TIPPETT! 8/25 7-10pm
East Bay VR meetup w/PHIL TIPPET! 8/25 7-10pm
How do I add myself to the degree list?
As a 5th year senior on degree list, do you need to have already taken more than 120 units to be eligible to take fewer than 13 units this semester. I have 116. Need only one more class as well. Will meet with advisor tomorrow. Wanted an idea
How to see waitlist spot for discussion
URAP opportunities for python / stata / big-data enthusiasts
Does it matter if an iClicker is already connected to my bCourses?
Hottest Girls Looking For Sex Adventures Tonight At This Site (check img description)
Media Studies department changing/restructuring?
Can anybody recommend an Asian bakery next to (near) campus?
63.5% of California voters support Proposition 55, a November ballot measure that would extend higher temporary income taxes on people earning more than $250,000 a year, according to a new poll released today by the Institute of Governmental Studies at UC Berkeley.
Bonita Fish Market, known for its Bay Area-sourced fish and friendly service, has closed its doors after three years of business in Downtown Berkeley. McKinley Baker of Berkeley: "After talking to one of the owners, he mentioned that rents are fairly high in the area, and that's a prime location."
Risks of climate change: a study led by Cal public health professor Kirk Smith suggests that by 2085 most major cities around the world would be so hot and humid that athletes would risk heat illness. Just three North American cities SF, Calgary and Vancouver would be suitable to host the Olympics.
The deadline for Cal's new cancel for nonpayment policy will be extended after ASUC and the campus reached an agreement Tuesday, according to multiple student body government people. Sources in ASUC said students now have until Aug. 30 to pay 20% of their tuition without enrollment being canceled.
EFT Refunds
how long will uc berkeley retain it's position as the #1 public university?
How to defeat ISIS (and why it probably wonât happen) • The Berkeley Blog
oakland to unit 2
Taking Classes at Night? Safe?
Cal Grant hasn't been disbursed?
Question regarding Organizations/Clubs
Tax Filing Status Update Task?
Could any student from Spain help me out?
How do the university (on-campus) apartments compare to the residence halls?
Moving, need to sell this guitar by tomorrow. $50 if you want it. I live near the University. Pics inside.
Question regarding early cancellation policy as well as other fees.
Chancellor Dirks to resign after end of this academic school year
Anyone know what the drop rate is for Econ 1?
CS61B Waitlist Chances
Will pay for driving lessons
What does this mean about my financial aid?
Becoming a cook at co-ops - any suggestions?
Got offered "New Sequoia Double Room in a Shared 2-bedroom Apartment"; should I switch from my unit 2 room in Towle Hall (have just one roommate) and accept their offer?
Anyone know what the Financial Aid Office's help line is? I can't find it on CalCentral or the Financial Aid website.
Just fyi to any bikers in Berkeley, Mike's Bikes has a huge sale through the 21st!!
Where fill summer 2016 grades be posted. No option for last term on bear facts.
EECS Homepage Redesigned
CalCentral help! I hate this damn system.
approval for community college classes?
Ashley Judd Is Getting a PhD at UC Berkeley -- The Cut
UC Berkeley has moved up to 3rd place in the Shanghai Jiao Tong 2016 Academic Ranking of World Universities. The ranking looks at 500 universities around the world, assessing their strength according to six indicators, including their numbers of award-winning staff and alumni.
William Morrow: "As ASUC president, I intend to make a good-faith effort to deconstruct the barricades of separation that limit our capacity to respond dynamically to changing circumstances. Collaboration is a two-way street, and it requires traditionally antagonistic stakeholders to work together."
Following the Olympics, Missy Franklin will be returning to Cal to finish up her degree and continue to train. Franklin confirmed the news on Good Morning America Monday: "I'm heading back to Cal-Berkeley, and I'm so excited about it. There's so much I'm looking forward to getting back to there."
Three young Berkeley High School graduates have lost their lives in Oakland this past week due to gun violence. Two of the victims were Terrence McCrary Jr., 22, and Craig Fletcher, 20. They were killed early Sunday morning while attending a birthday party at an art gallery in downtown Oakland.
Any advice for shooting to graduate with a 3.8?
Anyone been to to Wat Mongkolratanaram for brunch on Sundays?
Is there anyway to distingush between your overal GPA with your major GPA?
Need to stay organized ...
UC Berkeley plans to construct hotel on University Avenue and Oxford Street
Did anyone else get a reduction in their Financial Aid?
Math 1A / 1B Exam Help
Cal Grants question
The financial aid office isn't accepting calls.
[Seeking] College students for focus groups, taste tests, shop-alongs, etc. (Make up to $300 participating in opinion research)
Watched Bedtime Stories with my lil bros and noticed Sandler rocking this shirt
Your Class Pass/EasyPass is now a Cipper Card
Memorial Stadium revised bag policy rules - only clear bags or very small purses are allowed now.
Advice for Chem 1A?
Can you fill a prescription from an out of state doctor in CA
Can you fill a prescription from an out of state doctor I'm CA
Fall semester courseload help!
Rhetoric Courses?
Rhetoric Classes? How Are They?
Where's the Financial Aid?
Carli Lloyd is a backup setter on the US women's volleyball team. She was 4 when her father committed suicide. Her uncle, American Gladiators' Galen "Turbo" Tomlinson, is the only father figure she's ever known. She attended Cal, helping the Bears to the best four-year stretch in their history.
Cal cold-case killing of Grace Asuncion is solved. Pilipino American Alliance awards a scholarship in her memory. Near Eshleman—the building where she died—a tree was planted in her honor. Friends added a bench with plaque: "An intelligent, vibrant, committed student who will always be remembered."
Cal Bears Ryan Murphy and Nathan Adrian Reflect on Rio Adventure. Alum Nathan Adrian added four gold medals to his collection. Murphy will head back to school on August 22, when UC Berkeley kicks off its Fall Semester, and complete his remaining 29 units for his degree in business administration.
2 BHS grads killed in separate Oakland shootings: A 2011 Berkeley High graduate, Terrence Mack, was shot and killed Sunday morning during an altercation at a birthday party, one of two Berkeley High School grads killed in Oakland this week. Another man also died in Sunday’s shooting.
Canceling SHIP and FINAID Questions
Ultimate Frisbee in Berkeley
Should I take cs61b with Hilfinger this fall?
Should I take 61b with Hilfinger this fall?
The grandson of Muhammad Ali just committed to play football for Cal. Meet Biaggio Ali Walsh
Cal athletes have won seven event gold medals in Rio, which would tie them for fifth with Japan
How to wire transfer from a non-USA Bank?
I'm attending a class/program that has bootcamp from August 15-19. Dorms won't let me move in until August 20. Any good tips on where I can sleep?
Gift Aid
Stat 135 w/o 134
Michael Phelps earns 23rd gold medal in 4x100 medley thanks to two Cal swimmers: Ryan Murphy (who set 100 m backstroke world record) and Nathan Adrian (who ran anchor leg). Tom Shields also earns gold for prelim race.
What do you guys do for fun when you cant afford to eat or drink out?
Former Cal and NFL running back Jahvid Best made the Olympics for Saint Lucia in the 100m sprint. Best was two lanes away from Usain Bolt. Best finished his 100 meters in 10.39, just 0.32 seconds behind Bolt. Best finished seventh of nine runners in the heat and won't qualify for the semifinals.
Kathleen Baker added a gold medal to the silver she already earned Saturday. Baker, 19, swam the backstroke – the first leg of the 4x100 individual medley relay. She plans to fly home on Aug. 16 and then spend most of the next week in North Carolina before returning to Cal for her sophomore year.
Cal alum Anthony Ervin defies age with gold at 35. He became the oldest swimmer in Olympic history to win a gold medal by touching first in the 50-meter freestyle in which he tied for gold during the 2000 Olympics. He was just 19 then. His finish was 0.01 seconds ahead of France’s Florent Manadou.
Cal grad Anthony Ervin defies age with gold at 35. He became the oldest swimmer in Olympic history to win a gold medal by touching first in the 50-meter freestyle in which he tied for gold during the 2000 Olympics. He was just 19 then. His finish was 0.01 seconds ahead of France’s Florent Manadou.
Cal grad Anthony Ervin defies age with gold at 35, becoming the oldest swimmer in Olympic history to win a gold medal by touching first in the 50-meter freestyle, which he tied for gold during the 2000 Olympics. He was just 19 then. His finish was 0.01 seconds ahead of France’s Florent Manadou.
Should I bring pepper spray?
Has anyone here taken Music 40?
Is it feasible to take CS186, 188, 61C together in the fall with Music137AC?
Working out on campus?
Advice for CS70?
Classrooms open late during summer? Weekends and weekdays
What do you guys do for fun when you cant afford to eat or drink out?
Recommendations for local dance clubs/bars with dancing and good music?
Financial Aid Questions: Gift Aid and SAP Appeal
ORMS advice
Two week sublet/spare room?
Berkeley rare wine store owner pleads guilty in Ponzi scheme
Gift aid went down after paying fees?
A few questions for political economy majors or people familiar with the program
What can y'all tell me about Stat 20 or Econ 100A? Dewey eyed fresh transfer here ready to join the soul crushing:) (joking..)
which bunk do you think is the best in a Triple dorm room?
Can I sue my landlord for a super evil horrible flea infestation?! (Berkeley)
Ex-Cal swim star and 12-time medalist Natalie Coughlin, 33, is enjoying the Rio Games away from pool. She is missing her first Games since 2004 after failing to qualify for the Rio Games. She is doing a nightly program with NBC Bay Area to cover the Games and texting her training partners regularly.
Around 1 p.m., police responded to the 2000 block of Allston Way, near Milvia Street, for a report of a purse snatch that had just taken place. Officers were able to follow the purse using the signal of an iPhone inside. They found the purse in a trash can nearby.
After a 40 year career in public higher education, the last 10 here at Berkeley, Jeannine Raymond will retire as assistant vice chancellor for HR after Dec. 31. Last fall, she started the Cal Nourish program that raised over $10,000 from staff for needy Berkeley students during curtailment.
In 2009, a group of UC Berkeley students formed the organization K to College to get school supplies to low-income children. The organization gave out 300 school supply kits that year. By 2010, the group gave away 10,000 kits. It will host a give away after Berkeley schools start in late August.
Got a job at the law library recently 10-15 hours a week - first semester at cal - doable?
Stat 135 w/o stat 134
Stat 135 w/o stat 134
UC Berkeley student featured in Total Frat Move's "Babe of the Day"
EPS Majors
EPS Majors
Hey ex-undergrads, is there an end to advisor's spam via email?
Greek Theater Seating
EPS Majors
UC Berkeley Chancellor Installs Escape Hatch In Case of Student Protest
Calc Review for Econ 1 / Stats 134
Which wifi providers do you guys use?
Financial aid disbursement
Does Financial Aid cover SHIP?
Cal swimmer (and UC Berkeley senior) Ryan Murphy with the backstroke sweep! 100 meter and 200 meter gold in Rio
A deer leapt into the King Middle School swimming pool Thursday morning, narrowly avoiding landing on young children, around 3-6 years old, taking a swimming lesson. Lifeguards used a lifejacket and a floater as buffers, they steered the animal to the shallow end. The fawn ran away.
Cal swimmers Ryan Murphy and Jacob Pebley have advanced to the 200m backstroke semifinal. The two are training partners at Berkeley, and they raced to third and fourth place respectively, a quarter of a second apart in their swim times. Both are at their first Olympics.
Aug. 10 at 4:45 p.m. at University Village playground: A male juvenile brandished a toy weapon as he approached mother with her toddler and demanded money and her cellphone. He reached for the toddler as if to facilitate her search for money to give him, and she fled with her child.
Missy Franklin is done with what she termed a "disappointing" Olympics. She failed to qualify for the 200 freestyle and 200 back finals; she swam in the 4x200 free relay in its preliminary heat, not the final. She won one medal, gold from the relay, but she only got it because she swam in prelims.
Ryan Murphy has won gold in the 200m and 100m backstroke.
Free Tickets to a Friday Night Film @ Shattuck Cinema Gleason: The hit documentary from the 2016 Sundance Film Festival
Berkeley PokemonGo Twitter Account
UC Berkeley to build 10-story hotel at University, Oxford
CPS 5 Star Cars fliers?
Nixle Crime Alert - Robberies Related to Pokemon Go
My billing statement says I owe $8060 for the Fall semester. How much of it do I need to pay by the 19th, and how do I only pay that amount?
My billing statement says I owe $8060. How much of this am I supposed to pay now, and how do I only pay that amount?
EPS Majors
Crime Alert - Attempted Robbery from University of California Police Department
I might be homeless by this weekend. Any help?
UC Berkeley Physics student Josh Prenot takes silver in 200m breaststroke; first U.S. medal in the event since 2004
CC Transfer: Need advice on what to do
Anyone know if the Berkeley Method of Entrepreneurship Bootcamp is worth attending?
Meal Plan Point is 0
Proctored exam relative difficulty?
when should you be done with lower division requirements for MCB?
How to get legit laid?
Anyone got picture of the New Sequoia Apartment?
Hug vs Hilfinger CS61B?
Allison David: "The concept of asking a stranger to watch your stuff while you run to the bathroom is very strange. It really says something about humanity—more specifically students at Berkeley—who surprisingly trust each other. We see this strange and extremely illogical code of ethics as sweet."
Elena Stacy on getting a C in stats but correctly teaching concepts to a friend a year later: "It's a shame so much emphasis goes on grades. It encourages learning practices catered toward performing on exams rather than sustaining a long-term understanding of the concept for many years to come."
Howard K. Schachman, an influential biochemist who became a political and scientific activist, challenging not only California's loyalty oath and its mandatory retirement rules, died Aug. 5. A professor of the graduate school in the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology at UC Berkeley, he was 97.
Guitar situation
Cal swimmer Missy Franklin, on break from college to compete in the Rio Olympics, was phenomenal at the 2012 Olympics when she was 17, but this year, she has slipped and may not medal. Many are questioning what could have happened in four years, and the Bleacher Report's Greg Couch blamed the NCAA.
Housing options for transfer students?
Three Recent Robberies Related to Pokémon Go ~Advisory Alert from Berkeley Police Department
Can anyone recommend someplace where I can get my car key remote reprogrammed to my car?
Frat house boarding
Meet the UC Berkeley Swimmer Who's Representing Hong Kong at the Rio Olympics
Where can I find people to join a Berkeley startup?
Instinct, Mystic, or Valor
xpost /r/news: University chancellor uses money set aside for campus safety, to build personal escape hatch
Seeking Tutor to Review ML Concepts [CS189]
Tang Center wants me to get checked for tuberculosis
Recently Opened Resource Center Gives Black Cal Students Hope. Recent Cal grad Blake Simons: "From having the n-word carved in on my dorm wall as a freshman to having professors openly use the n-word. I mean, you could walk throughout the campus a day and not see a single black face."
Cal’s Ryan Murphy won the gold medal in the 100-meter backstroke Monday night. Murphy outpaced an impressive field, finishing in a time of 51.97 to set an Olympic record in the event. Murphy, a Cal senior, was almost a half-second ahead of China's Xu Jiayu, who came in with a time of 52.31.
Two BPD officers were on patrol at a Berkeley homeless encampment near Gilman Street and the Eastshore Highway when they discovered 18 pounds of marijuana inside a tent that smelled strongly. They recovered a switchblade knife, a replica pistol and 25 cans of butane and arrested Michael Nelson, 40.
Alum Humberto Leon and Carol Lim, founders of fashion brand Opening Ceremony, talk about their new collaboration with Calvin Klein, which recalls '90s fashion and benefits The American Foundation for AIDS Research (amfAR). The two met at Berkeley in 1993 so their new line is personally nostalgic.
Think I just failed Chem 1AL
Does anyone have a spare DVD-RW I can use? Flat out broke and need to put a Win7 ISO on a DVD-RW..
Online Training for incoming students - Think About It
Cheap Cleaning
UC Davis chancellor resigns following probe on ethical violations
I created a free Personal Safety App
Question about on-campus housing
The Living Theatre in Berkeley!
MISSING: Cal Grad Roger Soto. Believed heading to Berkeley. Please call LAPD if you see him.
Feeling like I'm never going to get my license?
UC Berkeley enforces unit enrollment limit
Should I bring my desktop?
How do my parents pay through the new billing system?
This is a bit of a silly question, but how can parents accept loans offered on CalCentral?
Eatsa, a small chain eatery that bills itself as "the unprecedented, fully-automated fast food experience", opened this week at 2334 Telegraph Ave., half a block south of the UC Berkeley campus. It was the East Bay debut of Eatsa. It offers quinoa-based salads and other quinoa concoctions.
On Feb. 7, 1992, a custodian found junior premed student Grace Asuncion's body in the fifth-floor office of the Pilipino American Alliance in Eshleman Hall. For over two decades, the stabbing death was unsolved. Police now say they've identified John Iwed of Alameda, dead since 1993, as the killer.
Incoming Cal freshman Abbey Weitzeil won a silver medal in the 400-meter freestyle relay. She swam the second of four legs in 52.56 seconds. Weitzeil graduated from high school in 2015 and deferred her Berkeley admission for a year to train for the Olympics. She'll start school in the fall.
Cal alum Anthony Ervin, the oldest American to qualify for an individual Olympic swimming event since 1904, won a gold medal in the men's 4x100 meter freestyle relay. He swam the anchor leg in 47.65s, outpacing teammates Michael Phelps, Caeleb Dressl, Ryan Held, and Nathan Adrian, also a Cal alum.
All My Classes Dropped
Question about transferring into the school of engineering?
Latin Major Requirements
Cal’s 50 Rio Olympic participants THE MOST OF ANY SCHOOL.
Commuting from 20 minutes away, is it that big of a deal?
Stand-up comedy in Berkeley or SF area?
Still need to fulfill your R&amp;C part A requirement? College of Alameda has a class that only meets on Saturdays (plus online work) and fulfills R&amp;C part A.
A deeper look at Cal's 50 Olympians
Problems with Bmail
Swimmer Anthony Ervin, a Cal graduate, became the oldest American to qualify for an individual Olympic swimming event since 1904 with a 2nd-place finish in the men's 50 freestyle at the Olympic Trials. Today, he helped the US to the 2nd-fastest qualifying time in the men's 400-meter freestyle relay.
On August 4, 2016, Ruberta Weaver celebrated her 100th birthday. Her father was a junior at UC Berkeley when he was married and became the local school principal. She attended Cal as an undergraduate; tuition was only $19 a semester and enrollment was 12,000. She earned a degree in public speaking.
Cal's Kenneth Rosen said the main cause of the current boom is: "Extraordinary job creation," 30,000 to 40,000 jobs per year for the last five years in SF alone. 70% of new leasing and job growth is from the tech sector, and for housing costs to drop, "we'd have to see a correction in that sector."
Simon Park, a recent Cal grad, gave his mother a $1,300 Louis Vuitton purse as he started a management consulting job. His parents are immigrants. When his family ordered pizza, his mother would eat the crusts and leave the rest for her children. "She'd say 'Oh, I'm full.'" But he knew she wasn't.
Commuting 20 minutes away from campus, is it a big deal?
Astro C10
What is the New Alumni section at memorial stadium?
How many of you guys play FPS games on PC?
Do I have to worry about overlapping final times?
Good camping/bike touring destinations near the bay?
Financial Aid and Loan Question
Cal Football Tickets
STAT 134, CS 61A time committment.
Waitlisted for a class. What do I do when the semester starts?
Cal Grants
Losing my Virginity: Hire Hookers?
Do discussion classes have final exams?
Want to Lose Virginity: Hiring Hookers?
Commuting from 20 minutes away as a transfer student, how difficult would it be?
Hiring Hookers to Lose Virginity
The Interstate 80 overpass at Gilman Street in Berkeley has been a hot spot for Berkeley’s homeless in recent years, but this scene is about to change, as city and state officials erect new fences to keep people out. The area is regularly littered with feces, used needles and bottles of urine.
Two children have been born in California with Zika virus-related microcephaly, according to officials, one of them in Alameda County. One of them may have been born at Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Berkeley, according to media reports, although officials will not confirm this.
Less than three months after receiving a liver transplant, Cal volleyball player Savannah Rennie is back in Berkeley. Rennie underwent the transplant May 17 at Indiana University Transplant Center in Indianapolis, where she stayed several months for follow-up care before returning home to San Diego.
On Monday evening, Kuang Li, a campus senior and a former The Daily Californian staffer, was walking alone on the south side of campus when two men in hoodies ran up and surrounded him. Li said one man showed him a handgun and then asked for his wallet, which he handed over.
Olympics: Kanak Jha loses table tennis opener, Lily Zhang advances
Is Cal really an accomplishment? There's like 36,000 of us.
Need help with data backing up - I think my HDD is dead..
Anyone recognizes this Berkeley professor?
Does anyone recognize this Berkeley professor?
Suggestions on places to buy drinks/snacks close to campus after 11 pm?
Any info on the asian frats at cal?
Black Student Union chair Elias Hinit on July 19 signed an agreement with Chancellor Nicholas Dirks to create a resource center for Black students on campus that will open in September. The agreement stipulates the chancellor will designate $82,885 to renovate and furnish the Hearst Field Annex.
Tuition?
Is there a ScheduleBuilder replacement?
Learning to Row?
Will Data Science be webcasted this upcoming semester?
Cal sending 50 Olympians to Rio, most of any university
Chill jobs to get on campus?
Need to buy a plush Pokemon squirtle ASAP. Where can I find/buy one?
UC Berkeley bans off-leash dogs, cites biting incidents
New UC Berkeley undergraduate program to develop innovative tech leaders and entrepreneurs
Volunteering for mentally ill homeless people
Do I need the editions that my classes ask for
Where can I watch the Olympics opening ceremony?
Hey guys, tiny emergency here. I really need housing for the school year.
Department consent required
Stop Slurping Your Noodles
Any easy elective courses remaining?
The 31st Olympic Games officially start in Rio at 4pm PT on Friday with the opening ceremony at the Maracana Stadium. California Golden Blogs: A full list of 51 Calympians: 42 athletes competing and 9 supporting staff along with their competition dates.
In the last six months, mayoral candidate Laurie Capitelli has raised $67,135. That's almost 35% more than one of his strongest rivals and fellow city council member, Jesse Arreguín, who raised $24,858 in that same period for a total raised of $47,326. (Prior to Jan. 1, Arreguín had raised $25,007.)
Grocery Outlet is closing Aug. 20 to make way for 150 housing units. Shoppers who visit the store will find 20% sales in many departments. Morgan Read, of Read Investments, is spearheading the new project. His family also founded the Grocery Outlet chain. The Berkeley store opened in the early 90s.
Police are looking for a man who touched a female student on the UC Berkeley campus "inappropriately" Wednesday. The man, who appeared 50-60 years old, touched the 20-year-old when she was walking through Upper Sproul Plaza at 11:50 a.m. He was described as white, 5 foot 9 and clean shaven.
What's the dress code like for bars in Berkeley?
Olympic Opening Ceremonies?
Davis Webb earns the starting quarterback position
What does it mean when CalCentral says "You don't meet reserve capacity requirements"?
Couple Questions Regarding L&amp;S Requirements
Anyone know if it's possible to run an apple TV on airbears?
Ami on the Street: Berkeley students react to ISIS flag
Transfer Question - Ge course taken p/np?
Famous Bao is a new Chinese restaurant on the Cal campus. Proprietor Francis Sun graduated from Cal ('11 political science and media studies). Sun and his father, Jiankang Sun, are the chefs. Priced at over $3 apiece, the rou jia mo might be the best deal on a menu where no item costs over $10.
After only 10 months of operation on University Avenue (at Acton), Flour &amp; Co. has closed its café as of July 31. The on-site bakery will continue operating at that location. Owner Emily Day: “It was a hard decision to make, but necessary for my business. We simply weren't getting enough traffic."
UC Berkeley among college campuses with the most reported robberies. With an enrollment of 37,565 students, there are 11.979 reported robberies per 10k students.
Cal denies chancellor built an 'escape hatch' to flee student protests. University spokesman Dan Mogulof rejected the criticism of the "escape hatch", calling the phraseology from the Daily Cal "the concoction of a 19-year-old headline writer". It's a door" for "security monitoring", he added.
UC Berkeley denies chancellor built an 'escape hatch' to flee student protests. University spokesman Dan Mogulof rejected the criticism of the "escape hatch", calling the phraseology "the concoction of a 19-year-old headline writer". "It's a door," he added. It was installed for "security concerns".
Anyone else feel a sense of dread for the upcoming semester?
Housing information
Academic Probation
Multiple classes that fulfill same prerequisite for GPA capped major
How to enroll in the Fee Payment Plan?
Need help picking a breadth class
Is it too late to request a housing transfer?
Advice on getting a driving license as an international student, especially the Behind-the-wheel part.
ASL Decal at Berkeley?
Police investigating five overnight robberies at UC Berkeley
Police investigating five overnight robberies at UC Berkeley
Stop Slurping Your Noodles
Moving in to the dorms alone?
From your experience, do employers/hiring managers for internships and jobs care just about GPA, or do they look at how many units you took, and which classes you took?
Conceding Cal "bungled its response" to two instances of sexual assault, U.S. District Judge William Orrick dismissed with leave to amend two civil cases. One case: Sophie Karasek was groped while asleep by a male classmate during a weekend trip to San Diego with Cal Berkeley Democrats Club in 2012.
A new campus policy effective August 1, 2016, requires dogs on campus to be on a leash. It was approved Friday in an update to a 1968 policy. It follows a number of reported incidents of dog-related fights including one where a service dog was threatened by an off-leash dog. Service dogs are exempt.
Under the new course enrollment system CalCentral, there is now a hard cap on enrolling in more than 16 units, which has left some students unable to add their desired classes. The cap policy was originally implemented because students were enrolling in classes they were indecisive about taking.
61B all discussions closed?
How does my first freshman semester look?
There any places within walking or short driving distance from campus that will buy my used clothes?
CS Advisor Powers?
5 pedestrian robberies occurred August 1, 2016 between 10:00pm and 11:45pm near south side. Suspect #1: A Black male, late teens or early 20s, 5’7” in height, with a medium build. Suspect #2: A Black male, late teens or early 20s, 6’0” in height, with a thin build, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt.
Linguistics 5, Any Thoughts?
Classes left
Question about registering for Data Science
Former Cal Football Placekicker/Berkeley Alumni - Launching new patented product with a flip-up feature at #Caltopia2016
When are the "move-in parking" days and what areas does it apply to?
Course or Decal to learn Microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint in Berkeley?
Taking classes after graduation?
Where can I get some free moving boxes near the downtown area?
Advice for unit cap compliance... (Chem E)
Who, other than advisors, can I talk to about waitlisted classes?
Couple Questions for an Incoming Freshman
Anyone take Music 27 before?
Limit for taking breadths at CC?
Saturday Outside Lands
Dorm Room Number?
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: A new campus policy that would require students to dole out 20% of their tuition and fees ahead of classes will disadvantage many students. The consequences are brutal. If a student fails to pay by the Aug. 19 deadline, their class enrollment will be canceled.
Noemi "Mimi" Elias is a rising senior at Cal majoring in social welfare, who hopes to be an immigration lawyer and eventually a pilot. But these plans may be called into question as she struggles to pay her tuition. She started a GoFundMe campaign to raise $3,674 to cover her tuition and fees.
Berkeley Police Department communications manager Monique Frost’s voice crackled over the police radio and signed off Capt. Cynthia F. Harris for the last time Thursday, a day ahead of her official retirement after 41 years of service to BPD. She was the second African American woman to join BPD.
After two UC Berkeley students were killed in separate terror attacks in Bangladesh and France, "relatively few" families have contacted Cal with safety concerns about upcoming study abroad programs. Cal senior Matt Greathouse plans to go ahead with his fall program at a school 15 miles from Nice.
What does Martinez come with?
UPE joining requirements
UPE joining requirements
New Berkeley Undergraduate Program to Develop Innovative Tech Leaders and Entrepreneurs (Berkeley creates Haas and Engineering dual degree program.)
Waitlist conflict (lecture) with an enrolled class (discussion).
tfw you ruin your family name
I have one more semester as a student before I graduate. Which things should I definitely take advantage of before I lose my registered student status?
Math 54 course advice needed
Lessons UC Berkeley teaches us outside the classroom
EBMUD repairs burst pipes in West Berkeley
Housing/theme program question
2 Berkeley men arrested for murder
CS61A waitlist chances
For how long do our enrollment phases last?
Berkeley Ironworks or Bridges Rock Gym?
Crews work to repair water main break in Berkeley
Transferring into UCB from City College?
Can you guys give me some insights?
When Tom McAlister founded the Berkeley Kite Festival more than 30 years ago, it drew 500 people to a 12-acre portion of the Berkeley Marina. Thousands of kites now fly over 90 bayside acres for the event, considered the largest urban kite festival in North America. On Sunday, it drew over 35,000.
Rio 2016 Olympic Calympian: Dana Vollmer, Women's Swimming, USA. The 3rd time Olympian and 4x Olympic Gold medalist will seek her first Olympic medal since becoming a mother last year. She is a Cal alum (Anthropology '10). Years at Cal: 2006 - 2009 (transferred after Freshman year at UF).
Rio 2016 Olympic Calympian: Long Gutierrez, Men's swimming, Mexico. He was born in Mexico City but grew up in Cottonwood, Utah. Long has dual citizenship. He competed in the 2012 U.S. Olympic Swim Trials, but switched to compete for Mexico at the 2013 FINA World Championship in Barcelona.
Rio 2016 Olympic Calympian: Roser Tarrago, Women's water polo, Spain. Despite entering Cal with Olympian experience (and a silver medal from London in 2012 too), Roser "Ru" Tarrago actually felt that the Cal practices are much tougher on a consistent basis than on the Spanish national team.
Help understanding the class capacity?
Philosophy Class Sizes
Can anyone recommend classes without discussions (or where discussion is optional)?
What do you guys do for cheap storage for like 4 months if you are studying abroad?
I have no friends here.
Does anybody have a cheap sublet i can take over?
A note about the new Enrollment system
Gift aid
Because Berkeley and Stanford are both sending so many athletes to the Olympics, shouldn't we be worried about a zika outbreak happening once the fall semester begins?
Because Berkeley and Stanford are both sending soany athletes to the Olympics this year, shouldn't we be worried about a zika outbreak happening once the fall semester begins.
What think you, "peasants?"
Housing/theme program question
Math 54 course advice needed
Bangladesh Terrorist Victims Memorial
Help with SHIP and fin aid
In town for work for a few weeks. Don't know anybody.
How essential is it to take Astro 7A/7B before the Upper Divs?
New SIS seriously compromises education
Quick PSA
How necessary is it for take Sociology 1 before taking one of the UD Sociology courses?
Does CS 195 fulfill any requirements for anything?
The TeleBears Replacement is Not Very Popular
Berkeley updates new policy for dogs/animals on campus property: "Dogs and other animals are now allowed inside UC-owned or UC-leased buildings." Chancellor Dirks hails new chapter in animal-human relations. http://campuspol.berkeley.edu/policies/dogsonproperty.pdf
Berkeley updates new policy for dogs/animals on campus property: "Dogs and other animals are now allowed inside UC-owned or UC-leased buildings." http://campuspol.berkeley.edu/policies/dogsonproperty.pdf
Summer CS61A Grading Curve?
what classes should I take - help a brotha out
CS 8 Data Science: How is the workload in this class?
Berkeley law professors signed a letter objecting to the recall of Judge Aaron Persky over his lenient sentence in the Brock Turner sexual assault case. Berkeley signatories include Professors Daniel Farber, Herma Hill Kay, Christopher Kutz, Jonathan Simon, Charles Weisselberg, and Franklin Zimring.
The Berkeley-based youth outreach program YEAH! was acquired by Covenant House California, combining the two agencies to make the largest shelter for homeless youth in the East Bay. The agency is moving from being a seasonal shelter to a year-round provider of beds and services for homeless youth.
A Bay Area water taxi business is looking to expand by offering commuters service from Berkeley to San Francisco. Tideline Marine Group President Nathan Nayman envisions a private commuter service, the same way tech companies currently operate buses. Two ships carry 43 passengers; a catamaran 22.
Last weekend, an emergency exit was built near Nicholas Dirks' office as a security measure. The $9,000 door is outside a short hallway between his conference room and his office in California Hall. Construction was requested in response to a protest in April 2015 when protesters stormed his suite.
EE16A Enrollment by Permission Only
[discussion] what is the hardest course you've taken at berkeley
S Permit parking
New payment system
Sprint at UC Berkeley
Sprint at UC Berkeley
Carl Jones, 58, a convicted sex offender who left "disturbing" notes for a Berkeley woman he met through Alcoholics Anonymous, will enter a plea after being charged with stalking. According to the Megan’s Law database he had been in violation of his sex offender registration requirements since 2013.
Hillary and Bill Clinton spent a summer in Berkeley in 1971. Hillary was to be a clerk at Treuhaft, Walker and Burnstein, an Oakland law firm. Rather than go their separate ways, Bill gave up a chance to work on George McGovern's presidential campaign to stay with Hillary at a Derby Street house.
Any updates on cafe Intermezzo reopening?
The Berkeley City Council has agreed to give a developer a $13 million break on fees for a downtown hotel project, warning that it might not be viable otherwise. Center Street Partners LLC has a use permit to build a 16-story tower on the northeast corner of Shattuck Avenue and Center Street.
The Asian-American population's growth in the U.S. is far exceeding that of any other demographic group, says Cal political science professor Taeku Lee. Not only are their percentage of voters climbing, but they're increasingly Democrats as well, especially in battleground states.
Is it possible for me to audit a course at UC Berkeley even if I'm not an enrolled student?
Berkeley City Council likely to give Amoeba Records medical marijuana dispensary license
Why are we sending our swim team there again?
Why are we sending our athletes there again?
How does CalCentral determine Phase I/II dates/times?
Do you know the Berkeley mochi muffin man?
Looking for housing near campus [Fall only]
Sprint reception at UC Berkeley
Cops and fire brigades driving up durant 10 minutes ago, anyone knows what's up?
Elena Stacy: "Your life isn't necessarily about a 4.0 GPA, it's not about landing a job at Google, it's not about a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. It's about the smile on your face as you run there, fall down, lay in a pile of grass or forget what you were even chasing in the first place."
Providing Immunization Records
Ann O’Leary, Maya Harris and Mini Timmaraju are a veteran policy advisor, a civil libertarian and social justice warrior who ran a law school at 29, and an advocate who is braced for battle over issues such as abortion. The three Berkeley alumnae hold senior posts on the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Two Berkeley police officers helped save the life of an infant who stopped breathing earlier. When officers got to the home, no one would answer the locked front door. So Officer Ken Tu jumped the back fence to get into the house through the rear. The baby wasn’t breathing, so Tu began CPR.
A UC Berkeley-led research team will search for causes of leukemia — the most common cancer in children — with a new, four-year, $6 million grant from the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
What is a "must take before leaving Berkeley" class you've taken?
Questions about the Cognitive Science major? (Advice from CS majors helpful too!)
Classes to boost a science (BPCM) GPA for med school?
Guy Fieri Announces 2016 Presidential Bid
Where do i find chicken tendies in berkeley
How do I read this? Waitlist / Reserve Caps
Three weeks in, which team has the most Pokémon Go gyms in Berkeley?
Question about enrollment
Incoming transfer who done goofed this summer... I've heard of people getting disinvited for bad grades after their transfer application is accepted. Is there any truth to this, and if there is what can I do? [MATH-54 equivalency / L&amp;S CS]
Political Science 112B: History of Political Theory
Alumna Annie Mumolo is profiled by Vanity Fair for her work as a screenwriter with credits that include Bridesmaids, NBC's About a Boy, Transparent, and the forthcoming Bad Moms. She majored in history at Berkeley. Bridesmaids crushed the box office and earned its writers an Oscar nomination.
Craigslist ad leads to discovery of world-class art collection in Berkeley. Justin Cronkite arrived at an Elmwood home last year to check out a dresser he had seen on Craigslist and found coated in decades' worth of dust a stunning collection of paintings by Sylvia Ludins, who died in 1965.
Double Major with Science and CS Major Useful?
Berkeley police have arrested five people in connection with shots fired last week on Channing Way and Ellsworth Street from someone in a car with a BB gun. The adults who were arrested were identified as Demarea Davis Jr., 18, of Richmond; Danilo Lawrence, 19, and Robert Smith Jr., also 19.
UC Berkeley police report that campus parking lots have become a target for criminals in the past month. Since June, police say 19 cars were broken into at parking lots in and around UC Berkeley. Police are now urging drivers to be more cautious when choosing a spot and storing valuables.
Should I finish my IB Major along with CS Major? (Incoming Junior)
Carrie Underwood Strips Down to Teeny Bikini During Cabo Vacation With Husband Mike Fisher
Reminder: Amazon Prime Student is free for college students for 6 months with a college domain email
The Marin County Coroner’s Office identified a set of human remains found in Point Reyes as those belonging to Shuqin Zhang, a UC Berkeley student who went missing in January.
Human remains found in Point Reyes confirmed to be those of missing campus student
Looking for Housing
Looking for housing
What are my chances of getting into UC Berkeley?
Brand New and Modest Mouse show
Same instructor in two places at once? (Class Schedule question)
Any way to stop CARS Monthly e-Bill Notices?
Is longboarding viable?
History 7A books
Bonobo Way author Dr. Susan Block at UC Berkeley nonmonogamy conference
ORMs vs Haas?
Housing Question for Fall 2016
Where can I study at 6am?
Scheduling back to back classes?
Where can i study at 6am?
In what may be a record, five UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism professors, four lecturers and eighteen alums have been honored in the latest round of News &amp; Documentary Emmy Award nominations. Prof. Lowell Bergman was nominated for the PBS Frontline documentary "Rape on the Night Shift."
Downtown Berkeley is the most walkable neighborhood in the Bay Area, and two other Berkeley areas also make the Top 10. Downtown Berkeley placed highest with a Walk Score of 96 out of a possible 100; Southside Berkeley was fourth with a score of 93; Northside Berkeley was sixth with a score of 89.
"Sweeping" us like we were Trash in Hypocrisy City (Berkeley): "Having been houseless myself, I understand how it is to feel pushed out. Officers were showing up at 7:00am with a bullhorn loudspeaker telling everyone they had five minutes to gather up their belongings and evacuate the area."
Launched in 2009 by four founders who were once part of Haas Business School, Magoosh creates digital tools prospective students use to study for standardized tests such as the GRE, GMAT and LSAT. CEO Bhavin Parikh: Magoosh has captured about 10% of the students who take the GRE and GMAT every year.
Is anyone else sick of Irish students causing trouble and a mess in Berkeley during the summer?
[HIRING] Canadian Studies is hiring a video production assistant. $22/hr; up to 20 hours a week
Housing and Everest
How to tell apart manual vs. automatic waitlists when signing up for classes in the new system?
How to tell apart manual vs. automatic waitlists when signing up for classes in the new system?
moving in by myself?
Heeral Shivnani: The Golden Bears who will not be forgotten. "I tried hard to remember the conversations we had every time I saw Tarishi Jain entering GBC on crutches. Boy, if I had torn a ligament, I would be cranky all the time — a far cry from Tarishi's warm smile and strangely calm demeanor."
ASUC passed two bills. One stipulates they send letters to communities affected by the terror attacks that killed two students, while the other advocates the Tang Center hire a counselor "capable of satisfying the emotional health needs" of the South and Southwest Asian and North African community.
Many in Berkeley feel that the Police Review Commission is unable to adequately address today's foremost police issues. According to Berkeley City Councilmember Kriss Worthington, one consequence is some civil rights lawyers tell clients not to take their complaints against the police to the PRC.
Homeless and hungry in college: Not just a 'ramen-noodle' problem. Rising tuition and California's crushing rental prices -- nearly $2,300 per month for an average one-bedroom apartment in Oakland and San Jose -- have made it harder than ever for students to get by.
Business and Consulting Clubs at UC Berkeley
Is E7 with MechE in Fall really that bad?
Recently graduated from another university, now working at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab. My pay is supposed to be similar to a grad student's. How do grad students afford it?!
Thoughts on my freshmen first semester schedule? Thanks :)
On the day of his graduation from Cal in 1942, Yonekazu Satoda was not lining up in cap and gown with fellow soon-to-be graduates. Instead, he sat 2,000 miles away in an internment camp in Jerome, Arkansas, scribbling brief notes about the "very hot" day and the "bull session" he had with friends.
DeSondra Ward, a UC Berkeley employee who pleaded guilty in February to embezzling more than $300,000 from the Lawrence Hall of Science, was sentenced to 18 months in jail. Ward pleaded guilty to all five charges against her, which included stealing from a program that receives federal funds.
Forty-nine Golden Bears will be heading to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil for the 2016 Summer Olympics, including 41 athletes that span 15 different sports, and a pair of head coaches. Among Cal's 2016 Olympians are 14 athletes making return trips to the Games, including seven former medalists.
How do I tell the school that I'm moving into the apartments?
berkeley fees question?
Questions regarding dorms
University of California Clamps Down on Moonlighting Execs
If you want to sign up for two classes that have time conflicts, use this form to request an override
How much do hair salons charge here for ombre?
Cal received funding from the NSA to cover class expenses for CYBEAR, a 6-week course for Bay Area high school students to bolster their cybercrime-fighting skills. It aims to prepare more workers for cybersecurity careers in government and private industry and includes a tour of the SF FBI offices.
HBO is airing Open Your Eyes, a 25-minute documentary featuring Berkeley's Seva Foundation. It helps restore sight to the blind by helping fund cataract surgeries, glasses, medicine. Steve Jobs served on the advisory board for a few months just before Apple took off, and gave Seva its first grant.
UC could curb some of its study abroad programs as the deaths of two UC Berkeley students overseas in separate terrorist attacks over a period of two weeks raised questions about their safety. Nicolas Leslie died on July 14 in Nice, France, and Tarishi Jain on July 1 in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Tucked away underneath Berkeley's Trinity United Methodist Church is the East Bay Sanctuary Covenant, a law clinic that advocates for the rights of low-income refugees and immigrants. The EBSC aims to advocate for 700 cases this year — 500 adult cases and 200 unaccompanied minor cases.
I got waitlisted on the lecture but not on discussion?
Anybody in Cal Boxing? What's it like?
Checking waitlist position in this new system
After an overwhelming response from members of the racquet sports community—a petition that garnered more than 500 signatures—the Recreational Sports Facility (RSF) has decided to reverse its decision announced Friday to convert racquetball and squash courts into space for new cardio equipment.
Scott Kato, a Good Samaritan who rushed to help two girls in a tidepool Saturday, said their father, Mark Hornor, 46, of Berkeley, who drowned while trying to save his youngest daughter, who also died, impacted him in the moments before tragedy struck. "What do you guys do if a big wave comes?"
Gay Berkeley City Councilman Kriss Worthington has decided to run this November for mayor of the East Bay city. It is the second mayoral bid by the long-serving council member, who first ran for the elected post in 2012. This December will mark his 20th anniversary since joining the council.
Waitlists PSA: "Students who are on a wait list and whose secondary sections become full are not able to switch their secondary sections without dropping from the wait list and losing their position."
R/C B suggestions? (Thinking of Classics R44)
Is transferring under Applied Math and declaring Computer Science possible?
Another PSA: There is now a HARD limit for class enrollment to 16 units in Phase II, so be prepared to drop any classes that bump you up to 16.5 or higher.
Joining Cal Band as a Sophomore?
Stupid Question: Can I take FPF classes without being in the program?
PSA: When Calcentral lists your TeleBears enrollment time, it displays in your computer's timezone (not just Pacific time)
What's the cheapest way to move furniture? from unit 2 to shattuck
Question For L&amp;S CS Majors/Applied Mathematics Majors/Transfer Students
A new proposal has come in, on the former Jered's Pottery lot, for a 5-story, 39-unit building on San Pablo Avenue in West Berkeley. A 1-story garage (later used as the pottery studio) would be demolished to make way for the new building, designed by Berkeley-based Devi Dutta Architecture.
Claire Chiara, a 22-year-old Cal senior majoring in political science and economics, is the youngest member of the California delegation at the Republican National Convention. She's an outspoken conservative and Trump supporter, setting her apart from her liberal peers.
Cal swimmer Rachael Acker added to her long list of accomplishments when she was named the Pac-12's 2015-16 Woman of the Year, becoming the first Golden Bear to receive the honor in the 11-year history of the award. As a result, Acker is the conference's candidate for NCAA Woman of the Year.
Cal announced a new policy Monday that requires undergraduate students to pay 20 percent of their tuition before Aug. 19 or their enrollment will be cancelled one day before fall instruction begins on Aug. 24. This moves the previous deadline to make the first tuition payment ahead by 26 days.
Running near campus?
Easiest CS Upper Divs for a minor in EECS?
Anyone interested in a weekly NL Texas Hold 'Em poker game?
Any of you interested in a weekly NLHE poker game
Campus holds vigil for student Nicolas Leslie
Recommendations for proposed schedule?
On the consent calendar for the July 19 Berkeley City Council meeting is a recommendation to abolish the Lychee and Dog Meat Festival, which happens every June in Yulin, Guangxi, China. It calls for an end to all "consumption, illegal trade, killing, and abuse of animals" related to the festival.
UCPD responded to a report of assault with a deadly weapon at People's Park on Monday evening about 5:00 p.m. A 57-year-old male was stabbed in the neck by a female suspect. According to a statement made by the victim to an individual not involved in the assault, the suspect is known to the victim.
Kal Sastry, a UC Berkeley materials science and engineering professor emeritus remembered for his unique life philosophies and his love for the Berkeley community, died Friday night. He was 74. Raised in India, Sastry came to UC Berkeley to pursue his doctorate degree in his early 20s.
Berkeley engineers are designing glues that will seal up tears in the amniotic sac when doctors have operated on babies in the womb. The glues are inspired by chemical and mechanical properties of a protein called byssal thread, which is used by mussels to attach themselves to rocks underwater.
There's a fence around Wheeler 'cause it's being renovated, gonna be closed all school year
There's a fence around Wheeler 'cause they're renovating it
Does it matter which discussion session I show up to for 61A?
Berkeley Park On Lockdown After Report Of Gunman In Area
Advice on a first semester schedule?
Which CS Classes To Take Outside of Berkeley?
Is there a scale in the RSF?
Hundreds gathered Monday afternoon on the Cal campus to remember Nicolas Leslie, 20, who was killed in the terror attack in Nice, France on July 14 which killed 84 and injured 200. Leslie was studying in Cal's College of Natural Resources, and had been accepted to the Haas School of Business.
A man began shooting at a group of Cal students Monday 12:22am at International House. The weapon may have been a pellet or BB gun. Suspects: A Black male, approximately 6 feet tall, wearing a dark grey or black hooded sweatshirt and black pants. A Black male, wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt.
Lakshmi Sarah and Melissa Bosworth graduated in May 2016 from the New Media program at Cal's Graduate School of Journalism. They filmed 9 refugees in 360 degrees in "The Wait: Inside the Lives of Asylum-seekers in Germany", which can be viewed on a Google Cardboard or other virtual reality viewer.
Berkeley, Oakland Ranked Worst U.S. Cities For First-Time Home Buyers (297 and 298, respectively). WalletHub compared 300 cities. San Francisco actually ranked higher, coming in at 254. The study looked at 19 key metrics — from affordability and quality of life, to crime rates and weather.
Berkeley senior Claire Chiara will be one of Donald Trump's California delegates at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week. She's disappointed by the party platform that opposes gay rights. "I think Donald Trump represents a little bit of the future of the Republican Party."
Curious about workshops / other learning opportunities
Professor Olney sent this email to her Fall 2016 Econ 1 students in light of the recent tragedies in Dhaka and Nice.
Has anyone taken the Tamarkoz Sufi Meditation DeCal? What was it like?
One of our own hacked this together as a NinjaCourses replacement. Here's the link in time for Phase II.
cs61bl cheat detection
Is it possible to take classes at a local community college if I've withdrawn from school?
Possible to complete EECS in 3 years?
Feel like I'm failing?
UC Berkeley receives record number of alumni donations this year | The Daily Californian
Berkeley student Nicolas Leslie confirmed dead in France terror attack
Mailing address???
Thoughts on Psych 1?
Who does the most fake French/German accent you have ever heard?
Mini-documentary on a nude activist (who lives in Berkeley, of course)
My desires are unconventional
Former Cal RB Jahvid Best first athlete with NFL experience to qualify for Olympics. Cal running backs now have an Olympian and three straight Super Bowl champs!
[Poke'mon GO] Safe and accessible Poke'mon locations around campus.
Anyone know what the admit rate is for L&amp;S CS?
Judith Butler, a professor in the department of comparative literature at UC Berkeley, said in a 2015 interview that "if we jump too quickly to the universal formulation, ‘all lives matter,’ then we miss the fact that black people have not yet been included in the idea of 'all lives.'"
Bryce Nesbitt: Why Airbnb is so popular among Berkeley homeowners (A cautionary tale on renting space in your home). His parents bought in the 1960s and rented a granny flat to a tenant in 1998. For 18 years they never raised the $500/month rent. They have an unwelcome intrusive guest in their home.
About 50,000 Americans are diagnosed with Parkinson's disease every year. We hear the story of one of them, Berkeley's Ben Rivers, who has found ways to maintain an active inner life even as his body slows down.
The music department's student-run ensemble will perform two of their free Summer Symphony concerts at Hertz Concert Hall this weekend. On Friday night, it's Petrushka and Stravinsky with conductor Nicholas Koo. On Saturday night, it's Schumann's Symphony No. 4 with conductor Jane Kim.
Anyone with MUSE experience? (Multicultural Urban Secondary English Master's program)
Question about Art 8
Cal Students in Nice??
I miss Crossroads. Anybody wanna swipe me in today?
Wait-list question
Is it a bad idea to take 3 AC classes in one semester?
Berkeley News story on Cal students injured and missing in Nice attack
UC Berkeley student Nick Leslie still missing after Nice attacks.
PSA: Today is the last day to waive SHIP without a $50 fee!
PSA: Today is the last day to waive shift without a $50 fee!
Question about Berkeley Extension
Any Berkeley magic players familiar with Eudemonia's prereleases?
University Lutheran Chapel of Berkeley (ULC), at 2425 College Ave. (at Haste), held a press conference and ritual blessing Wednesday to launch an initiative to provide sanctuary to local residents seeking refuge from deportation, and it unveiled a newly created apartment designed for that purpose.
A petition to oust Yvette Felarca, a Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School teacher who was involved with a protest against a white supremacist group, has gathered more than 500 signatures. She was filmed taunting and hitting a neo-Nazi attending a rally led by the Traditionalist Worker Party.
A Berkeley Daily Gazette report from July 15, 1941: "Construction of a huge building to house the 4,900-ton atom smashing cyclotron at UC has started in the Berkeley Hills. ... It'll hurl atomic bullets of five times the power of the world's largest cyclotron, which is also on the Berkeley campus."
Maggie Lam: "I asked my dad to explain his anti-Blackness. He said his view of Black people was imbalanced because of his limited experiences. He knew there were good Black people — living in rich neighborhoods, but he had only engaged with those who lived in conditions of homelessness and poverty."
Campus sets new records for fundraising
Berkeley Bears will be the second most represented school for Team USA at Rio 2016 Olympics
Designers at Berkeley
Best swimming pool to swim laps at?
Any spring transfers?
Police at 8:40 p.m. Tuesday investigated gunfire on Stuart Street that damaged a vehicle. They found no victims but discovered one vehicle that had been hit three times by gunfire. The shooter was described as a black man in his early 20s with an athletic build who was wearing a red shirt.
University House's former manager, Alice McNeil, complained that she had been pushed out of her job after doing chores for Chancellor Dirks and Bakhle and resisting their attempts to avoid reporting the value of those hours to the IRS. The assertions are being reviewed by Napolitano's office.
The man behind Pokémon Go is Berkeley Haas alumnus John Hanke, MBA '96 and CEO of Niantic Labs. He is the driving force behind Pokémon Go, the hottest craze to hit smartphones—ever. Since its release, it has sent millions of players to the streets on the hunt for animated characters that pop up.
Police are looking for a man who kissed at least two UC Berkeley summer school students without consent and may have groped one over her clothing. He is a white man, about 50 years old "who may seem younger in appearance." He is 5 feet 9 inches and 135 pounds with brown hair and brown or hazel eyes.
At a conference liberal arts colleges' future, Carol T. Christ, Berkeley's interim vice chancellor and provost, noted that she's been struck by the contrast between public schools that have more qualified applicants than they can serve, versus nonelite private colleges that need more applicants.
Pickup games in Berkeley?
Ethernet in res halls not working?
how can i get girlfriend? cold approaching?
Anybody got leftover summer mealpoints they don't think they'll use?
Shooting (?) on Stuart Street near Ashby?
The number of Cal connections to the U.S. Olympic Team continues to grow. Beyond the 10 Bears to already make the team, Cal men's swimming head coach Dave Durden has been selected to join the coaching staff in Rio de Janeiro.
Doing CS homework and projects for money
A state agency, Cal/OSHA, has fined the city of Berkeley nearly $100,000 after a worker, Johnny Tolliver Sr., 52, was crushed by his garbage truck in the Berkeley Hills in January, as he tried to stop his truck from rolling down the hill on Parnassus.
Hundreds gathered on Sproul Plaza Monday evening for a vigil and open mic commemorating the lives lost during recent police shootings around the nation. They also paid tribute to the five police officers who were killed while protecting a peaceful Black Lives Matter rally in Dallas over the weekend.
The mystery of how much of Vincent van Gogh's ear was sliced off on Dec. 23, 1888, was solved by documentation found in Berkeley's Bancroft Library. Historian Bernadette Murphy asked for a search of the Bancroft archives of author Irving Stone and found a drawing by the doctor who treated the wound.
UC Berkeley chancellor under investigation for alleged misuse of public funds, personal use of campus athletic trainer
Are ASUC positions paid?
UberEats code
$500 Amazon gift card giveaway: We want to hear your opinions on safety
Exploring Rugby
Where are my Team Instinct brothers and sisters?
Dropping a non- major Pass/No pass class with a W?
Best trivia in Berkeley?
Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm joined Berkeley in 2011. Her husband, Dan Mulhern, joined Cal at the same time. Richard Vedder of Ohio University questioned whether Mulhern, who earned $163,068 in 2014, had the credentials on his own to teach at such an acclaimed university.
A 52-year-old Berkeley woman who was walking alone near Gourmet Ghetto was attacked and robbed Sunday in broad daylight (12:35pm). A man punched and kicked her and took her backpack. He was described as black, 30 years old, 5 foot 10 and 180 pounds, and was wearing a white shirt and dark pants.
A man who set his shirt on fire after threatening people on a Fremont-bound BART train with a knife was arrested in Berkeley late Monday afternoon. Officers found the man and took him into custody at gunpoint. The man was found to have two arrest warrants, totaling $15,000.
Prompted by concern that too many units are being taken off Berkeley's long-term housing market for short-term uses such as Airbnb, the City Council voted unanimously Thursday to penalize landlords who rent out multiple properties for less than two weeks.
How crowded is the RSF at 11pm or later during the summer?
What's it like to live in a co op?
Gyms and parking
Lost a GoPro w/ Carmount on Highway 580
Are all freshman seminars simply closed for Phase 1?
How to do a full-time internship and remain registered as student?
An 8-unit apartment building at 2537 Fulton St. built in 1968 and fully remodeled in 2013 sold for $3.825 million, making the individual price for each apartment – $478,125 – the highest in Berkeley for buildings constructed before 2000. "Student-occupied assets continue to command strong rents."
Jaco Laz 64 bars Music Video FRESH OUT OF BERKELEY HIGH
UC Berkeley housing
[PSA] Be well aware of your surroundings when going to secluded Pokestops at night, especially if they have a Lure. Remember that thieves can use Lures on Pokespots too, and you're basically advertising that you have a phone worth at least a couple hundred dollars.
Waitlist during phase 1?
Double Majoring in two completely different fields?
Transfer Housing Guarantee?
Why are there so many downvotes?
2016-2017 Ship Waiver Answers?
Has anyone taken History 7B? Is it a good way to satisfy the history breadth requirement?
New Transfer students looking for info on Martinez Commons Apartments
Question about CS70 in the Fall
College startup (www.ticketharbor.com) by UC student to make on-demand way to buy or sell physical or e-tickets for sports, concerts, amusement parks, and show tickets.
Question about CS Minor
Should I get a parking permit?
Burger restaurant and pub Freehouse, located at 2700 Bancroft Way, is closed for the summer and undergoing kitchen renovations. Freehouse, which first opened in February 2012, officially closed in mid-June, according to restaurant owner Daryl Ross. He hopes to reopen the restaurant in August.
Yoojin Shin on Venmo: "Short Venmo transactions were enough to make me feel left out. ... I witnessed my ex-boyfriend’s countless payments titled “drank,” “getting shitfaced” and “club” to a slew of other girls a week after our breakup. I promptly unfollowed him."
Berkeley Political Atmosphere
After years of contention, the Berkeley City Council recently approved the demolition of 18 rent-controlled units just a block from the UC Berkeley campus on Durant Avenue between Bowditch Street and College Avenue. A five-story, 56-unit building filled with pricey apartments will take its place.
Several hundred protesters outraged by the police killings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota took to the streets of San Francisco, blocking several roads and ramps to get on and off the Bay Bridge. CHP closed access to the bridge Saturday afternoon when protesters took over freeway ramps.
What team color are we for Pokemon Go?
BEST DORM NECESSITIES/ITEMS FOR NEW STUDENT???
Taking CS 61A, can I handle Math 54 or should I take 1B first?
Maggie Lam's "Fucking white boys" column last Thursday received more than 600 responses. Some were supportive, but most were critical. The Daily Cal posted two critiques of the column and one in favor. Her column has appeared on Thursday for the past several weeks, but no column appeared this week.
If you see or hear a plane flying low over the UC Berkeley campus this weekend, don't be alarmed. The UC Berkeley Real Estate Mapping and Drawing unit hired a company to make a highly-detailed topographic map of the campus. The plane is taking aerial pictures of the campus and LBNL.
Fingerprints collected after a traffic-related misdemeanor warrant arrest in March helped police zero in 24-year-old Johnny Dunbar, who has been charged with four felonies linked to the sexual assaults of at least three female victims in the summer of 2008 when he was 16.
A bit concerned for next semester
Having trouble deciding.
Roommate for Unit 2 Housing?
PSA to Pokemon Go players
Priyanka Krishnamurthi, a math wiz with a near-perfect SAT score, ended up at Yale after rejection by Berkeley. Three generations of Michaels attended UCs until son was rejected from several: "I have blue and gold running through my blood. But when I get calls now from Davis I'm not giving a dime."
Driving to Menlo Park Today
What is CS Scholars like?
EASIEST CLASS
Memes and shitposting were never banned. Only a few spammers got temporarily banned for going overboard. You can still do both of these things as long as you don't spam.
Tinder for Finding Roommates? New free app launches at Berkeley
Freshman question about the first CS course I should take
Graduate students led by David Wagner, a computer science professor, demonstrate how intelligible noises can be used on voice-identification programs like Siri and Cortana to hack into smart phones and tablets. These noises can also be maliciously used by advertisers to send spam and spread viruses.
The city of Berkeley is working to install a new fence on Gilman Street on the southeast side of the Interstate 80 freeway as part of ongoing efforts to curtail camping by homeless. Campers said their property — much of which had both material and sentimental value — was put into a dumpster.
Alexander Stubbs, a UC Berkeley graduate student, teamed up with his father, Christopher Stubbs, an astrophysics professor at Harvard, on research that revealed a mechanism that allows octopuses to see color. Christopher: "How could I pass up an opportunity to do a cool science project with my son?"
Agrodolce, a new Sicilian-style restaurant, will open in September on Shattuck at the former location of Cafe Gratitude, in Berkeley's Gourmet Ghetto. The owners of the new restaurant, the D'Alo family, run another Berkeley eatery — the Italian restaurant Trattoria La Siciliana on College Avenue.
This subreddit is by far the most active when there are political debates going on. If it interests people, should we have a discussion thread on some polarizing topic every once in a while?
Questions about Art 21
New acceptance rate is 17.5%, not 14.8% as previously lied about. 14.8% figure's all over Wikipedia, Google, College Confidential, even some rankings. Hundreds more freshmen have now enrolled at Berkeley under the false pretense that it's more selective than UCLA, USC, and Cornell when it's not. LOL
New acceptance rate is 17.5%, not 14.8% as previously lied about. 14.8% figure is all over Wikipedia, Google, College Confidential, even some rankings. Hundreds of freshmen have now enrolled at Berkeley under the false pretense that it's more selective than UCLA, USC, and Cornell when it's not. LOL
Pokemon Go Peeps?
Advice/chance of getting into the Master of City Planning?
Recommended CS GPA for grad school?
Deadspin: Academics vs Football Program at UC Berkeley
Easiest breadth courses
Any 1 or 2 unit classes for an incoming cognitive science transfer that you would recommend?
Jenna Maughan's response to opinion columnist Maggie Lam's "Fucking white boys" and "Speaking out": "I am a part of this campus. I am white, lower-middle class. I find myself and my identity being constantly attacked and determined for me by my campus peers because of the color of my skin."
Tom Miller and Tran Tuong Nhu, known as Nhu, have been married 40 years. They met in 1973 in Vietnam during the war. Tom was an aid worker. She was the granddaughter of a court official, received her college degree from Berkeley, and was press secretary for Jerry Brown when he was mayor of Oakland.
Frat bros go to gay PRIDE parade
Stanley Mandelstam, 87, a Cal physics professor emeritus remembered for his remarkable modesty despite his sizable contribution to theoretical physics, died June 23. He was known for his contributions to quantum field theory and string theory, as well as his invention of the Mandelstam variables.
Berkeley police officers arrested Leonard Jackson, a 35-year-old Oakland man, Wednesday morning after an alert resident spotted him carrying a gun through the neighborhood, authorities said. The gun was loaded with a large-capacity magazine and he also had a spare magazine with him.
Frat bros go to gay PRIDE parade
Looking for housing in/near Berkeley, it's looking bleak, any advice?
I'd like to go to grad school for CS, but my GPA will probably be ~3.0-3.1 as a CS major. What's my status?
Free Astronomy Lecture / Star-gazing (Thursday, July 7)
UC Berkeley admit class includes 1,000 more Californians
Has anyone taken Theater 10 Intro to acting? How was the audition?
does waiving SHIP impact my fin aid package?
Quality of equipment at RSF?
What do you guys think are the best benefits of Berkeley SHIP?
Hundreds of people gathered at Sproul Plaza at noon Tuesday to pay their respects to Tarishi Jain, a UC Berkeley student murdered by Bangladesh terrorists last week, and others killed in the attack. The speakers at the vigil included Chancellor Nicholas Dirks and William Morrow, president of ASUC.
To be among the 52-person U.S. Olympic Team, one must be the top two male or female in each of the 26 events or top six in the 100-meter and 200-meter freestyle events at the U.S. Olympic Trials. 11 Cal-affiliated athletes punched their tickets to Rio de Janeiro — many of which are first-timers.
The finalized 2017 city budget allocated by Berkeley City Council on Tuesday partially defunded several nonprofits serving homeless people in the city, leaving many organizations feeling shortchanged. The budget restructure was influenced by the city’s implementation of a coordinated intake program.
As urban farming and chicken husbandry increase in popularity, how to raise backyard chickens humanely, legally and in a way that respects neighbors will be the subject of a free workshop offered by the City of Berkeley July 10.
UC Berkeley Skull &amp; Keys Initiation (1899)
University Park apartments
Maybe they can subconsciously tell that you're older. 18-20 year olds aren't always driven to connect with people more than 5 years older than themselves.
Looking for coder
Am I socially inept at Cal?
Experiences living in Uptown Oakland?
Anywhere to buy fireworks?
Dentists Who Accept SHIP: Recommendations?
I miss ScheduleBuilder.
The biology of motherhood: When Britt Glaunsinger isn’t receiving prestigious awards or working as a tenured professor at UC Berkeley for both the plant and microbial biology and molecular cell biology departments, she has another full-time job. Glaunsinger is a mother.
Fighting Game Community
Kevin Durant Leavs OKC and Signs with Warriors
In light of Maggie Lam's article, "Fuck White Boys," and the following discussion on r/Berkeley, I feel like everyone's thoughts need to be developed more before being expressed.
Can i get some recommendations on dollar happy hour places (food or drink) around Berkeley?
Boyfriend's white Honda Civic was stolen this morning on University and Tenth street.
Alta Bates Summit Medical Center, Berkeley's only hospital and emergency room, plans to shut down in 2030 to avoid state-mandated earthquake safety upgrades that hospital officials say would require costly reconstruction. City officials are considering a resolution to halt the closure.
Maggie Lam, a student at the prestigious University of California at Berkeley is drawing fierce criticism for her rage-filled, sexually explicit columns in the student newspaper — in which she denounces white people as "the white devil" among other racially charged attacks.
The life of Tarishi Jain, 19, a UC Berkeley student slain in an early Saturday morning attack on a Bangladesh restaurant will be remembered at a one-hour vigil at noon Tuesday in Sproul Plaza, which will also acknowledge the other hostages killed in the attack, the university announced Sunday.
Nicholas Dirks called for a new investigation into Cal football's strength and conditioning program amid criticism over a 2014 inquiry that cleared it of wrongdoing. The inquiry was conducted by investigators with personal connections to Cal athletics staff, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
Debranding /r/berkeley from UC Berkeley's logo
Double major in computer science and cognitive science
Double major in computer science and cognitive science?
Where can I find transferable online classes for the summer?
How realistic is it to double major in computer science and econ?
Visiting Berkeley for July 4th. What's a good place to enjoy fireworks?
Where can I buy thermal paste on a Sunday?
Friend's files on his laptop were deleted and he's not sure how. Some of these files were his medical school essays. Does anyone know a good computer recovery service nearby?
Places to be on the Independence Day?
Anyone with experience with Raj properties?
What's up Berkeley Bears. We need your help. And you can make up to $60/hour for your expertise.
Petition for Berkeley Unified School District to fire BAMN leader Yvette Felarca
Transfer BioE here, does this schedule look like hell for my first semester?
UC Berkeley Freshman Among Dead in Bangladesh Attack
UC Berkeley Student Tarishi Jain Among 20 Hostages Killed in Terrorism Attack on Cafe in Dhaka, Bangladesh
UC Berkeley Student Tarishi Jain Among 20 Hostanges Killed in Terrorism Attack on Cafe in Dhaka, Bangladesh
Booming sounds near college ave
Campus apartments vs off campus housing?
Several UC Berkeley economics professors who support income inequality research each earn more than $300,000 a year, putting them in the top 2 percent of the public university's salary distribution, according to a recent report by California Policy Center, a nonpartisan California think tank.
Don Jelinek, a former Berkeley City Councilman, author, and a crusading lawyer who worked for civil rights in the South, represented the Native Americans who took over Alcatraz in 1969, and defended prisoners who survived the Attica Prison uprising, died June 24. He was 82.
Senior physics major Josh Prenot is the latest Cal Bear to qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio after breaking the national record for the 200-meter breaststroke at the U.S. Olympic trials in Omaha, Nebraska. He could graduate as early as the upcoming fall semester.
A foot washing. A haircut. Empathy. Legal advice. Eyeglasses or dental work. Medical attention for a wound, a case of scabies or even diabetes. All these needs bring people living on the margins to the Suitcase Clinic — a free service that Cal students have provided near campus for over 25 years.
Feedback for EECS admission?
Why do we let The Daily Cal continue like this?
Maggie Lam has generated more ad revenue for the Daily Cal than any journalist in the history of the newspaper.
Cal CC Transfer vs In-State OSU
I had a scary encounter just a couple hours ago and I would like everyone to please read this so it doesn't happen to them.
Fucking Asian girls | Daily Californian (if written by a white male)
Help! Unable to enroll in a CS61A Discussion!
Recommendations for L &amp; S Advisors?
Chances of Admission to EECS?
CSU to UCB transfer?
CalCentral Transcript Issue
Bharati Mukherjee, an English professor at UC Berkeley for almost 30 years and an award-winning author, was presented with a 2016 Great Immigrants: The Pride of America award. In its 11th year, the Carnegie award honors "immigrants who have made notable contributions to the progress of society."
Will Berkeley Cut A Deal With Airbnb Or Vote To Regulate Short-Term Rentals? A shake-up at Tuesday's city council meeting: Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates threw councilmembers for the loop by quietly suggesting that, instead of regulating short-term rentals now, the city should strike a deal with Airbnb.
City Council convened Tuesday in a special meeting to discuss economic development on Telegraph Avenue and was met with resistance from attendees after a misunderstanding led many to believe that City Council would be discussing converting People's Park into housing units.
Barack Obama pledged to send a new commemorative coin to Betty Reid Soskin—who founded Reid’s Records on Berkeley’s Sacramento Street in 1945 and is the oldest full-time National Park ranger—after a burglar Monday punched her several times in her face and stole the one Obama gave her in December.
I'm planning on filing a grievance but I need some information about school policy.
Fucking white boys | The Daily Californian
Admitted into major but Bearfacts/CalCentral still have me down as Undeclared.
Transcript deadline?
Frat bros go to gay PRIDE parade
New Admits: Any of you still waiting for Cal to receive transcripts?
Do you like the new banner?
Prof. Filippenko is doing an AMA! (link to r/IAMA post)
Question about taking a semester off for a full time internship
Bood, 37, lives by the Gilman underpass. He makes $30 to $40 a day scavenging. He finds lots of food (people throw away a lot from Trader Joe's) as well as things like scooters, skateboards, etc. When Berkeley cleaned out the camp, he just went across the street and returned when they left, he said.
Homelessness in Berkeley: The fact sheet. More than 1,200 homeless in October 2015. Number of households with at least one adult and one child: 45. Number of children under 18 in those households (total): 80. Amount allocated in 2015-16 for services (community agencies): $3.44 million.
After a state auditor report criticized a UC admissions policy that disadvantaged in-state students, UC spent $158,000 in a publicity campaign to counter the claims. Kevin Sabo: "It's infuriating to read for the second time that almost $200,000 was spent on changing UC's reputation on the Internet."
UC Berkeley professor of EECS Jitendra Malik and professor of mathematics and computer science James Demmel have been appointed as the new chairs of the campus Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department and the department's computer science division, respectively.
Math 16A-B for CS61A?
Former Cal Bear Marshawn Lynch is enjoying retirement. Best car reviewer ever!
What do the no stopping 4-6pm signs mean? Can you still park?
Berkxit Passes, Cal Exits the University of California System
Berkxit Passes, Cal Exits the University of California System
Caught On Video: Yvette Felarca, BAMN Leader And Berkeley Middle School Teacher, Attacking People In Sacramento
Skipping Math 1B through credit by exam?
Easiest Freshman English Class???
CS 70 with Sahai or Walrand?
Best work places on campus during the summer?
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: While we commend administrators for their willingness to let us plebeians put forth ideas on solving the budget crisis, the ideas we've seen will be negligible drops in a vast revenue deficit. They would be better off looking into professional outside help.
Berkeley psychology professor Tania Lombrozo encourages everyone vote Thursday in the Best Illusion of the Year contest. Ten perceptual and optical illusions will be displayed in online videos and visitors will be able to vote for their favorite.
Members of Sigma Epsilon Omega, an LGBTQ+ fraternity at UC Berkeley, celebrated their identities at San Francisco's Gay PRIDE parade.
California is one of four U.S. states that has struggled the most to bounce back after the recession, says a study conducted by Danny Yagan, an assistant professor of economics. Yagan's study of over 2 million workers shows many have become discouraged to look for jobs and others decided to retire.
Transferring to Berkeley for EECS from a Cal CC. Any thing I can do over the summer to get prepared?
Any Computer nuts here?
FREE desk chair and large IKEA desk
biology 1b fall and chem 1a spring?
Josephine Kao: At the recent UC Berkeley FLEJCON, or Financial Literacy and Economic Justice Conference, there were students who vocally expressed this jarring fact: "the free food we're getting at this conference is the only food some of us will eat today."
Bernie Sanders won Berkeley in the Democratic presidential primary with 54.4% of the vote to 45.2% for Hillary Clinton. Clinton did best in the City’s wealthiest areas. Sanders swept areas near the UC campus, Southside, Northside and Downtown by large margins. In Berkeley, 45,933 ballots were cast.
Over the past 3 years, Cal has spent over $1 million sprucing up the official home of Chancellor Nicholas Dirks. It included a $147,000 renovation of the upstairs kitchen, plus $100,000 for painting throughout the house, refinishing the floors in several rooms and replacing worn window coverings.
Authorities investigated threats targeting youth at North Berkeley's Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School, by a group that demanded the termination of a teacher who protested against a neo-Nazi rally. Teacher and BAMN organizer Yvette Felarca helped organize the counter-protest.
Scenic spot for a couples photo on UC Berkeley campus?
A short story I wrote about a young man and an old man who meet at the Berkeley Amtrak platform.
Burrito bowls from Berkeley Bowl - with the brown rice
Dropping a Summer Class without losing Financial Aid?
Transferring to Berkeley for EECS from a Cal CC. Any thing I can do over the summer to get prepared?
바카라 이기는법 ↗ VIVA707。COM ↗ 바카라사이트
Andrew Seliskar, 19, will dive into the CenturyLink Center pool Sunday in Omaha for a chance to make the U.S. Olympic team. His best events are the 200-meter butterfly and 400 individual medley. He is a rising sophomore at Cal Berkeley, where he is majoring in mechanical engineering.
Images taken with the Hubble Space Telescope by UC Berkeley planetary scientist Michael Wong, who led the Outer Planet Atmospheres Legacy program, or OPAL, confirmed the existence of a dark vortex in Neptune's atmosphere, the first sighting of a dark vortex on Neptune in the 21st century.
Other Bio classes to take besides 1B (for PreMed)
Switching out of a class because of a professor?
June 26, 2016 an aggravated assault occurred at Grizzly Peak. The victim was at the turnout with some friends. Sometime between 3:39 and 4:09 a.m. an argument broke out between the victim’s group and three males. During the altercation the victim was struck with an object that was used as a weapon.
Best barbershops in Berkeley/East Bay?
Anywhere on campus that offers printing services over the summer?
Are minors in specific colleges open to all students in the university?
Is ChemE that terrible? What's good to switch into?
Is ChemE that terrible? What's a good major to switch into?
Anyone have a cheap classical guitar I could borrow or rent from you?
Anyone has experience with the MAS-IC (EECS) program?
Anyone has experience with the MAS-IC program?
Go Bears... It gets so shitty once you graduate and leave Berkeley
[Advice] How doable is this Fall schedule (Freshman)
thoughts on taking chemistry P?
Several hundred community members came together at Berkeley High School on Saturday evening to remember 17-year-old Efejon Ustenci, who drowned Wednesday in Placer County less than a week after he graduated from BHS. A fundraiser to help collect money for burial costs has raised more than $16,000.
Yoojin Shin on Yellow Fever: "He was the fourth white man who confessed his love for Asian women to me. I could see through the cloudy pleasantries and find an ideal prototype of an Asian woman he had in mind: smart, skinny and exotic with long black hair, who was sexually adventurous but pliant."
On Thursday, the U.S. Supreme Court in a 4-3 decision upheld the consideration of race as a factor in college admissions — a decision that has been met with both optimism and frustration by those affiliated with the UC system, as its admissions policies will not be affected by the verdict.
June 25, 2016 at 3:30 a.m. an armed robbery occurred at the Signpost 15 turnout on Grizzly Peak. The three victims, a 23 year old female and two 25 year old males, were approached by the three Hispanic males in their 20s, two of whom pointed guns at the victims and demanded their property.
[FREE EVENT] Spiders, Scorpions, Moths and More: Night Hike at Joaquin Miller Park
Berkeley sounds great, but...
Man carrying rifle reported to be seen on Warring Street
Seeking housing for Fall semester only
*rumors* of people with rifles outside of oscar wilde house
Signing up for Frosh classes when you are entirely undecided?
How to sign up for orchestra (Music 141)?
Fellow Economics majors (or grads) -- is it really that important to get a double major?
Experiences in Telegraph Commons?
EECS Professor Stuart Russell: We can't prevent AI changing the world but we can stop robots cooking cats
Housing Transfer Request
I have a lot of questions, any help appreciated. Please be honest, even if I might not like it.
Hamza Yusuf: The Orlando shooter Googled my name. I wish he had reached out to me.
With so many world-class athletes, the joke in 2012 was that if Cal were its own country, it would have tied for sixth in the world for the number of gold medals (11) won in the Olympics. In Rio, expect to see a few dozen current and former Golden Bear athletes competing in Rio.
UC Berkeley Professor Joonhong Ahn died in Japan on Sunday, June 19. He was diagnosed with advanced liver cancer in April 2015. The Department of Nuclear Engineering, in conjunction with the Center for Japanese Studies, plans to hold a memorial service early in the fall semester.
Henrietta Harris celebrated her 100th birthday June 15. She taught courses in UC Berkeley's drama department from 1954-1969 and founded the Aldridge Players West, a pioneering black theater ensemble. President Obama and his wife Michelle sent Henrietta a letter wishing her a happy birthday.
Concrete chunks weighing about 3 to 5 pounds have fallen from the ceiling and pillars of the west tunnel of Edwards Stadium — home to the campus soccer and track and field teams — adding to the already unsafe conditions established with the building's poor seismic rating.
Where's the best place to poop on campus?
Finally got sick of living in Soda Hall and have decided to get own internet connection. ISP advice?
Consequences of a NP?
Efejon Ustenci, 17, who graduated with his Berkeley High School class less than a week ago, died in Long Lake near Soda Springs, west of Lake Tahoe from an apparent drowning and said his body has been recovered. Efe had been planning to attend Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo in the fall.
Berkeley's annual July 4 celebration is at the Berkeley Marina. Live musical entertainment will include Tito y su Son de Cuba, The Queue, The Rusty String Express, Troupe Tangiers and Sharifa's Habibis belly dancers and a special performance by the United States Air Force Band of the Golden West.
Parade-goers will experience heightened security measures at the San Francisco Pride celebration this weekend — which is expected to draw around a million people to the Downtown area and is the largest LGBTQ+ celebration in the country — in wake of the recent shooting in a gay nightclub in Orlando.
Since the 1980s, Cal psychology professor Robert Levenson has met with the same married couples every 5 years. He found spouses who displayed high anger more likely to develop cardiac problems. Spouses who displayed "stonewalling" were more likely prone to muscular problems like neck and back pain.
Congrats to Tyrone Wallace - drafted to the Utah Jazz!
Congratulations to Jaylen Brown for going #3 in the NBA draft to the Boston Celtics!
Transfer admit, question about switching majors?
New Student - Issues with sending in Transcripts?
I've lived in Berkeley my entire life. What makes Berkeley unusual/unique, compared to the other places you've lived?
Berkeley has launched a program to use a controversial technology that automatically reads license plates on cars to optimize and enforce parking, part of a larger effort to encourage more Berkeley residents not to drive. The equipment will cost $450,000 over the course of the five-year contract.
One of Cal's newest programs is holding a contest for the public launch of Ideaction, a crowdsourcing website calling students, alumni, faculty and staff to pitch their ideas about how to raise revenue for the university. Prizes: Football tickets, Cal Performances passes and Cal Student Store gear.
Michael Bishop, 28, of Berkeley has been charged with three felonies after he tied up a woman with an electrical cord and tried to rape her Friday at an apartment on California Street. Bishop, who was naked, told police he and the woman were "just having rough sex." Bishop had a scrape on his face.
Napolitano chose three Cal undergrads—Jose Ayon, Laura Douglas and Martha Mejia—for the Presidential Public Service Fellowship. Meijia: "Since I am undocumented, I do not qualify for paid internships — so this fellowship allows me not to suffer from food insecurity and (to) afford transportation."
CS Upper Divs that require no programming or little programming?
6 Units outside L&amp;S major requirement at another UC?
UCSC has video game &amp; console rentals in their Science &amp; Engineering Library. Guys we gotta step up our game
Recruiting for a recent grad with 1-2 years office experience for an Admin Assistant position at UC Berkeley
My financial aid suddenly decreased, what can I do about it?
Welcome your new mod: /u/gotmoveslikejagger
Michael Rape, the MCB Dr. K. Peter Hirth Chair in Cancer Biology and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator at UC Berkeley, won the 2016 Blavatnik National Award for Young Scientists. It comes with $250,000 in unrestricted funds, the largest award for early-career scientists in the U.S.
The Berkeley Public Library on June 22, 2016, will launch a "Fat Positive Summer Festival" to address the cultural expectation that all people must be skinny and bikini-ready. It is put together with activist Virgie Tovar: "I encourage everyone to wear short shorts and crop tops to the festival!"
A man standing on a West Berkeley median who appeared to be a panhandler fell into a city-owned vehicle in the roadway and was taken to the hospital with an apparent head injury at about 1:30 p.m. The man fell face down into the street and was bleeding when first responders got to the scene.
An Alameda County grand jury criticized Berkeley, CA, for automatically purging emails after 90 days unless employees manually take steps to save them. Berkeley is one of just four Alameda County cities that does not archive emails for the two years required by the state for most public records.
What it takes to acquire a major in economics
Post your favorite pictures from in and around Berkeley!
Any suggestions on which are the best leasing offices/rental companies to visit if I want to lease an entire apartment?
Math 16B over the summer?
Taiwan's top science award, the Tang Prize, went to two UC Berkeley scientists: Jennifer Doudna, for her invention of CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing, and Arthur Rosenfeld, often called the "godfather of energy efficiency." Each scientist will receive $1.24 million, in addition to funds for research.
Ilaf Esuf on people with a negative view of LGBT community: "If I can fast for 30 days [for Ramadan] with the aim of being a better person; if every time my stomach aches I use it as a reminder I should be more conscious of my behaviors, you can take an extra few seconds to let others live freely."
Angelica Zocchi: "Everything about being a tenant sucks. The exorbitant price of rent in the Bay Area ... In my building, water has been shut off for as long as several weeks. Being forced to shuffle to the Recreational Sports Facility just to shower is hardly a delightful experience."
Vera Esail on living in a fraternity in the summer: "In the five weeks that I've lived here, I've taken part in beer pong, snappa, barbecues and even a small bonfire – all of which are open to the people in the house. ... I let go of ideas like having a clean bathroom."
Great solstice sunset tonight
Graham Fleming receives executive pay for nearly 1 year after resigning amid sexual harassment allegations
Tips for studying for a math class
Late night study locations on campus
Best way to get around campus if living in Clark Kerr? Walk? Bike? Moped? Other?
History 7B or Sociology 3AC or Anthro 2AC or Ethnic Studies 21AC or Linguistic 55AC (my phase one is tomorrow)
MUST SEE! MUST READ! HOLY HELL! CUTE
Any tips for Math W53?
Student from another school taking Math 110 over summer... without 54, need advice
Readmission after withdrawal and transfer student status
What lesser known services are offered by UC Berkeley people should be taking advantage of?
Anybody interested in doing weekly rides around the city?
Anyone with any experience with Cogsci 88?
Berkeley's Masonic Temple at Sunset
PSA to all incoming students (Freshmen and Transfers)
Thoughts, comments, tips on First Semester Schedule (ChemE)
Deadlifting at the RSF?
Are there a good place to deadlift at the RSF?
Advice for finding dog-friendly housing?
How hard is it to get into Haas school of business?
Trying to accept my housing offer but it's not working
Air conditioning in Berkeley
Theater 10?
Is this freshman first semester schedule good?
Freehouse closed indefinitely:(
What's it like using the UCB student parking lots?
Representatives of multiple faiths—Muslims, Jews, Christians—bridged cultural and religious gaps on campus Friday for the Ramadan Friendship Dinner when they gathered to break bread at an interfaith observance of Ramadan. It was organized by the student group Cultural Connections of Berkeley.
The Tang Prize Foundation announced the 2016 prize in Sustainable Development goes to Berkeley Lab's Arthur Rosenfeld, known in the field as the "godfather" of energy efficiency. The award includes a cash prize of $1.24 million. A grant of approximately $311,000 was also awarded.
Advice on IB classes to take for an incoming student?
UC Berkeley Summer Organizations/Clubs
Question about working at LBNL as a chemistry PhD student
Incoming transfer (econ major / stats minor), would this schedule be advised against?
Where to watch UEFA Euro in Berkeley?
Has anyone (non-freshman) been able to sign up for classes in the fall yet?
Impossible to take Math 1B and CS61A next semester?
Jim Rossi, a Masters in Journalism UC Berkeley student: "I knew one way to knock $12,000 per year off my student debt: I decided to be homeless. Is it safe? This fall, I awoke to the clack-clack of two guys trying to break into a neighboring car with a screwdriver."
At about 10:20 a.m. on May 27, 2016, a 35-year-old woman told UCPD she had been raped at People’s Park while intoxicated sometime between Dec. 25, 2015, and April 26. She described the assailant as a 6-foot-tall black man with glasses who had his hair "wrapped in a cloth."
Berkeley has a brand new NL (Nobel Laureate) parking spot, and it’s open to anyone. That is, anyone who rides a bicycle to and from campus. The sign honors Berkeley faculty who contributed to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), which shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore.
On Thursday, the California Legislature allocated $5 million toward the creation of a new research center dedicated to providing data on the efficacy of current gun control laws.It will be located at a UC campus to be selected by UC President Janet Napolitano funded by the state's General Fund.
how to prepare for masters of engineering at berkeley...
What are Phys Ed 1, 2, etc. like?
Any advice/thoughts about taking Econ 1 during Freshman Edge?
[Meta] Drama with Carrot extension
Off-campus housing--better to fly out now for academic year housing, or sublet when I get there and look?
Question about Berkeley CS61 series
Recently got admitted as an IB transfer, would love some advice!
Worth it to join the Cal Alumni Association?
A couple questions from a recent re-admitted student. Sorry if the answers are obvious :]
A year ago today, Berkeley woke up to the horrifying news that a balcony holding 13 people sheared off the face of Library Gardens, a downtown apartment building, sending six people in their 20s to their deaths. A "Berkeley, California" plaque was unveiled Wednesday at the U.S. Embassy in Dublin.
Workers from Caltrans, the California Highway Patrol and the city of Berkeley Thursday cleared out a large homeless encampment with 30 people on Gilman Street near I-80 freeway. With increasing frequency, Berkeleyside readers have been asking for updates on the camp, which they say has been growing.
On Tuesday evening, veterans and members of the Berkeley community gathered at the Cal Alumni House for a networking event dedicated to supporting the veteran LGBT community. The "Military Alumni Pride OUT" event — attended by about 20 people — featured two queer veteran speakers.
UC Berkeley announced Wednesday that Associate Vice Chancellor for Admissions and Enrollment Anne De Luca has accepted a position at Harvard University and will be leaving UC Berkeley at the end of July. In her new position, she will be associate dean of admissions and financial aid.
Transfer Student Question
Computer Science Online Degree
Free Software down?
Is ESPM 50AC actually an interesting and easy breadth course?
What are some easy breadth courses?
[#5] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
[#4] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Carrot will no longer be supported as our chatroom due to major privacy concerns. /u/Calberia has had his account suspended as well from reddit. Uninstall Carrot ASAP and do not use it again.
Carrot will no longer be support as our chatroom due to major privacy concerns. Uninstall it ASAP, and run a malware scan.
Incoming Freshman- Opinions on Fall Schedule
Stanford University women's swim team members wanted to write to the judge overseeing the Brock Turner rape case about his creepy behavior — but were "pressured" by school officials not to speak out. They had steered clear of him due to sleazy comments he would make about their bodies.
Advice for Physics 7A?
Is there a deadline to petition for the L&amp;S CS major? Do i need to petition before junior year?
Is this too much for a first semester? (MechE)
Is Berkeley time a thing?
Stat courses question
Is double majoring in business administration and economics a good idea?
Anybody willing to answer some CS 61A homework and project questions?
Summer at co-ops?
A bill signed by Gov. Jerry Brown could help undocumented immigrants buy health insurance through the Covered California health insurance exchange, part of the Affordable Care Act. A UC Berkeley report revealed last year 1.5 million undocumented Californians are projected to stay uninsured by 2019.
Summer at Co-ops?
The Berkeley Community Fund (BCF) honored 27 seniors with High Hopes scholarships with a total of $432,000. The program provides need-based scholarships worth $16,000 each to Berkeley High school students identified as being "talented and resilient" over the next four years.
Games of Berkeley will move in September to a newer, more expansive location at 2510 Durant Ave. to expand its current stock and hold more events after 19 years on the corner of Center Street and Shattuck Avenue. The new building was formerly occupied by Earth's Bizarre, which sold paraphernalia.
How can I make my @math.berkeley.edu address an alias in my primary gmail account?
My Phase 2 Enrollment Date is August 1st?
June 8, 2016 UCPD received a report of a rape May 20, 2016 at 2:00am in the courtyard of Unit III (2400 Durant Street, Berkeley). The suspect is an acquaintance of the victim. The suspect: A male student, 20 years of age, 5’10” in height, 190 lbs., with a medium build, brown wavy medium length hair.
masters in computer science, a bit twisted case. please advice!
Getting this error when adding my third course...
Exchange student arriving in SF 5 days before term - what to do?
As a CS major and possible future transfer student, what should I be doing to increase my chances of being accepted?
Listed as a freshman in CalCentral as transfer student.
Laurent Heller, the head of financial planning and analysis at UC Berkeley, has been named the vice chancellor for finance and administration at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. At Cal, he received a BA in economics and directed a $2.5 billion operating budget and the Campus Budget Office.
Berkeley balcony tragedy a year on: Out of the shadows they came to help. Aidan Foley went into a very busy Berkeley phone shop and announced he was working for people involved in the accident and needed seven phones now. All of the staff helped immediately and 45 minutes later he had seven phones.
Bob Dylan obliges annoying fan in Berkeley by actually playing 'Free Bird'. You've seen that guy. He emerges from some dark corner of the audience, maybe drunk. He brutishly disturbs your daydream with a shrill shout: "FREE BIRD!" His face snarls with wretched delight. He is the only one laughing.
The Cal Band closed out its triumphant two-week Asia tour, which saw both a spirited performance of traditional tunes like "Fight for California" and "Big C" at China's Great Wall. Between shows, the 108 touring band members hiked along the Great Wall and saw the sights in Tokyo and Kyoto.
Quick question regarding medcards and working on campus
Where to buy dry ice in Berkeley?
How do I complete online orientation if I'm not going to CalSO?
[serious] Trying to transfer in because of not safe at current UC campus, advice needed
WEIS 2016 | The 15th Annual Workshop on the Economics of Information Security - Jun 13-14
Jaylen Brown's claim on a shallow position: “I think the thing that separates him from a lot of guys, even at that level, is that he’s 6-foot-8, almost 230 pounds and can dribble the length of the floor in a matter of three seconds," said Cal head coach Cuonzo Martin.
A few questions about registering for classes as a freshman
How do I add classes?
Cal baseball team's 2017 roster will look very different next year, after seven players — including four juniors and one sophomore — were chosen in the 2016 Major League Baseball draft: Daulton Jefferies, Brett Cumberland, Alex Schick, Aaron Knapp, Mitchell Kranson, Ryan Mason, Robbie Tenerowicz.
Residents ask: Why the recent power outages in Berkeley? PG&amp;E: Since Jan.1 there have been 8 outages affecting 2,500 customers or more; and 3 outages affecting 5,000 customers or more. When the power went out during the first half of a Warriors game, it was the last straw for many residents.
Residents ask: Why the recent power outages in Berkeley? PG&amp;E: Since Jan.1 there have been 8 outages affecting 2,500 customers or more; and 3 outages affecting 5,000 customers or more. When the power went out during the first half of a Warriors game, it was the last straw for many residents.
The BART Board of Directors voted unanimously to approve a $3.5 billion bond measure to improve infrastructure and relieve crowding at stations. 10% of the bonds is dedicated to improving accessibility and crowding — which will include plans to install bike racks and a second Transbay crossing.
300 people gathered on Sproul Plaza to demonstrate support for the victims and families of the mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, which killed 50. At Berkeley High, the Gender &amp; Sexuality Alliance and the Muslim Student Association partnered to fundraise for those impacted by the Orlando shooting.
What UD History Classes Should I Take?
How do you enroll in courses?
Physical Therapy Recommendations?
Best eats around town?
What are some ways to get free food or groceries near campus?
French 1
Cal professor Mark Danner published "Spiral: Trapped In the Forever War." Danner writes Obama has not only neglected many of his campaign promises, but along with Bush, deserves blame for ISIS's rise and spread. He opposes Obama's aggressive use of drones and refusal to close Guantanamo Bay prison.
Founded in 2009 by two young Cal grads, Alejandro Velez and Nikhil Arora, Oakland food startup Back to the Roots hit a venture-capital jackpot of $10 million in funding. It's expanded from making/selling mushroom kits and aqua farms to making/selling cereals, snack crisps, and breakfast toppings.
Blue Bottle Coffee will be selling a $16 cup of coffee called Yemen Hayma Hussein al-Haba. At Blue Bottle shops, the drink will come with a Yemeni-inspired cardamom sesame cookie. The coffee comes to Blue Bottle from the Port of Mokha, a Yemini coffee interventionist project.
On Saturday, former 5-star recruit and 6-foot-9 power forward Marcus Lee verbally committed to transfer from the Kentucky men's basketball team to Cal. Per NCAA rules, he will sit out a year and play out his final year of eligibility with the Bears in the 2017-18 season.
Can you use an online course to fulfill r1b requirement?
Any previous transfers have advice for new transfers?
What are the Berkeley essentials that every incoming freshman should have with them?
Incoming Transfer Student Advice!
So Durant was closed the other day
I'm an incoming freshman for this upcoming Fall semester. What things to I absolutely need to see and do during the first week after moving in?
Experience with SAP appeals, anyone?
Yoojin Shin, who writes about showing and hiding privilege: "I am uncomfortable with the fact that I refused to donate my spare change to the homeless man standing outside this cafe but willingly spend $4.25 on a damn cup of coffee to wet my throat while I write about the state of homelessness."
Pitcher Daulton Jefferies has been selected with the 37th overall pick of the 2016 MLB Draft by the Oakland Athletics. Jefferies compiled a 7-0 record with a 1.08 ERA during his last year at Cal in 2016. With this pick, Jefferies is Cal’s highest drafted player since 2009.
Six years ago, 12-year-old Adora Svitak gave a TED Talk on what adults can learn from children. Today, she is an 18-year-old UC Berkeley sophomore advocating literacy, gender issues, and youth empowerment. She has published a book and has presented in front of hundreds of classrooms and conferences.
When immunologist Jim Allison began researching white blood cells in his UC Berkeley lab, he was determined to find a cure for cancer. Now, several years later, Allison has remarkably saved a 22-year-old woman's life. She had severe melanoma and 50 percent chance of survival within six months.
Major advice: CS backup plan
Berkeley's Rabbi Michael Lerner Brings Down The House At Muhammad Ali's Funeral
Where to watch the Warriors game?
Recommended to take 11 units over the summer?
How much chemistry knowledge is needed for Biology 1A?
San Francisco, UC Berkeley make pitch in Smart City Challenge... looks sweet.
Tracey Iglehart, a Rosa Parks elementary school teacher in Berkeley, did not expect Donald Trump to show up on the playground. "They said 'you'll get deported', 'you weren’t born here' and 'you were born in a Taco Bell'. They may not know exactly what it means but know it's powerful language."
Doug Hewitt and Rachel Taber will open 1951 Coffee Company, a non-profit coffee shop in Southside Berkeley, to hire refugees to bridge the gap between arrival and resettlement. 17 students from Pakistan, Afghanistan, Eritrea, Somalia, Vietnam, Burma and Guatemala did its 40 hour training program.
On June 9, Major League Baseball will be holding its 2016 draft. Spanning 40 rounds over three days, multiple Bears will be vying for a shot. Three Bears in particular hope to turn some heads: Junior Daulton Jefferies, sophomore Brett Cumberland, and Devin Pearson.
Three young assistant professors received research awards from the Pew Charitable Trusts to pursue research in cell biology, neuroscience and cancer. Gloria Brar and Michael Yartsev selected for the biomedical sciences, while Dirk Hockemeyer was selected as a Pew-Stewart Scholar for Cancer Research.
Best place in Berkeley/Oakland to watch soccer?
Question regarding work study application
"By robbing the protesters of their identity as Americans, the GOP candidate supporters are robbing the nation of an opportunity to unite as a country and proactively bring about the cultural and economic changes that all of us desire."
Question about housing as a new grad student
Rest in Peace, Serina Vine, USN, WWII veteran, Cal Class of 1956
Potential gas leak 2500 block of Durant (near Telegraph)
Major Advice: CS backup plan
Jaylen Brown's claim on a shallow position: There’s hope that Brown can be a quality wing player, one that can make the next play off of the drive-and-kick and keep the chains moving. He also has all the tools and instincts to be an all-class defender when he learns the ins-and-outs of NBA defenses.
Berkeley CS Laptop Questions
Jaylen Brown's claim on a shallow position
Got Charged $100 Summer Session Cancellation fee
My tentative course schedule for the next couple of years
How copper could help combat obesity: A study led by Chris Chang, a UC Berkeley chemistry professor and faculty scientist at Berkeley Lab's Chemical Sciences Division, has found that copper plays a key role in metabolizing fat. "The more copper there is, the more the fat is broken down."
Juan Prieto, an undocumented student to Bernie and Hillary supporters: "I don't feel I'm disappointing them when I say I can’t vote because I’m undocumented. ... Don't be with her, be with us; feel no Bern, feel our rage. Only then will we be able to trump whatever challenge might come our way. "
Alameda County saw a higher number of ballots submitted but a lower overall voter turnout than in the previous election year. Rigel Robinson, CalSERVE senator and founder of UC Berkeley Students for Bernie, said the group newly registered 1,500 UC Berkeley students to vote in the past academic year.
Cal alum Francis Sun opened Famous Bao, a Chinese-style eatery on Durant Avenue. Sun ('11 political science and media studies) had not expected to stay in Berkeley or go into the restaurant business, but looked to the food industry after the economic climate left him without a solid career path.
Does anyone have an open couch tonight? 6/8/16
Taking summer classes and everybody i know is gone for the summer anyone want to chill or do stuff?
Factors for stress in University
Math 53 and the waitlist
Re-Admitted Student with a few miscellaneous questions I can't seem to get the answer for.
A Stunning Tribute to Our Saviour. Fieri "Hurt"
Student Printing during Summer?
MCB C100A with Savage/Kuriyan or MCB 102 with Leblanc
Incoming freshman here, is Foothill really as bad as people say?
What should I do on my visit?
Summer session parking difficulty.
What are you thoughts on the 2016 election?
University of Michigan grad just moved into Berkeley for the summer. Wondering how to spend my weekdays and weekends in Berkeley. Any and all tips welcome.
mmm acme bread... xpost /r/tonightsdinner
In Berkeley, the average rent runs $3,500 a month, spread across 57 percent of households, and the average time for landlords' finding tenants is six days. The average Bay Area home sells in 22 days (24 in the San Francisco and Oakland, 20 in San Jose). 65% of San Francisco residents are renters.
Bob Dylan, fresh from winning a Grammy for The Basement Tapes Complete: The Bootleg Volume 11 for Best Historical Album, is amid a U.S. tour with his band and gospel singer and Civil Rights activist Mavis Staples to promote his new record. They will be in Berkeley at the Greek Theatre this month.
US Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein took part in a rally at the downtown Berkeley Post Office Friday whose broad stated aim was to "let voters and the Department of Justice know how to keep the public sector viable." 50 people attended the rally.
UC Berkeley biologist Mu-ming Poo has been awarded the prestigious $500,000 2016 Gruber Neuroscience Prize for work showing how the brain’s circuitry changes in response to life experiences. Poo, who was born in Nanking, China, in 1948 and raised in Taiwan, came to UC Berkeley in 2000.
Whatever happened to UrsaMajor?
Off campus housing
Can summer session students use the gym?
Is it possible to develop a social life as a commuter?
Is their anywhere to surf near Berkeley?
Confused about Lecture and Discussion Capacity?
Working at Cal Dining?
Bill Clinton will speak at Muhammad Ali's funeral. Another speaker: Rabbi Michael Lerner of Berkeley who met Ali in the 1960s as kindred opponents of the Vietnam War. They never met again. An Ali rep told him Ali admired his work as an author and editor of the Jewish progressive magazine Tikkun.
"Proponents of prohibition have blood on their hands. We demonstrate great concern regarding terrorists who reside 3,000 miles away, yet we ignore the kidnappings and beheadings occurring right at our doorstep as a result of the drug war."
Meal Plans
Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge Aaron Persky's sentencing of Brock Turner, 20, to six months in jail for raping an unconscious woman behind a dumpster outside a Stanford frat party was blasted by her. A recall effort was launched to oust Persky, who attended Stanford and Berkeley Law School.
Found this interesting. Dailycal article on legalizing pot
Alexander Huth, a Cal neuroscience postdoctoral researcher, won a prestigious early-career award for his work in decoding semantic language in the brain through the Burroughs Wellcome Fund’s Career Awards at the Scientific Interface. The award gives recipients $500,000 over a five-year period.
Found this interesting
Richard Muller, a Cal physics professor: A colleague built a device that beat roulette tables at casinos. After the wheel is spun, a measurement and computation will double winning odds. His colleague made a pocket-sized computer attached to his toes and tapped his leg, alerting him when to bet.
International students (especially Chinese students) are five times more likely to cheat than their domestic university peers
What do you need to have to have a solid chance of getting into UCB and how did you get into UCB?
What do you need to have to have a solid chance of getting into UCB?
Chance of getting into UCB
Cuonzo Martin has received a contract extension!
Free Software Inquiry
Found out I was taken off the co-op list for missing a payment. Considering living homeless for the summer. Any help?
Anyone taken THEATER 5 (public speaking class) before?
RedHot Steel Ball vs Fake Silicone Boob
Jaylen Brown's claim on a shallow position: Brown’s combination of strength and speed warrants optimism for his NBA prospects. When he ducks his head and picks up steam downhill, there’s little a backpedaling defender can do except call for help or hope he picks up a charge.
Jaylen Brown's claim on a shallow position: Brown’s combination of strength and speed warrants optimism for his NBA prospects. When he ducks his head and picks up steam downhill, there’s little a backpedaling defender can do except call for help or hope he picks up a charge.
What are some of the cleaner/quieter coops?
New intern in Berkeley. Wondering how to spend my weekday and weekends here. I would love to meet new people and play some sport too . Any recomendations would be welcome
Jasmine Tatah: If you’re not a CS major, you probably have CS friends and find yourself caught up in conversations revolving CS with either nothing to contribute or no idea of what you’re talking about. You often think you must take Computer Science 61A to feel relevant in the world of STEM today.
UCLA Rugby Loses Collegiate Rugby Championship to UC Berkeley, 31-7. UCLA had a great season by all measures. They were 17-3 in the regular season and entered the Collegiate Rugby Championship tournament as the top seed overall. Unfortunately, the three losses all came at the hands of one team: Cal.
UC Berkeley is ranked third in USA Today's top 10 U.S. colleges for women's water polo. "Berkeley is a great option for any students thanks to the strong education offered at a reasonable net price."
Midway through the Simon &amp; Garfunkel classic "The Boxer", Simon told the Greek Theatre, "I'm sorry to tell you this way, but Muhammad Ali has passed away." The stunned crowd audibly let out their grief before he resumed the 1969 song, "In the clearing stands a boxer, and a fighter by his trade."
How to pay for school
What is the best Boba spot in Berkeley
CalCentral Update: New undergraduate students: Phase I enrollment at CalSO
Incoming freshman econ/pre-haas major. Why is taking Econ 1 first semester as a freshman so advised against? Can anyone who has done so provide some input?
L&amp;S CS Freshman, Should I take Math 53 or Math 54?
Diane Shaver Clemens, professor emerita of history at University of California, Berkeley, died May 18, 2016. A specialist in United States diplomatic history, she was well known for her book Yalta. She taught at MIT where she joined with Noam Chomsky and others in anti-Vietnam War activities.
Alex Filippenko, a Cal astronomy professor, has calculated that the universe is expanding 9% faster than previously figured. If Filippenko is correct, it could mean that dark energy is increasing, the universe is more curved than theorized and Einstein's theory of relativity could be inaccurate.
Bernie Sanders Friday at the Institute for Research on Labor: "Right here at the University of California at Berkeley, I believe that in the year 2016, public colleges and universities should be tuition-free and we should lower student debt. Are these radical ideas? These are not radical ideas."
Which is better: UCLA or Berkeley? Why?
Some Questions...
Here for the summer -- any good bars / other places for meeting similarly college-aged people (18-25)?
Interning and living in Berkeley over the summer. Any particularly good bars / others places for meeting similarly college-aged people? ~(18-26)
How is 61BL?
Living in Foothills
Accessing university libraries in NYC
Can I play music in Clark Kerr?
Are we allowed to trade housing?
Moving into the Rochdale co-op next week. Where the hell am I supposed to park?
Profs. Shankar Sastry and Connie Chang-Hasnain are involved in the establishment of the Tsinghua-Berkeley Shenzhen Institute (TBSI) that will offer a new dual-degree program designed to fuel economic growth through transdisciplinary and translational research.
Extensive, but slightly outdated, writeup about dorm living at Berkeley that should answer a lot of questions for incoming freshmen
Ultimate or premium dining plan?
Questions about Clark Kerr Campus
Pro Nuclear March (xpost /r/NuclearPower)
Pro Nuclear March (xpo
How doable is CS 162 without knowing C beforehand?
Lost my i-20 and flight out of SF is on Tue. Any chance BIO is able to reprint it on such short notice?
Hunger at UC Berkeley: A Sizeable Share of Students are Financially Forced to Skip Meals
Berkeley to UCSF VA Medical Center Route?
Advice for Chem 1A?
Lonny Shavelson, a former Berkeley emergency room doctor, has become a consultant aimed at answering questions from physicians and patients about aid-in-dying — even becoming a physician to terminally ill patients seeking to die. California’s End of Life Option Act is set to take effect next week.
Blondie’s Pizza has been sold. It will expand its menu to include crepes, garlic fries and chicken wings and plans to keep signature pizzas the same. The San Francisco location of Blondie’s Pizza recently permanently closed because of an imminent public health risk caused by a cockroach infestation.
Berkeley Social Club is scheduled to open on 2050 University Ave. in August. The new restaurant will offer breakfast and lunch with a "Korean element" and dinner with a “contemporary interpretation of Korean cuisine." The previous restaurant at that location, Perdition Smokehouse, closed in October.
Sen. Bernie Sanders stopped by UC Berkeley Friday for a press-only meeting to discuss economic and trade issues. Robert Reich, former US Secretary of Labor under the Clinton administration and professor at UC Berkeley, joined Sanders for the talk, which was scheduled to start at 5 p.m.
Help Us Find Robert and Wish him a Happy Birthday! (Near the end)
W53 with Hutchings?
How long are you covered with SHIP after graduation?
Berkeley to San Jose summer commute
Cal Calling Center Job
Cory Hall and Etcheverry Hall each to open new cafes in Fall 2016 (either Share Tea, Northside or Nefeli Cafe)
"The California Assembly approved that plan on Wednesday, allowing the University of California system to restrict the number of non-Californians to 10% of total enrollment by the fall of 2022."
Dubs, Cavs, Bears and Team Kerr: A Q&amp;A with Maddy Kerr
One of the weirdest requests I've seen on Free &amp; For Sale yet
The Downtown Berkeley Association consistently hires second-chance individuals—people who are formerly homeless, recovering from addiction or have prior arrest records—through the Block by Block ambassador program, which pays employees $15 an hour, $4 above the current city minimum wage.
Philip Grant, Ireland's consul general in SF: Contrary to social media posts and a press report, students from Ireland do not face systematic discrimination when trying to rent an apartment. "There's no truth in it. If (Berkeley) were a hostile environment, the students wouldn't come here."
Cal women's crew wins NCAA Championship for 3rd time in program history. The victory was quite an accomplishment, as head coach Al Acosta finished up only his second year with the team, taking the championships by storm and finishing only three points away from a perfect score.
An Alameda County jury came back Thursday to recommend a sentence of death in the case against Darnell Williams Jr., who had already been found guilty of the killings in 2013 of a little girl at a sleepover and a man who was pleading for his life as he tried to run away.
Lakireddy who owns Raj Properties and rents 1000 apartments in Berkeley is a convicted child rapist, sex slave human trafficker, and possible murderer who lives in a mansion after only spending 8 years in jail
Rebekah Shtayfman, 25, dropped out of high school after becoming a mother at 18 and went through stints of homelessness, struggling to make a life for herself and new baby. On graduating from Cuyamaca College with a 3.8 GPA, she'll attend UC Berkeley, where she starts in the fall as a physics major.
Help Understand Berkeley Parking Laws?
Clubs or organizations active during the summer?
Advice for Freshman R&amp;C Requirement.
Does anyone have any idea as to when those attending the make-up CALSO day will be able to register under the new system?
Visiting Berkeley - Where to PARK?!? And other questions!
I'm doing a student coop for the first time this summer. What should I expect?
Slain UCLA professor allegedly stole the student's, Mainak Sarkar, computer code.
Death penalty phase of convicted murderer Darnell Williams Jr.: Prosecutor John Brouhard said he was a psychopath. Defense attorney Deborah Levy agreed with the assessment of her client as a psychopath, but said the jury could still choose to show him mercy: "Was he born that way? I don't think so."
A $10,000 grant and a $5,000 loan from The Green Initiative Fund (TGIF) will enable Sigma Chi fraternity to begin installing a solar panel system for its chapter house Wednesday making it the first Cal fraternity to harness electricity through solar energy. The installation will be completed Friday.
Sylvia Allegretto, a labor economist for UC Berkeley's Institute for Research on Labor and Employment, reveals economic trends in the Bay Area and across the U.S., including layoffs and a steady decline in investor funding that have raised fears of a possible deflating tech bubble.
On Tuesday, a World War II-era French military, training hand grenade was unearthed in a home's planter box in the 1200 block of Spruce Street. At 4pm, BPD dispatch received a report of a possible explosive device. Despite its age, it was still capable of causing injury if not properly handled.
Help Understanding Berkeley Parking Laws?
Handshake
Requesting Specific IP From AirBears2
Undergraduate Research Assistant needed (Paid Position) at Haas School of Business
Housing question about lease/occupancy
anyone getting rid of a couch?
Need some advice about I-house
Shooting at UCLA prompts campus lockdown
CalSO: Worth It or Waste of Time?
If Dirks really wants security he should just buy a glass dome
If I complete my major requirements in Fall 2017, what class does that make me?
Enrolling in classes before CalSO
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: High price of chancellor's over $700,000 fence is indefensible. "The campus’s lack of continual transparency about the mounting expenses of the project and its acceptance of the fence's astronomical price tag indicate an absence of responsibility and forethought."
ProfHire, located in downtown Berkeley at the coworking space WeWork, connects part-time faculty with universities looking to hire them. Co-founder Lesa Hammond developed the idea for the company while working in higher education HR. So far ProfHire has made at least 30 placements.
On Tuesday, Jordan Mathews — one of the Cal men’s basketball team’s best players — announced on Twitter that he will be graduating this summer and plans to play out his final year of NCAA eligibility at another school. According to CBS Sports, Gonzaga is the favorite to land the guard.
In an Al Jazeera video series called "Voices," several members of UC Berkeley's Cal Veteran Services Center reflected on the importance of Memorial Day and what it means to them. Recent social work graduate Brian Vargas and current Middle Eastern studies student Tresor Bunker share their thoughts.
Registering for Classes first time
Two Bikes Stolen in Berkeley!
ISP suggestions?
Blondie's Pizza closes SF and Berkeley locations, plans Pleasant Hill restaurant
The Housing Situation in Berkeley
How does classes registration work?
Carrot.com's berkeley chatroom will now be in the sidebar and listed as the official chatroom for us.
When is the financial aid info usually released?
Stat 134, Pitters or Nike Sun?
Transferring as a Cognitive Science major
Incoming freshman - Any advice would be appreciated, but please don't upvote
UC Berkeley featured on TotalFratMove
How difficult is it to switch majors within the college of engineering?
Can anyone tell me their experience getting in with ib program?
Irish students denied housing in Berkeley because of their nationality, a year from the balcony tragedy that killed six. "We had an apartment secured in Library Gardens, where the students were staying last year. ... He said 'Oh, sorry, are you actually Irish?'. Straight away there was an excuse."
Film Majors: What is your experience with the program? A prospective student wants to know.
Any tips for getting As on CS 70?
Any insight on these professors?: Lin Lin, Ming Gu, Nikhil Srivastava
Transferring as a Cognitive Science major
Parking at Cal
What type of teacher is John DeNero?
Trouble finding hops rhizomes
Has anyone received their acceptance letter into the Department of Economics?
I'm visiting my introverted cousin at Berkeley this September. Unfortunately, we have zero common interests. How do I show myself around town? I've never been to America before.
Is CalSo Worth it? Necessary?
IS CalSO Worth It?
Kamala Harris, California's attorney general, is running to be US Senator. Harris's parents met at Cal. After they divorced, her mother brought up Kamala and her sister, in the late '60s and early '70s, in a black neighborhood in Berkeley, sharing a house with a friend who ran a small preschool.
Cal Women's Crew: NATIONAL CHAMPIONS!
Italian R5B Course Seeking Students
Safe to walk 8 blocks down to Ashby Station for commute?
When is the best time for MCB majors to take Physics?
Is double majoring in business and computer science doable?
2016 freshmen admits hail from 55 states and U.S. territories and 90 countries. They have an average 3.91 GPA, 2093 SAT, and 31 ACT. California residents make up 65.6% of the students offered freshman admission. 78,918 applied and 13,321 were offered admission.
Does L&amp;S Computer Science accept Calculus AP Credit?
Since its inception in 1968, CalSO was intended as a space where baby Bears could learn to navigate the campus. The first student chair, Fred Peterson, most vividly remembers a panel discussion "Sex, Drugs and Rock &amp; Roll," as one of the most popular and well-attended orientation events.
Taylor Follett: Freshman Friendlessness: It's temporary. "Only nine months ago, I was convinced that I was doomed to friendlessness for my four years at Berkeley. Now, I can't wait to get back and see my friends again."
Logan Goldberg on smuggling bananas out of Crossroads. "I love the exhilaration of crime ... smuggling home a backpack loaded with bananas, eating them all at once out of some strange desire to prove the world wrong, then hiding the slippery peel evidence in an unlucky trash can."
Summer Sessions
Good place to watch the Warriors game?
Question about residence for tax purposes (graduate).
Bernie Sanders will be holding a rally in Oakland on May 30th, right next to the 12th Street Oakland BART Stop
Nicole Hemenway: Blake Wentworth, her honors thesis adviser, said she was a "gorgeous young woman" and other men in the South Asian department thought she was an "obvious target" for sexual harassment and were "jealous that such beautiful young women are always coming and going from my office".
Three men were arrested during a narcotics operation at popular restaurant Juan’s Place, which has been operating for 44-45 years. Manager Tony Mejia: His brother, a felon, did not know about the guns, which their father had bought 30 years ago from a BPD officer and had been in the safe ever since.
A new student startup called Farmcation, which grew from a Berkeley innovation course called "Eat. Think. Design," is working to connect local farmers with urbanites. It was founded by Grace Lesser, a business and public health master's student, and Caitlyn Toombs, who graduated in May with an MBA.
Stolen Item ?
Where to donate or recycle a mattress in Berkeley on short notice?
How difficult is it to change majors within the College of Letters and Science?
AMA Request for /u/jumpingpajamas
Ilaf Esuf on an encounter in Berkeley with a homeless man: His lips moved to form the word "cunt". Judging from his furrowed brows and flailing arms, he was screaming. Judging from the spit that sprayed my face, he was probably mad. I should've run away. I chose to raise my iPod's volume instead.
The Berkeley Community Chorus and Orchestra (BCCO) concludes its milestone 50th season next weekend. Radically egalitarian, creatively ambitious, and committed to offering free performances, the BCCO brings together some 220 singers, many of whom have little or no musical training.
A new 24/7 ballot drop box has been installed in downtown Berkeley for the first time. All Alameda County voters can use the box to deliver their votes. No postage is necessary for ballots placed in the drop box. It will be in service for every election, including the June 7 Presidential primary.
The fence around Chancellor Nicholas Dirks' residence — formally known as University House — was completed last month, greatly exceeding the initial budget. Costing $699,000, the fence, which began construction in August 2015, cost more than 2.5 times as much as the originally approved $270,000.
How hard is EE 16B vs EE 16A?
Waive Ship [Cheat Sheet]
Transferring as a Cognitive Science major
who will go with me to Above &amp; Beyond Berkeley Concert today?
Reaction to 1960s Berkeley protests
Transferring as a Cognitive Science Major
law school
Summer Financial Aid, and SAP
EECS at a CC hoping to transfer to Berkeley at the start of the fall 2017 semester I need some advice.
Robert Reich: Why Trump might win. "A Latina-American from Laredo, Texas, tells me she and most of her friends are for Trump because he wants to keep Mexicans out. She thinks too many Mexicans have come here illegally, making it harder for those here legally."
Jed Kolko, a senior fellow at UC Berkeley's Terner Center for Housing Innovation: The increase in rent since the recession has made it harder for millenials to move out of their parents' homes. Factors: soaring rents, the increasing average age of marriage, wage levels and rising student loans.
New York Times: A Reborn Berkeley Museum Offers Form as an Essential Fact of Existence. Berkeley Art Museum &amp; Pacific Film Archive has two user-friendly touches that should become museum trends: elevator doors printed with floor directories and an amphitheater located invitingly near the entrance.
Despite knowing he would be arrested because he was on a warrant for a parole violation, the father of a convicted murderer, Darnell Williams Sr., 49, came to court Tuesday to ask for mercy for his son, who could face the death penalty after being found guilty of gunning down two people in 2013.
Interning in downtown Oakland in a month, no longer in UC Berkeley housing. Where would be a good place to live for someone who doesn't mind commuting 45-60 minutes?
Jaylen Brown: The 2016 NBA Draft’s Renaissance man
Summer time commitment
Reaction to 1960s Berkeley protests
CS still possible, even do-able? Thanks for your time :)
Is CS still a realistic possibility, or even do-able? Thanks :)
Switching majors as an incoming transfer student (L&amp;S)
This past Tuesday, May 24, was the 150th anniversary -- the sesquicentennial -- of the selection of the name Berkeley. The private College of California trustees named it after Bishop George Berkeley after they looked out over the Golden Gate from Founders' Rock and thought of a Berkeley quote.
Taco Bell Cantina is a new urban concept the company is rolling out, and so far the only Bay Area location being planned is one near the UC Berkeley campus. It should open later this year. Cantina model: a new style of decor, localized artwork, an open kitchen, open plating and shareable dishes.
New research from UC Berkeley—based on how couples behave during conflicts—suggests outbursts of anger predict cardiovascular problems later in life. Conversely, shutting down emotionally or "stonewalling" during conflict raises the risk of musculoskeletal ailments like a bad back or stiff muscles.
Reaction about 1960s Berkeley protests
If I were to end up with a B in my college algebra community college class.. how would Berkeley/UCLA view that when its time for me to transfer?
How can I get an unofficial transcript?
UC Berkeley Extension/ UC Cross campus enrollment
Pac-12 announces series of decisions out of end of year board meetings
berkeley.edu email filtering important emails?
Frances Arnold, who received her Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1985 and is a California Institute of Technology professor, won the 2016 $1.2 million Millennium Technology Prize. Past winners include Tim Berners-Lee for inventing the World Wide Web.
bCourses new logo looks vaguely familiar
Is Freshman Edge good/useful? What classes would you recommend me to take during Freshman Edge?
David Kessler, 67, for 40 years has been a one-man assembly line cranking out sandwiches. When he's finished, Kessler totes 20 brown bag lunches stamped "Made in David's Kitchen" to UC Berkeley's Hearst Pool. He gives them to student lifeguards and other swimmers before his 6 a.m. swim.
Berkeley voters could face dueling Robin Hood tax measures. Taxing the rich to give to the poor is talk one might expect from the People's Republic of Berkeley. But soon it could be enshrined in law: Two competing measures on the city's November ballot would tax landlords to fund affordable housing.
Darnell Williams Jr., 25, a Berkeley man found guilty of two murders, who could face the death penalty, asked an Alameda County Superior Court judge Monday to dismiss the jury and make his own ruling on sentencing. "He would like the proceedings to end. The death sentence is fine with him."
Free stuff on Berkeley’s streets: Blight and/or opportunity? For artist Jim Rosenau, while he too encourages responsible discarding, the appearance of free stuff on the streets is a thrilling treasure hunt. The annual exodus of Cal students brings a dumping of furniture and other sundry possessions.
When to take CS61B?
Is CS 61B useful for MechE majors?
CS70: Blank Marriage
Has anyone taken EDUC 190?
Recommendations for setting up internet in my Berkeley apartment?
Do classes cross-enrolled at another UC count toward graduation/grade replacement?
Dear Mystery Girl, Please Come Back
Question about a grade change (clerical error)?
A short (fiction) story about eating lunch on the FSM Cafe patio.
Need gay students for a paid brainstorm session
JD Jackson, E&amp;M physicist, died 20 May
Recent feedback about Everest Properties?
URGENT: Please answer my Q regarding L&amp;S Probation
The white nationalist group Identity Evropa replaced Neo-Nazi posters taken down in Berkeley in under 24 hours. They tweeted at 4:16am: "We noticed that some triggered individual ripped down our poster. However, we are still here."
A team of scientists from UC Berkeley, UCSF and Boston College have found that triple-negative breast cancer tumors — a breast cancer subtype — rely on fat as an energy source, a discovery that has brought them one step closer to potentially developing a new type of therapy for this cancer.
Annoying admitted student question, freaking out about CalCentral.
Got into Cal and UCLA and I desperately need help deciding!!
I will pay you for your college essay ($3 per essay)
Berkeley subreddit survey
Music Minor - 140 series?
Best Math 54 Professor?
Do cross-listed classes count as a class outside of the department?
Feasibility of doing a Political Science - Computer Science Double Major?
Is Middle Eastern Studies an easy Major at UC Berkeley?
A 32-year-old man escaped injury when he was robbed at 12:15 a.m. near the east side of Cal's East Asian Library. The two suspects, described as black and in their late teens or early 20s, demanded his belongings and took the man's backpack and its contents as well as the items in the man's pockets.
The Department of Labor ruled that UC postdoctoral scholars making less than $47,476 are now qualified for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act despite a UC petition for an exemption. UC: 2,986 of 6,000 postdocs are under the threshold. Cal: Over 500 of 1,100 earn below the threshold.
Is L&amp;S W1 worth taking for an incoming freshman?
Anyone taken Theater 118AC online?
Questions about Transferring into Berkeley
Berkeley Spring 2016 Grades
How does a simultaneous degree in L&amp;S work with the unit ceiling?
"UC Berkeley's computer science department ranks behind UCSD, UCI, UCSB, and New Mexico Tech."
AMA: Former Cal undergrad now a M2 at a US allopathic medical school
Looking for a roommate/sublet for the summer
The Berkeley chapter of the NAACP sent a complaint letter alleging discrimination by the Berkeley Unified School District including lack of transparency, retaliation against Black employees who voice administrative wrongdoings and failure to investigate and address equity challenges facing students.
The Berkeley Planning Commission met Wednesday evening to discuss an amendment that would raise the number of legally allowed medical marijuana dispensaries in the city from four to six.
UC Berkeley CS professor Pieter Abbeel was honored with a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), the highest honor for young scientists and engineers. He was awarded for his contribution in machine learning and robotic perception and manipulation of objects.
Just got a court citation + misdemeanor
Anyone else having problems waiving SHIP?
Applied Math and CS
Summer sports
Paintball CO2 Refills
UC Berkeley Self-Control Study
Need gay students for a paid brainstorm session
Female UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted in parking lot
Beekeley grad
What's the process for signing up for Chinese 1X?
Graduate Student Housing
Hello summer: the best time to live in Berkeley
Ida Jackson Graduate Student Housing
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: "If UC were to truly try make efforts to alleviate some of the pressure from undocumented students, it would be better off funnelling money toward grant programs — a solution guaranteed to not entrench undocumented students in debt and further add to their burdens."
President Barack Obama on Thursday awarded two Cal professors the National Medal of Technology and Innovation. Chenming Hu of EECS developed the FinFET, a transistor used in modern computer processors. Paul Alivisatos, researched the production of nanocrystals and their use in solar energy apps.
Willard Middle School in Berkeley is in its second year of partnering with Josephine to make and sell hundreds of meals every month — with some adult supervision. The student-run operation sells about 200 meals one day each month. The partnership brought the school more than $30,000 in revenue.
This spring, students enrolled in René Davids' multidisciplinary seminar at UC Berkeley's Department of Architecture, ARCH 109/209, designed and built a pedestrian bridge for the upper portion of Blackberry Creek, one of the most attractive natural features in John Hinkel Park.
Changing colleges after transfer
Double Majoring in Statistics or Taking CS classes
Difference between Psych 1 and Psych 2?
Double Major in Stat or Take CS Classes?
Good GPA for CS/Finance
When to start looking for Fall apartments?
What are the facilities that summer session students can access?
Hillary Clinton Narrowly Wins Kentucky Amid Allegations Of Election Fraud: Five Things Readers Need To Know As Culprits Are Still At Large
Dating at Cal - worth it?
3 vs 4 bedroom apartments?
Double Major in Stat or Take More CS classes?
Borrow/Buy Blue Graduation Stole
WHERE TO VOTE EARLY AND IN PERSON IN EACH COUNTY IN CALIFORNIA
To CS, or not to CS? That is my question.
Parking at Berkeley: What are my options for parking my car anywhere near the campus?
Bernie Sanders announces second Bay Area rally in San Jose this week
Local vegan bakery Cinnaholic, which opened its flagship store across from campus in 2010, plans to open nine new shop locations in San Diego, Arizona and Colorado. It gained national attention and $200,000 in May 2014, when owners Florian and Shannon Radke appeared on the ABC TV show 'Shark Tank'.
Paul Monge, a Berkeley Law student, has been nominated to serve as student regent for 2017-18. Monge graduated with a dual bachelor’s in sociology and global studies from UC Santa Barbara, and earned a master’s in public policy from Harvard. He is expected to complete his J.D. in May 2018.
Charlie Moore, a four-star point guard recruit and Illinois' most recent Mr. Basketball, committed to the Cal basketball team. He excels offensively despite being undersized. At 5-feet-11-inches and 160 pounds, he has an impressive outside shot and regularly whips creative passes around the court.
Berkeley Police arrested two Berkeley men after an incident 7am Wednesday at Bancroft and Allston Way in which a victim was robbed at gunpoint, forced into a bathroom in his own home with the suspect, and then had his car stolen. Police arrested Joseph Anthony Skyler and found a puppy in the car.
On Sunday, May 15, 2016 at 2:29 p.m. a sexual assault occurred in the Oxford Parking Lot at the corner of Hearst and Oxford. The victim, a female student, was walking through the lot when she was grabbed and sexually assaulted by a male suspect. No suspect description available at this time.
Life after CogSci
Double Major in Statistics or Take CS 61A?
Unsure if I should retake CS61B or not
Davis Webb, Texas Tech quarterback, graduate transfers to Cal football - Projected to be the #1 senior QB in the 2017 NFL draft.
Courses Registration
Taking CS61BL over the summer, best way to prepare?
Himalayan Fair - Live Oak Park - May 21, 22
Has anyone taken EDUC 190?
How this New Jersey teen earned $500,000 in college scholarships — with a little help from mom
do you like medieval music?
Did anyone take cs61a and do the hog project?
Overwhelmed with the number of classes here...any recommendations for an easy American Cultures classes this Fall?
16,000 bees had swarmed onto the Berkeley High School campus. Freshman Cole Huster and his mother Karen Lowhurst, run an informal business, Locole North Berkeley Honey, selling the honey they harvest to friends. They saved the day by cutting the branch holding the swarm and shaking them into a box.
On Monday, May 16, 2016 an armed robbery at 10:10 p.m. at Signpost 14 on Grizzly Peak. The two victims, a male student and a male friend, were standing outside of their vehicle when they were approached by two suspects holding hand guns who demanded the victims’ property. The victims complied.
A shooting in San Pablo Park in Berkeley Tuesday at around 11 a.m. resulted in one victim. The victim, a young man estimated to be in his 20s, was shot multiple times and was transported to a local hospital. His condition is unknown. There have been 12 shootings in Berkeley in 2016 so far.
Peter Berkowitz: An Assault on Due Process at UC Berkeley. "Having omitted in communications with Choudhry the slightest indication he would be subject to a second round of proceedings for the same offense, Berkeley cannot nine months after settlement legitimately re-litigate Sorrell's complaint."
Overdue notice for a library book that I returned.
Looking to apply for grad school at Berkeley - Any English majors/graduate students available to answer some questions?
signed up for summer class not many people have signed up so far like less than 7 people; is it possible that classes get cancelled
Would I be able to get into Berkeley for the MA in statistics?
Econ 101a without Math 53?
Bernie Sanders Rallies tomorrow in San Jose at 10am, Vallejo at 4pm
How strict are they on the prereqs for some of the junior level ME classes? Can I take the prereqs concurrently?
Looking for 3DS owners to play with - particularly Monster Hunters!
Summer Chem 3A/L + Anthro R5B?
CogSci Major at Berkeley
Questions Regarding the CS61 Series
Got accepted here, bought some Berk gear and now idk what to do...
How is living in university student family housing - Albany area
Women Build, a Berkeley construction training program run by nonprofit Rising Sun Energy Center, graduated its first class of 19 women earlier this month. Women Build helps women embark on careers in trades unions, construction, renewable energy, solar energy, and energy efficiency.
After sitting vacant for close to a year, the former location of Telegraph Avenue bookstore Shakespeare &amp; Co. will see new light. Starting in June, Romeo’s Coffee will begin to take shape. Its name was serendipitous, said owner Dino Micheletti, who said it revolves around "lovers of coffee".
Actor Berwick Haynes rammed Cal scientist Megan Schwarzman with his car on Fulton Street near Bancroft Way about 5 p.m. May 2 as she rode her bike home. Berkeley police suspected Haynes was under the influence of marijuana. A warrant was issued May 2 and they've not found Haynes or heard from him.
UC Berkeley took home the #SleepRevolution College Tour's top prize Saturday, winning a MetroNaps EnergyPod, which retails for $13,000. Cal submitted the winning photo in Arianna Huffington's competition. Their unbeatable entry? Three sleepy Golden Bears (including Oski) hibernating in the library.
Question about calculating prerequisite GPA for MCB declaration.
Is CS189 still hard to get into?
It's been over 2 months since the subreddit layout was changed. Do you still like it? Should someone else be given a chance to change the layout? Or should there be a contest to submit designs for popular vote?
How difficult is it to transfer from L&amp;S into Haas?
Apartment room available, Looking for subletters, and fall roommates.
Things to do in the summer in Berkeley?
Things to do in the summer in Berkeley?
SHIP Waiver Cheat Sheet?
Oops. Just moved into an apartment with two prong plugs
My major is Econ. Can I minor Accounting ?
Incoming out of state freshman with questions!
possible to rent a couch to sleep overnight?
14 formerly incarcerated Cal graduates were honored at the first ever graduation ceremony for formerly incarcerated students Sunday. David Maldonado, 40, served the last of his prison sentences 8 years ago. He earned a BA in Chicano studies and an MA in education and plans to get a Cal doctorate.
On May 6, 2016, white nationalist Richard Spencer and others arrived at UC Berkeley and started to live-stream and hold signs. When their gathering was disrupted (briefly twice), they waved at the police (who were stationed around the plaza watching the entire event) to come over and back them up.
BPD is seeking the public’s assistance in locating Jimmy Shu, an at risk 58-year-old man who went missing Saturday evening. He was last seen on Sacramento Street wearing a black shirt and blue jeans. He is six feet tall, 185 pounds and drives a silver Toyota Sienna van with license plate 5RZR030.
Do grades from classes taken over summer at community college transfer?
Borrowing music books
Does anyone have CS70 webcasted videos?
Tara Zoumer, who made $42,000, was fired from her associate community manager job at WeWork in Berkeley after she refused to sign a policy requiring employees to settle workplace disputes through arbitration. She said her duties were more suited to an hourly wage with the possibility of overtime.
Need to desperately drop a class. Should I go to the Dean or apply for retroactive withdrawal?
Should I go to the Dean for a late drop, or apply for retroactive withdrawal?
Day Rave today @ MLK Jr. Civic Center Park
Can anyone look at the courses offered at FPF SF and recommend some for me? [Link and Plan Schedule Provided]
Can someone comment on the L&amp;S Foreign Language Requirement?
UC Berkeley’s $700,000 fence keeps protesters at bay
Missing Person: Please help us locate a family member who's been missing since 5PM PST (May 14). Driving a silver Toyota Sienna (plate: 5rze030). Name goes by Jimmy, middle-aged. Any info will help. Thank you.
RSF
Those famously cute campus squirrels have a sign to show us humans when they're not having a good day. Lead researcher and Berkeley psychology doctoral student Mikel Delgado realized the squirrels could show emotion through the movement of their tails, arcing and swishing them to signal displeasure.
Sheryl Sandberg made an emotional appeal for resilience and gratitude in her commencement speech to Berkeley's Class of 2016, where she spoke about her husband Dave Goldberg's sudden 2015 death publicly for the first time. She is the chief operating officer at Facebook and the author of "Lean In".
Thoughts on FPF San Francisco?
Erica Meister's 2016 Cal college admission essay (she is attending Stanford): "The more enterprising students of Northville High School specialize in the selling of three goods: marijuana, Adderall and test answers." If trouble ensues, she added, "our fathers can cover us with cash and connections."
I guess they didn't screen speeches before graduation
Physics 7A over the summer
Sheryl Sandberg is dope
Livestream of University of California, Berkeley Commencement Convocation 2016
UC Berkeley defense mechanisms
Any chance at all of getting in?
Anyone else hear ambient/electronic music this morning (Saturday) floating through the air?
Transfer student worried about Housing
Question about housing
Where can I sell my car in Berkeley?
After nearly losing his life in 2007 from gunshot wounds, Iraq War veteran and UC Berkeley social work student Brian Vargas will walk the stage Saturday at commencement after overcoming depression and feelings of suicide. Vargas: "I'll forever be a Bear, just as much as I'll forever be a Marine."
2016 Pulitzer Prize-winning Cal alumnus Viet Thanh Nguyen: "When I came here as a tourist before I applied, I walked down Telegraph Avenue and it felt like home to me. And coming here my first semester and taking classes here was like being hit by intellectual lightning. I was utterly transformed."
A state legislative subcommittee unanimously passed a plan Tuesday to increase UC resident enrollment by 30,000 students over the next six years. The plan would increase enrollment by 5,000 new California students per year and also cap nonresident enrollment at 10 percent of total UC enrollment.
The Cal Band launches a tour of China and Japan next week near the Great Wall for a few of its traditional musical productions. Director Robert Calonico: selections won't include musicians deemed unacceptable by Chinese authorities, such as Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, the Backstreet Boys or Beyoncé.
Flexibility At Berkeley?
Admitted off of waitlist to San Francisco Fall Program for Freshman. Wondering what courses to take as a CS major.
Why Cal?
Sahai Can Show You the World
University of California to Spend Over $8 Million on Illegal Immigrant Students
Goff's Wikipedia page picture is... flattering
Questions about Berkeley
Taco Bell Cantina going in next to La Burrita
Where can I donate food around Southside?
Recently decided that I was female, can I use women's restrooms?
Looking for summer session A buddies.
Looking for a roommate/sublet for the summer
L&amp;S CS Major with no AP credits... which courses should I try to avoid/skip?
No AP credits... which courses should I try to avoid? L&amp;S CS major.
Queer friendly tailor in the area?
Doable first semester?
Forgot to turn in dorm key - what do I do?
I am an incoming EECS freshman to Berkeley. Should I skip Math 1B?
A "protected" bike lane was completed on Fulton Street after Cal scientist and new mother Megan Schwarzman was nearly killed while cycling nearby. Driver Berwick Haynes had bought medical marijuana from the Berkeley Patients Group dispensary shortly before the crash and has been charged with DUI.
For 100 years, the small John Muir Elementary School in the mock Tudor building at the top of Claremont Avenue has educated the students of Berkeley. It hosted the first integrated classrooms in Berkeley Unified School District in 1969. It is marking its centennial with two days of activities.
Laura Richardson (then Laura Hausman) was profiled in Newsweek in 1966 as a teen in Berkeley who cared about civil rights, legalizing homosexuality, ending the Vietnam war and legalizing marijuana. 50 years later, today she says, "I'm as radical as I've ever been."
Section 8 renter Monica Ferguson's landlord Susan Carrodus wanted Ferguson out. Carrodus stopped making repairs to a house city inspectors now have deemed uninhabitable (rats and mold). Ferguson will lose her Section 8 voucher May 31 if she cannot find a place to stay for her and her daughter, 16.
Anyone in American Studies C111E / English C136 know where the final is tomorrow? Desperate to know
Anyone in American Studies C111E / English C136 know where the final will be held? Desperate to know!
Why Cal?
Anyone in American Studies C111E / English C136 know where the final will be held? Very desperate
If you don't meet the minimum GPA requirement to declare CS as your major, can you retake one of the classes you had a lower GPA in to raise your average?
Help finding housing for summer?
Waitlisted for summer classes?
"No, Everyone Doesn’t Hate Guy Fieri (But It Can Seem That Way)" -- I know a place where everyone loves Guy Fieri
Berkeley / UCLA dilemma
Math 53 Final
Where to get suits/blazers and pants that FIT?
Quick way to release your stress
Cal's Labor Center: One-third of families from frontline manufacturing production workers are enrolled in a government safety-net program, costing state and local governments $10 billion a year. Ken Jacobs: "The new production jobs are less likely to be union and more likely to be low wages."
In a move toward greater transparency, arrest and booking data will henceforth be available online, the result of a collaboration between the Berkeley Police Department and the city's IT Department. The open data portal will enable the public to look at arrest and booking data over a 30-day period.
Oakland-based food startup Josephine announced it would be pausing cooking operations in Alameda County. The decision was made after cooks working for the company were served with cease-and-desist orders threatening (misdemeanor) jail-time for illegal food sales by environmental health regulators.
Janet Napolitano announced a three-year commitment of $8.4 million/yr for undocumented students. ASUC senator and undocumented student Benyamin Mohd Yusof was concerned about the $5 million DREAM Loan Program: "it's essential to prioritize financial resources through grants, rather than loans."
Claude Steele Acknowledges in a Letter to the Community That He Made the Wrong Call For Law School Dean
TIL: 2007 Scripps Spelling Bee Winner Evan O'Dorney, whose awkward interview on CNN went viral, attended UC Berkeley to study mathematics
Where do people get weed?
Foreign Language Requirements for a Transfer
Man robbed at gunpoint in City Hall by Berkeley teen
Berkeley CS / economics dilemma
Berkeley is number 1 - Top 50 Colleges With The Most Stressed Out Student Bodies
Easiest classes to satisfy requirements?
Meet the Hong Kong academics fighting to safeguard the Cantonese language - Scholars at Chinese University and the Berkeley are promoting the study and use of Cantonese at a time when many in Hong Kong may feel resigned to the dominance of Putonghua
UC Regents keeping sex harassment discussion secret may violate law, experts say
Where is this wall? All I know is it's near campus. Thanks!
Dajanaye Adrow-Hubbard found out she was pregnant with Marius as a high school senior. At 17, her boyfriend and the baby's father was shot and killed at a party. At 18 she started at Cal's Summer Bridge and contacted the Student Parent Center. She is graduating with a bachelor’s degree in sociology.
Should I take Math 53 or Math 54?
A 20-year-old white male was the victim of a strong-arm robbery Sunday morning at 4 a.m. on Channing Way and Ellsworth Street. He was approached by three bulky 5-foot-10 males in hoodies who stole his backpack after he tried to run away. The victim was not physically injured during the encounter.
Nicholas Dirks: "Our ultimate goal is to achieve a balanced budget by 2019-20 and we estimate that the cumulative effect of our present efforts, along with assistance we are receiving from the UCOP on restructuring our debt, will reduce our deficit by approximately $85 million by June 2017."
Fox squirrels flick their tails when they can't get a nut like humans kick a malfunctioning vending machine. Lead author Mikel Delgado, a Cal psychology grad student, tracked 22 campus fox squirrels, having them puzzle their way into various open and locked containers to get to nuts or grains.
Financial aid troubles.
Does anyone know anything about the Satisfactory Academic Progress evaluation for financial aid?
Visa status for internship
Berkeley or Cornell for premed
Just got off the Berkeley waitlist for 2016, have a few questions?
Chances of getting a spot in the co-ops for the Fall as a transfer student?
Is the RSF open for the summer and can students still go without paying?
GSI mailboxes for the History department?
CS61B Study Guide - please contribute
"Hi, this is the Bernie 2016 campaign. Come to Sproul Plaza on Thursday at 6pm for a special celebrity voter registration drive! Spread the word!" Anyone know who the celebrity is?
Hi, this is the Bernie 2016 campaign. Come to Sproul Plaza on Thursday at 6pm for a special celebrity voter registration drive! Spread the word!
Math major wait list for summer courses?
Low Premed GPA....
Laptop for Chem major?
Nicholas Dirks: "We are nearing the close of a challenging, but important year in Cal's history. We need to be sure that our spending, investment and revenue-producing decisions are driven by a detailed vision of who we want and need to be as a university ten, twenty, even thirty years from now."
Harini Shyamsundar: The next time you can influence something, take a moment and reevaluate. The drunken, bitter voicemail you leave your ex could become the poisonous cherry on top of their already difficult day. The "thank you" you to your bus driver could be a ray of sunshine in a dreary morning.
US Department of Justice warned the city of Berkeley that a lawsuit could be coming over the city's "interference" with USPS plans to sell its downtown post office. The city’s downtown historic overlay, which restricts a nine-parcel section of the downtown to civic, non-profit uses, is the issue.
Frank Paul Watson entered "no contest" pleas after beating with a metal bat two UC Berkeley students at Zeta Psi. During the preliminary hearing, defense attorney Francisco Karwash emphasized the different races of the "outsider" teens and Watson (all black) and the fraternity members (all white).
"Obtain a 2.0 GPA in all courses required for this major". Does this mean a 'D' in a required course is cool, or that they want you to get at least a C in all classes?
"Obtain a 2.0 GPA in all courses required for this major". Does this mean a 'D' in a required course is cool, or that they want you to get at least a C in all classes?
Is Dirks a bad chancellor?
Claire Chiara, a campus senior and aspiring Republican politician, will run against Democratic incumbent Tony Thurmond in the 2016 state California State Assembly District 15 primary elections. Chiara's platforms: halt new taxes on state businesses and provide equal opportunities to all students.
Southside basement dwellers: flooding alert!
Accepted as a transfer from CC but turned in FAFSA late.
Catherine Straus on beer pong: "tossing light plastic balls, usually used for exercising purposes, red bowl-shaped containers traditionally made to hold their usual ferment brew"
Berkeley Student Coop - When Do You Known You're In?
Do you have a question about finals, grades, or concerns about school in general? Post here if you don't want to or can't make a separate thread.
The UC Office of the President has appointed Melinda Haag, a former U.S. attorney for the Northern District of California and current San Francisco attorney, to lead an independent investigation into Linda Katehi’s administrative and executive decisions as chancellor of UC Davis.
Nicholas Dirks announced sweeping changes to two major cost-cutting efforts: the dissolution of the recently created Office of Strategic Initiatives and the need for significant changes to Campus Shared Services. Multiple faculty members voiced their disapproval of his performance as chancellor.
Austin Isaacsohn: "We as a country have developed cold feet in the economic compensation of our most valuable workers." My friend's mom graduated as UCLA valedictorian and graduated from UCSF medical school with $300,000 in debt. She couldn't find a job. And K-12 teachers live off about $54,000/yr.
Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton spoke at La Escuelita Elementary School in Oakland Friday about topics ranging from the gender pay gap to college tuition. The gym was filled to capacity with Bay Area residents, including several UC Berkeley students, who came to demonstrate support.
On track to get a C- in Math 1B, how fucked am I?
Is there any rule that says a transfer can't take 3 years to finish (CoE)?
Financial aid offer: Will it change if I update my fafsa to say that I will be living off campus?
Youtuber Girl on Finals Week at UC Berkeley
Do all the apartments (Wada, Channing, Martinez) have multiple individual bedrooms or are the bedrooms shared?
EECS is Love, EECS is life
Tired from studying? I made a game to see how well you know Berkeley!
You can't win at Berkeley
"Change we must believe in" -- Berkeley scholars dig into the past, present, and future of Earth's climate
From Berkeley To Berklee: Rita Moreno, 81, North Berkeley resident and actress in 1961 film West Side Story, showed off her rapping skills while delivering commencement speech at Boston's Berklee College of Music, telling graduates they "must have the audacity, the pluck, the grit, the perspicacity"
The history of commencement. The first senior gift was given in 1874, when students raised $48.10. 1961 class gift: $900 "to be used in the name of President Emeritus Robert Gordon Sproul for a 'worthwhile cause.'" Today, the Senior Gift Campaign is hoping to donate $100,000 to the campus.
Six professors were elected to the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), one of the nation's most prestigious scientific societies: Steven Evans (math/statistics), Susan Marqusee (MCB), Ian Agol (math), Robert Glaeser (MCB), Krishna Niyogi (plant and microbial biology), and Peidong Yang (chemistry).
Embattled UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks and his wife have agreed to buy Alice Walker's $2.65 million home in the Berkeley hills. They have no plans to move out of the free chancellor's campus mansion. They are thinking long term and plan to move there once Dirks' tenure as chancellor ends.
UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks' wife Janaki Bakhle, a South Asian history professor at Cal, will take a one-year sabbatical at Stanford Humanities Center to pursue a writing fellowship.
Desperate Girl Seeking A Homie! English 117s?? Shakespeare?? Help meh pls!
CC Transfer Students in EECS, besides good grades, what else did you have that helped you get accepted?
Joint major (ChemE and MatSci)
Rugby just won the National Championship!
Greek theater sex
Why is Berkeley a good school?
Elections
cheating in cs61b
Sahai fallout 4
Akshay Balwani: "Today's job market for college students focuses very heavily on highly technical jobs ... Most American universities still lack educational programs that allow students to combine their passion with skills that are most demanded in the workplace."
Darnell Williams Jr. was found guilty of murdering an 8-year-old girl at a sleepover and a 22-year-old Berkeley father. The jury is set to return May 16 to consider the sentence in the case. This is the first time since Nancy O’Malley took office in 2009 that her office has sought the death penalty.
As UC Berkeley begins to lay off 30 employees as part of an effort to erase a $150 million budget deficit, unions are pushing back, saying campus leaders — not workers or students — should pay for budget missteps. The campus has said it expects to cut about 500 non-faculty jobs in the coming years.
As UC Berkeley begins to lay off 30 employees as part of an effort to erase a $150 million budget deficit, unions are pushing back, saying campus leaders — not workers or students — should pay for budget missteps. The campus has said it expects to cut about 500 non-faculty jobs in the coming years.
Unpledge CALPIRG
A Cal Alum's Perspective on Post-Grad Life: What Every College Graduate Should Know About Pursuing Their Dreams
Desperate Girl Seeking A Homie! English 117s?? Shakespeare?? Help meh pls!
Mad decent block party lineup
The Berkeley Forum: Angus King is the junior United States senator from Maine and, along with Bernie Sanders, one of only two independents in the Senate. King served as governor of Maine from 1995 to 2003. He will be speaking at Anna Head Alumnae Hall today, May 6, 2016, at 5pm.
Daily Cal on the Naked Run: "The atmosphere of the crowd wasn’t excitement in the face of a bold, counter-culture 'f*ck you' to the administration, but rather excitement at the prospect of putting videos of naked butts on their Snapchat stories."
Games of Berkeley is moving to Telegraph and Durant
Should I be studying here?
Neo-Nazis Meeting Today at Sprould Plaza at the UC Berkeley, Come Counter Protest!
Parking in Berkeley?
Transfer student accepted into UCB and UCI (CS major) - Advice?
Is there a map of which buildings in Berkeley are earthquake-ready/retrofitted? What about a single liquefaction map?
Campus Organizations Summer Events
Should I major in Psych and minor in Art Practice?
Virgie Hoban: "For four years, my heart has been a helium balloon and Berkeley a storm of 1,000 winds. Now, with graduation two seconds away, I can’t help but wonder where it’s traveled to."
61C registration
Jason Chen: "For my four years in college, I have felt as if I’ve been trapped on a moving conveyor belt. My parents, my teachers, my peers are just workers on an assembly line, which is supposed to slowly sculpt me into a finished product: ready for 9-5s, board meetings and dreadful commutes."
Karen Lin: "For the past four years, whenever I told other adults what I was majoring in, I braced for the disapproving look that scorned me for wasting precious time and tuition money on such frivolous humanities degrees (comparative literature, music)." She took CS61A and worshipped John DeNero.
UC Berkeley won recognition as one of the "elite six" world universities in the newly released 2016 reputation rankings by the Times Higher Education. Berkeley ranked sixth with a score of 62.7 overall, far ahead of the next ranked university, Princeton, which scored 38.1.
UC Berkeley will no longer include a box for on-campus job applications requiring applicants to disclose their criminal history. Clarence Ford, a Cal senior, described his job search following his release from prison in 2011 as a "demoralizing process" because of the box's required disclosure.
A rare well-written/thought out Daily Cal article!
Seen while hiking in the fire trails
UC Berkeley Grad Student Parents are Struggling
War wounds lead graduating veteran to new mission
An Alt Right Safe Space - Conversation about race - Sproul Plaza this Friday 3PM - All are invited
California raises smoking age to 21 starting in June
Are alternate exams (given next day due to conflict) normally exactly the same as the original one?
"unexpectedly large number of plagiarism cases on project 3" - 61B
What is the transfer event this Saturday about?
The Top 10 College Towns in California
Parking in Berkeley?
[Serious - Please read] Nation-wide Cultural exchange with /r/iranian date set: June 11th-18th. This is an invitation. Details below.
Berkeley council placed a second minimum wage initiative on November ballot to $15 by 2019. Many feel the move is designed to sabotage the first one, which increases the minimum wage to $15 by 2017, and increases it 3 percent/yr plus inflation until it reaches the living wage (currently $16.37/hr).
Death penalty case: Two witnesses, including his own 7-year-old nephew, identified Darnell Williams Jr. as shooting Anthony "Tone" Medearis III in the back. He'd been running and pleading for mercy. Prosecutor John Brouhard: "In this group, in this environment, you get credit for killing snitches."
Akhila Raju: How My Disability Helped Me Thrive at UC Berkeley Computer Science. CS10 was where I learned CS was my calling. After taking a long break from the pre-reqs, failing one of them (one professor failed a third of the class), I declared CS this January in the last semester of my undergrad.
How was you experience in ME 191K?
WatchDog, a website I made that watches your laptop while you're away in a public area and notifies you of any suspicious activity
NDN Superstore - Supplement Warehouse
Incoming transfer, should I declare my major before Fall semester?
What is this? Whatever it is it hits too close to home...
Transfer Conditional Admittance
Do the cooperatives offer any sort of storage?
Missing your yellow notebook? It's at the Sather Gate post office.
Berkeley University Village - Two months ahead
Deadline to update fafsa?
Boxes
Best Places for Web Interview
Berkeley Unified School District has the highest white-black achievement gap in the nation (see p.50 of PDF)
Declaring majors as a transfer student
The Cal softball team demolished Stanford by securing a three-game series sweep. With the playoffs quickly approaching, the Bears found victories just when they needed them the most. This was also the Bears' fifth straight win, as they swept UC Davis in a doubleheader before facing Stanford.
like free weed?
Nervous Incoming Transfer for Fall 2016.
How valuable is an EECS degree from UC Berkeley? Should I wait another year to transfer?
Getting to SFO from Berkeley at 4am. Easy to get an Uber ride?
Gifts for Surveys. Real or Fake?
Admitted EECS Transfer Student
Currently transferring as a CogSci major, interested in double majoring in CS
Currently transferring as a CogSci major, interested in double majoring in CS
Greek life and CS
The University of California Police Department is offering a $10,000 reward for information on the murder of Alberto Santana-Silva, a 21-year-old Fremont student who was shot and killed after he intervened in an argument between two groups of strangers on Grizzly Peak Boulevard three years ago.
An Emerson Elementary student in Berkeley found a loaded gun and took it to school Monday. Staff took possession of the gun and called police to turn it in. The school is located at 2800 Forest Ave. in the Elmwood neighborhood, near Piedmont Avenue and the UC Berkeley campus.
After four weeks in trial, with 13 days of testimony and 36 witnesses, prosecutor John Brouhard began closing arguments Monday in the double homicide case that could result in the death penalty for Darnell Williams Jr. if the jury finds him guilty. 8-year-old 'Alaysha saw her killer' and he saw her.
The University Medalist Kaavya Valiveti is Berkeley's top graduating senior with a 3.99 GPA. As one of those rare millennials who shies away from social media, Valiveti shudders at the prospect of making a commencement speech. She feels most at home at a chalkboard solving linear algebra problems.
Incoming transfer student for Spring 2017
Will Berkeley rescind me?
What's the process for housing (transfer student)?
Email from 61B about academic dishonesty?
Take a 5 Min Survey on Affirmative Action and get a chance to win a $25 Amazon gift card! Please help out a fellow bear with my education class project:)
Call for Articles (open to Berkeley people) for new site on politics, literature, political science, and political philosophy...
Transferring to Berkeley Engineering?
Transferring to Berkeley Engineering?
Transfer housing options?
Art Transfer Student
Is it possible to switch from Psychology to Economics major as an incoming transfer?
Film at Berkeley
How do you change a section in the new CalCentral system?
Depression. Anybody else?
You can get Paid to reduce you energy use all you need to do is sign up with you PG&amp;E account. Plus just by signing up you get $20
Cognitive Science / Psychology majors vs UC Santa Cruz
Cognitive Science / Psychology Major vs UC Santa Cruz?
What should I Phase I?
One year after an accidental fire devastated Giovanni Restaurant, the local Italian eatery is planning to reopen this fall. Two Berkeley alumni — Nathan George, a local developer, and Xin Jin, an entrepreneur specializing in start-up companies — have partnered to revitalize the restaurant.
Dario Lambur-Castillo, a worker at a Berkeley home, was charged with four felony sex crimes after the cleaning woman's child said he touched her inappropriately. She said the 'man in the hat' just touched her vagina and buttocks and had put his penis in her mouth the prior day and one other time.
UC Berkeley will invest $2.5 million into improving its response to sexual harassment and sexual violence. It plans to add seven new positions to the Office of Student Conduct and the campus human resources department to expand support for managing complaints that result in policy violations.
A confidential investigation found William De La Pena, UC Board of Regents member, violated conflict of interest rules when he attempted to make a financially beneficial deal involving his eye clinics and UCLA. He asked David Feinberg, the UCLA hospital system former CEO, to purchase his clinics.
Got admitted as a transfer and need your opinion
Berkeley transfer student here
Admitted to Cal and UCLA! What to do?!?!
Subletting prohibited on lease
Concerns from a recently Admitted Transfer Student
The r/Berkeley Chatroom — Public Debut
WAITLIST NEEDS YOUR HELP
Should I get MacBook or Windows+Linux for CS?
Depressed in Berkeley
The Race for State Senate District 9 Is Leaning Left
Demystifying the co-ops. Available to any post-secondary student, the BSC is the largest housing cooperative in the country, with three apartment complexes and 17 houses ranging from 17 to 140 residents. A boarder can participate in social events and a certain number of meals per week.
Several Berkeley Student Cooperative members will be forced to seek alternative housing next fall due to changes in the cooperative's online enrollment and registration system. Some students faulted the new registration system's shorter deadlines and poor design for losing their housing.
Catherine Straus on anxiety: This semester "my mom called to share she had an ovarian tumor and my grandparents had decided to no longer support my schooling. My ex-boyfriend held the trashcan in front of me when I felt nauseous and sang duets with me in the shower in order to keep me from crying."
Days Since Last Reported Crime Incident
What are the safer parts of Oakland? Where should I avoid?
WAITLIST NEEDS YOUR HELP
Wada or Channing-Bowditch?
Went to the fire trails, took a picture, and threw on the logo
UC Berkeley Bioengineering transfer vs. UCSD NanoEngineering transfer
Which of these classes need Phase 1?
UCSB Or Cal??
Should I expect rescindment of my application to Berkeley because of this?
Demetris Robertson, #1 football athlete in the nation for 2016, picks Cal. Will be on campus this fall
Demetris Robertson, 5 star recruit, commits to Cal!
Does anybody have experience with owning a motorcycle or Vespa-type scooter on campus?
How do I login to Jstor?
Professional DJ here - looking to play in Berkeley tonight! (Free)
Hope everyone is enjoying the beautiful weekend!
Looking for advice from people who own scooters at cal!
Considering transferring to Cal as a Junior from the University of Missouri
Incoming transfer student
Anon on the EECS Life
PSA: Fraternity people throwing bottles, water balloons off roof
Housing in Ida Jackson or Manville
Transferring to Berkeley Engineering?
Question about choosing classes for next semester in EECS
When senioritis hits wayyyy too fucking hard
Will I be rescinded?????
1) Is there anything I can do to salvage my transfer admission? and 2) Is it even worth it?
[Event TODAY] Berkeley Builds
Housing advice for an incoming [married] transfer student?
Cal football team reacts to Jared Goff going #1 in the draft
Parking ticket to non-student
Breaking into memorial stadium at night
Rodney Folz, 22, a Cal rhetoric major did a survey on internship compensation to inform fellow students so they feel empowered to ask for even more. 2012: He earned $4,800/month at Facebook. 2013: $8,800/month at Pinterest. Intern median monthly base: $6,800. Median worker's salary: $3,600/month.
The median monthly base salary for an engineering-focused summer intern at some of the big technology companies is $6,800. Annualized, that's $81,600 a year, according to data collected by Rodney Folz, a former Berkeley student and soon-to-be Yelp intern. The national wage index is $46,481.52.
Madeline Dyer: "My failure to question my conservatism was merely a matter of never having the courage to express my views on this campus. Though I think mine is the voice of reason, for the past few years, I hesitated to speak up for what I believed in. Writing for the Daily Cal has changed that."
Berkeley officials this week adopted the strongest response yet to states that have enacted LGBT discriminatory laws (North Carolina and Mississippi). In addition to banning taxpayer-funded travel, Berkeley will now prohibit city agencies from entering into contracts with companies in those states.
The hot new address for a tech startup these days is not in Palo Alto or SF. Try Shattuck Avenue in Berkeley. Berkeley companies, in over 77 deals, received more than $400 million. In 2010, Berkeley officials counted 100 startups in a five-block radius of UC Berkeley's campus. Now Berkeley has 300.
Another set of hiring signs has Berkeley workers upset. Two signs were posted in the window of the soon-to-be opened restaurant the Berkeley Social Club. The English sign was written in English and asked for kitchen staff and servers, while the Spanish sign mentioned only cooks and dishwashers.
How do I switch from African American studies to CS before the start of my school year, Fall 2016?
Housing advice for an incoming transfer student?
Getting around campus
Spring Admit for 2017 (Transfer)
Incoming Statistics major with a few questions!
Admitted to Cal Bioengineering!
Heat Hot Sauce proprietor answering questions at /r/IAMA
Anyone interested in making a short film over the weekend?
Want to learn about how humans make decisions? Come to the 2016 California Cognitive Scuence Conference TOMORROW!
Help! Upcoming senior in EECS but can't enroll in CS169!
Too late to find summer courses in Europe for credit?
Bsc.coop down for anyone else?
Amid criticism of her administrative and executive decisions, UC Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi has been placed on investigatory administrative leave. UC President Janet Napolitano with the support of UC Board of Regents plans to appoint an investigator to look into Katehi's actions as chancellor.
Wheeler Hall will undergo renovations. Uzma Amin, a Public Health 116 co-coordinator, said it will affect enrollment. The full class has always been held in Wheeler auditorium because it can accommodate the largest class sizes. Instead, the course will be held in the Pauley Ballroom next semester.
Police arrested three men after an investigation into a series of robberies that saw armed, masked perpetrators holding up a total of 23 restaurants in the Bay Area, nine in Berkeley. The break came midnight Friday, April 22, when they attempted to rob an SF bar under surveillance by the SFPD.
Stanford ranks No. 1 in state in crime per student. UC Berkeley is No. 2. From 2012-2014, Stanford with 17,000 students had 404 allegations, or 7.94 crimes annually per 1,000 students. At Cal with 38,000 students there were 371 reported crimes for a rate of 3.29 crimes a year per 1,000 students.
A Look Back in History - Amazing Footage Of Berkeley On Fire - 1923
TRUMP RALLY ON SPROUL! Monday at 4!
Berkeley Police Department arrests suspect at Phi Gamma Delta
Trump isn't going anywhere, so don't tell me to "just ignore him." PROTEST TRUMP TOMORROW AT 9AM!
Trump isn't going anywhere, so don't tell me to "just ignore him." PROTEST TRUMP TOMORROW AT 9AM!
Trump isn't going anywhere, so don't tell me to "just ignore him." - Tomorrow at 9am in Burlingame there is a TRUMP PROTEST
Rams pick Cal quarterback Jared Goff first overall
Los Angeles Rams select Jared Goff with the first pick of the 2016 NFL Draft
TIL that Clark Kerr, the first chancellor of UC Berkeley, said that the three purposes of a university are "To provide sex for the students, sports for the alumni, and parking for the faculty."
How do I switch from African American studies to CS before the start of my school year, Fall 2016?
Orientation
Prince Memorial Dance Party Tomorrow Night At Spats
UC Berkeley vs University of Michigan (Mechanical Engineering)
How does class registration and placement work?
Take a 5 Min Survey on Affirmative Action and get a chance to win a $25 Amazon gift card! Please help out with my education class project:) Help a fellow bear out, go bears!
Non-music major: Should I take 20A, 20B, 25A, or audit?
UC Berkeley to offer housing at Mills College, Holy Names University
the new telebears sucks
Which upper div math should I take first? besides 110 b/c that's an 8am
Take a 5 Min Survey on Affirmative Action and get a chance to win a $25 Amazon gift card! Please help out with my education class project:)
CS Rejects Starter Pack
CS Rejects Starter Pack
Guillermo Perez, an ASUC senator-elect with SQUELCH!, submitted a letter of resignation to the ASUC Judicial Council on Tuesday. His vacant senate seat will be filled using a "countback retabulation" of the votes, in which votes cast for Perez will be awarded to the voters' second listed choices.
UC Berkeley linguistics grad David J. Peterson helped design the hugely important tongues high Valyrian and Dothraki for Game of Thrones, the HBO fantasy epic. He spent hours developing not just vocabulary terms, but also pronunciations, rules, and grammatical structures for the languages.
The city's Office of Economic Development has introduced plans to implement fiber-optic technology in order to increase high-speed Internet access in Berkeley. A June 2015 assessment of the city’s broadband services gave the city of Berkeley, excluding Cal, a grade of C- on broadband infrastructure.
Patrick Sims, a Berkeley resident, filed a lawsuit against the city of Berkeley and several public employees alleging that the dangerous state of the roads (pothole) caused him to fall from his bike and sustain two fractured ribs and injury to his lung, which required a five-day hospital stay.
Access Denied: Berkeley neighbors attack the homeless on Nextdoor.com, but the website won't let the homeless fight back. A forum had community members involved in a back-and-forth over a "little old Asian lady" who was allegedly stealing cans and bottles from residents' trash and recycle bins.
102b projects?
Berkeley vs U Mich (Mechanical Engineering)
Stats Major Dilemma: Take Math 110 with Stats 134 or 135? Yay Or Nay?
Where can I find a fax machine?
Visitor's Using Gym?
Stats Major Dillema: Take Math 110 with Stats 134 or 135? Yay or Nay?
Stats Major: Recommend taking Math 110 and Stats 134 or 135 together?
Perhaps the most important course you'll take at Berkeley
Columbia transfer Grant Mullins chooses California
What are you doing for lunch today? Join us in 223 Moses for sandwiches &amp; grad student research presentations. Free / 12 noon.
drop out of here..??
has anyone here switched out of eecs major after 2 years?
How much of a time commitment is CS70 over summer?
History of EECS
has anyone here switched out of eecs major after 2 years?
What housing option to choose that correlates with all-gender? (incoming freshman, Foothill)
EE with DSP skills
Berkeley vs U Mich (Mechanical Engineering)
Cal student Savannah Rennie has a rare genetic liver disease — congenital hepatic fibrosis. She is awaiting a new liver to make her return to the volleyball court. To date, she has received over $100,000 of support on GoFundMe. She has moved up to the second spot on the waiting list for a liver.
Carol Christ will become the interim executive vice chancellor and provost. Christ, director of Center for Studies in Higher Education, will replace Claude Steele, who resigned from his position April 15, citing his wife’s health. It came after criticism for his handling of sexual misconduct cases.
300 Bay Area high school students gathered at UC Berkeley's Lawrence Hall of Science to pit the robots they had built against one another. The PiE Robotics Competition Game was hosted by Pioneers in Engineering (PiE), a mentorship program that promotes STEM education among underrepresented kids.
Suggestion to replace "Tele-Fucked" from UC Berkeley student lingo
Easiest CS and Math Upper-Divs
Easiest CS and Math Upper-Divs
'I was expendable': how UC Berkeley failed a woman being sexually harassed
IEOR 160/162 - Help!
2 Berkeley buildings selected to receive national awards for sustainability, design
Parents are weary of me coming to UC Berkeley because it's "not very safe." Help?
Parents weary of me coming to Berkeley because it's "not safe."
Epic Rap Battle: Denero vs. Hilfinger
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban dropped out after Cal's financial aid department required her to repay before next semester a mistakenly given $2,800 loan. She returned to Cal after becoming a stripper. "Sex workers are the ones who have taught me how to push past bureaucratic bullshit."
F-you, new registration system.
Budget woes at Cal could force its medical program's shutdown. 16 students a year are admitted to the Joint Medical Program. Losing 16 new doctors a year may not sound dramatic but while most med students head into lucrative specialties, the majority of this program's graduates go into primary care.
By 2030, there may be no emergency medical services in Berkeley. Alta Bates Summit Hospital will close its acute care facility and emergency department in south Berkeley sometime between 2018 and 2030 because SB 1953 requires hospital facilities to be able to withstand a major earthquake.
Berkeley killings get spotlight in death penalty case. One month into the trial of Darnell Williams Jr., 25, a Berkeley man charged with two murders, who could face the death penalty, his defense attorneys are slated to begin to present evidence to the jury Monday.
Missing UC Berkeley junior Shariq Ahmad, a campus junior and international student from Pakistan, was last seen by his roommate Friday morning approximately 5 a.m. in front of an apartment complex at Durant Avenue and Ellsworth Street. He was found Monday.
The UC Men's and Women's Chorales collaborated on Baba Yetu, the song from Civ 5. It's a fun listen and nice to see the positive things groups are doing on campus with the flood of bad press recently.
Former Berkeley Law dean accused of sexual assault feels that the disciplinary process has been too harsh on him, files grievance against the university.
Any study guides for PS 179 going around?
Help a Prospective Berkeley Student Explore his Passion!
This Wednesday! Wear jeans with a purpose, support survivors, and educate yourself and others about sexual assault.
Gradescope Raises $2.6M to Apply Artificial Intelligence to Grading Exams
Anyone take Econ 191?
What do I need for graduation/commencement, and where can I buy it?
East Bay power outages (PG&amp;E)
PSA: Intersections with no functioning traffic lights are treated as four way stop signs
El Cerrito PG&amp;E transformer explosion causes BART delays in Berkeley, widespread power outages
Anthony Burton, 44, was charged Thursday with shooting his girlfriend in the head, and her male friend "about five times in the face and body," in South Berkeley in mid-March. Both victims survived but are still recovering. The deputy found Burton sleeping in his Mazda in a Denny's parking lot.
At 6:50 p.m. Berkeley Fire Department responded to a small fire at the Berk. "It's happened seven times this semester," said Henry Guan, a UC Berkeley freshman who lives in the Berk. "This happens all the time, but this time, it was for real."
Anyone doing Pre-Med at Berkeley?
Ivan Rabb, star freshman of the Men's Ball team, has decided to forgo the NBA draft for at least a year. Woohoo!
Financial aid for summer classes?
Lauren Ahn on her childhood trauma: "Any deviance from my parents' understanding of the world was justification for discipline that ranged from something as harmless as walking two miles home from middle school to as detrimental as being hit with an iron bar or wooden rod until my body became numb."
Madeline Dyer on being called a RINO. "I have ventured to read the comments sections. As a conservative writing for a chiefly liberal audience, I naturally expected the feedback to be pretty disagreeable. What I did not expect was to see so many people disbelievingly question my conservatism."
Madeline Dyer on being called a RINO. Damned if I do, damned if I don't. "As a conservative writing for a chiefly liberal audience, I naturally expected the feedback to be pretty disagreeable. What I did not expect was to see so many people disbelievingly question my conservatism."
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory personnel discovered human remains on lab property. The facilities personnel had been working on Berkeley Lab's southern perimeter to clear a drainage ditch when they found a human skull and one bone inside the ditch, according to a Berkeley Lab press release.
Berkeley EECS VS UCLA CSE
Deciding Between Berkeley and UCLA for Undergraduate Engineering
Is it too late to pick up a bus pass for the spring/summer term?
Requesting Advice for Balancing a Summer Internship with Research Opportunity
The Things I Tried at Berkeley
Enjoy some Dank Memes from Canadian Studies and remember to apply for our research funding. Questions? AMA
UC Men's Chorale - Irish Blessing (Spring Show 2016)
Chancellor's new Twitter Account
Hi Bears, let me introduce myself
How competitive is admission to the Master of City Planning program?
Community criticizes op-ed from interim lead on campus sexual misconduct response
Reddit Gold Challenge: Find a college/university subreddit (with at least 2500+ users and 2-3+ moderators) that has a similar amount of active news article spam.
Reddit Gold Challenge: Find a university subreddit (with at least 1000+ users and 2+ moderators) that has a amount of news article spam.
(CS70 + 61C) or (CS70 + EE16A)
Scenic spots for a couple's photo
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: The Tele-BEARS replacement and revamp sounded like a godsend. Little did we know it would be replaced with a different, seemingly outdated and often glitchy system. The new system is plagued by bugs, suggesting that it was rolled out before it was adequately tested.
Mikaela Raphael on traveling alone as a woman. In Jordan, Nabil's friend "forces himself on me. I say no. He doesn't listen. It's quick." Later, "I wake up to the driver putting my fingers into his mouth. I was too cautious of respecting other people and their cultures that I didn't respect myself."
Schedule appears to be open now. Does this mean Schedule Builder or Ninja Courses might be updated soon?
The Indian Students' Association at UC Berkeley has hosted the Holi Festival on campus for several years. The festival has seen a significant rise in attendance over the past few years. In 2008, the attendance for Holi was 200 students. This past weekend, over 2,000 people arrived for the ceremony.
UCMC and UCWC - Africa (Toto Cover) (Spring Show 2016)
How competitive is admission to the Master's of City Planning program.
My therapists say I should go to Berkeley.
19 UCB Employees Violated Sexual Harassment Policies Over The Last Seven Years
Can we have a conversation about the news content on this subreddit?
Cal student Khairuldeen Makhzoomi was removed from a flight after an Arabic-speaking passenger overheard him mentioning ISIS and martyrdom. An Arabic-speaking employee of Middle Eastern or South Asian descent spoke to him and got angry when he said, "This is what Islamophobia got this country into."
Choosing between UC Berkeley or UC Davis for CS (L&amp;S)
Renée McGhee, 60, cooks in her tidy kitchen in her Berkeley apartment. She sells her food through Josephine, a marketplace that lets home cooks sell to customers who pay $12 per serving. They occupy a legal gray zone. California, like most states, bans sales of food cooked in a personal kitchen.
In an Age of Privilege, Not Everyone Is in the Same Boat. Steve Tadelis, a Haas professor of economics, "when an industry is able to create a richer line of products for people looking to spend their money, that makes everybody happier. But getting it right in reality is very, very hard."
CS Major in L&amp;S with no experience.
Cal graduate and Vietnam refugee Viet Thanh Nguyen won the 2016 Pulitzer Prize in fiction for his debut novel, The Sympathizer, a thriller about a double-agent who moves to Los Angeles after the Vietnam War. He will give a reading of The Sympathizer at 7 p.m. on May 4, in Room 315 of Wheeler Hall.
A former female member of the Cal men's rowing team, claims coach Mike Teti knew she was sexually assaulted in 2013 at a team party. Instead of reporting it, she said, the coach told her to stop crying, saying, "You're no angel anyway," and asked her about her sexual relationships with other rowers.
Spencer Simpson: "Always examine your rationale for being interested in a Black person for anti-Black undertones. ... Are you interested in that cutie in your science lab because of their knack for multivariate equations or because you possess some dehumanizing fantasy about Black sexuality?"
Not long after school ended at Berkeley High School, youth started fighting. A fight was on the verge of breaking out. When officers arrived, the crowd turned its attention to them. An officer called for back-up due to a potentially dangerous situation. Three high-school-aged students were arrested.
Weirdly low grade on make-up midterm, scared to email my professor.
Math make up midterm advice?
Great housing and course enrollment opportunity - guaranteed placement if accepted
Cost per semester for books in undergrad history?
Not sure where to access my email
How does a NP for a decal affect my transcript/GPA?
Stopped by campus for an alumni event and suddenly I remembered how to get lost...
Dwinelle Hall: You Are Here
Any tour guides here?
Can grad student living in Foothill?
EE with DSP skills?
Choosing between Cal or UC Davis for CS (L&amp;S)
Under Armour named Berkeley’s new apparel partner
At least five hate speech posters — with at least two naming six current and former UC Berkeley students including Kumars Salehi, David McCleary, Marium Navid for their involvement in Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement or Students for Justice in Palestine — were found around campus Monday.
Is 160 useful?
Five million dollars in funding for undocumented UC students will expire in June. Incoming ASUC senator and undocumented student Benyamin Mohd Yusof: Students' access to a special Tang Center counselor, the Dream Lending Library, and an immigration attorney will suffer if funding is cut.
Alastair Boone on dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline. "California has built more than 20 prisons since 1980 ... According to university data, nine percent of California's general funds are allocated to the state’s prison system, while the UC and CSU systems receive only 5.2 percent."
ASUC withdrew a contentious SQUELCH! bill. ASUC Senate Resolution 78 (In Support of Bills) if passed would have "the sponsors of this bill automatically pass more bills than any other Senator, and therefore automatically become the best Senators, forever, hands down, period, no questions asked."
An 18-year-old woman reported being raped on Grizzly Peak at 11:30 p.m. Friday, according to UCPD. The case is under investigation. No further details have been released. Berkeleyside has asked UCPD for additional information.
UC Berkeley School of Public Health considers eliminating medical school program: The UC Berkeley-UCSF Joint Medical Program, or JMP, faces potential elimination. Cal administrators set a 3 percent budget reduction target for all campus professional schools. For SPH, this is more than $1 million.
UC Berkeley School of Public Health considers eliminating medical school program: In light of the campus’s budget deficit, the UC Berkeley-UCSF Joint Medical Program, or JMP, faces potential elimination. Cal administrators set a 3 percent budget reduction target for all campus professional schools.
[#4] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
Social Life at Cal
STAT 133 useful for EECS major interested in Data Science / Big Data?
Cutthroat Haas?
Review of Metallica at Rasputin
Can anybody help me move this weekend and I'll owe you help to move your place when you're leaving your place/ apartment?
Game of Thrones DeCal?
Do I need to Phase 1 Classic 36?
Random campus photos I've taken over the year
Group of 12 Business and CS students from Charleston -&gt; San Fran
Jaylen Brown Officially Declares for NBA Draft
[EVENT] EAGxBerkeley: A conference about Effective Altruism in Evans Hall on April 30th
Down to Lunch is an app for meeting up with friends in person. You send a message saying you have free time and are looking for company. Founders Nikil Viswanathan and Joseph Lau are Stanford alums. When there are new versions of the app to test, the app's team goes to Berkeley to get feedback.
Conference on Effective Altruism next Saturday at Berkeley
Can you watch Hug's 61B lectures instead of Hilfingers?
Upper Div CS courses to 1st phase.
Cal OOS vs Illinois
As UC Berkeley tries to close its $150 million deficit, administrators feel the ire of traditional faculty allies
I can't believe I have to say this as a Mod, but you shouldn't do drugs just because it's weed day. They're bad for you and bad for the environment.
HS senior deciding on schools here. Are Berkeley zombies real?
HS senior deciding where to go here. Are Berkeley zombies real?
Subleasing and subleasing agreements
The old Togo's storefront will soon sell sandwiches again. In what could be as soon as three weeks, it will be home to the first Berkeley location of the sandwich shop Ike's Place. Ike's sandwiches are based on ones owner Ike Shehadeh used to eat while studying at UC Davis.
An alliance announced they have collected the necessary signatures to place a $15 minimum wage initiative on Berkeley's November ballot. If it passes, Berkeley’s minimum wage will increase to $15 by October 2017 — with an additional 3 percent plus inflation — until it reaches a living wage in 2021.
Authorities have arrested Anthony Burton, a 44-year-old transient man from Berkeley, in connection with a March double shooting. A Sacramento County sheriff’s deputy arrested him after finding him asleep in his car, which had set off an alert from the officer's automated license plate reader.
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences today announced the election of 213 new members, including nine UC Berkeley faculty members: Andrew E. Barshay, Robert Full, Robert M. Glaeser, Barbara V. Jacak, Jay D. Keasling, Ulrike Malmendier, Eva Nogales, Paul Pierson, and Scott J. Shenker.
Between 2005 and 2015, the number of full-time administrators at Berkeley grew 56%, from 821 to 1,281, while full-time tenure-track faculty increased 1.9%, from 1,261 to 1,285. As Cal tries to close its deficit, many professors say they have been largely left out of the early planning efforts.
Is this class useful?
Sex on campus
Dammit Stanfurd-- see banner ad
What happened on the glade?
Memorial Glade
How to place yourself on degree list using calcentral?
Private tutor for 61c?
Any experience with MEC ENG 191K?
Take a few (5-10) minutes to help a kind and brilliant graduate student in her assessment of Housing &amp; Health in the Bay Area.
Cal athletics sees increase in academic performance
Wednesday
Could you guys please help me out? Im trying to find out what major has the smartest students! Pleas help me with my 2 question survey.
How useful is cs162 for industry?
How useful is cs162 for industry?
Need help for freshman housing
Campus community expresses concern about new enrollment process
Dorm room question for incoming freshman!
The sound of a ringing bell washed over campus Saturday came from an electronic replication of the Russian Tsar Bell, the largest in the world at 200 tons, which has never been able to generate sound because of an accident during casting. Campus researchers captured the sound in time for Cal Day.
Cal doctoral comparative literature student Irina Popescu writes about teaching "fragile" students: "I mean the fragility I witness when a student speaking aloud in class for the first time starts shaking, or when a student who is handed back an incomplete paper with a C on it immediately tears up."
For much of the last two years, Berkeley School Superintendent Donald Evans has been working without credentials required by his contract. In July 2014, Evans let his school administrative services credential and his teaching credential lapse. He finally renewed them on Jan. 4, 2016.
A suspect shot at a homeless man in downtown Berkeley at 3:35am April 14. The man, 39, was not hit or injured by the gunfire. The suspect is a black or dark skinned male, 6’0” to 6’03”, thin build, wearing a black t-shirt, chain around his neck, dark colored "bucket" hat, tan pants, and white shoes.
Japanese band plays (and sings) "Fight for California"
Importance of class ranking at UC Berkeley?
Sex on campus
Apartment Search
The sickest garage sale of all time this Saturday starting at 8 am in North Berkeley [community fuel]
What are your thoughts on the Daily Cal?
Poli Sci 179 Final 04/29
Where to watch soccer?
When your abject fear of failure is actualized...
Need clarification on a supposedly existent professional school at Cal
Cal Central Issues? (or general Cal Central rants)
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: "My coworker Ruby has been in the sex industry since her mid-teens, lives with her pimp and 10 other women and is essentially never let outside her house. Her pimp also keeps her from getting a driver's license and regularly checks her Internet history."
Engineering tutor?
Learn Java or C++ Before for 61B?
Video of 30 students blocking Sather Gate on Cal Day in protest of "unfair treatment" of undocumented students in the UC System". UC allocates $5 million of emergency grant funding for undocumented students. The funding is set to expire in June, and Napolitano has yet to renew the fund.
A 2-story office building in downtown Berkeley is slated to be replaced by a 7-story building with 107 luxury apartments and no retail. The project is at 1950 Addison St, between Milvia Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Way. Average rents for the market-rate units were estimated at $3,400 to $3,900.
Jeremy Fiance, a 24-year old Berkeley alum who raised funds for start-ups while still in school, announced Monday that he has started The House Fund, a $6 million fund for companies connected to UC Berkeley. It will seed very early stage companies with anything from $50,000 to $250,000.
Berkeley author T. J. Stiles won a Pulitzer Prize in history for Custer's Trials: A Life on the Frontier of a New America, which was also a finalist in the biography category. It is Stiles' second Pulitzer. In 2010, he won the in history for The First Tycoon: The Epic Life of Cornelius Vanderbilt.
Two Daily Cal alumni received 2016 Pulitzer Prizes. ProPublica's T. Christian Miller won for explanatory reporting for "An Unbelievable Story of Rape." Soumya Karlamangla won a prize in breaking news reporting as part of the Los Angeles Times staff who covered the San Bernardino terrorist attack.
Econ 1 vs Econ 2 for Pre-Haas?
I'm entering my senior year- what classes should I ABSOLUTELY make time to take?
[Serious] How do undocumented people become UC students?
looking for housing in Berkeley - when to start?
Recommendations for housing options?
Feedback form for new scheduling system; Calnet ID required
Where do items lost in Wheeler end up?
Can't seem to add class on Cal Central?
How do you waitlist classes on the new scheduling system?
Do I have a chance at an appeal?
Do I have a shot at an appeal?
UC Berkeley Forced to Cut 500 Jobs After $15 Minimum Wage Hike
Double Jeopardy at U Cal Berkeley
Interested in helping local high school robotics team?
How important is prior programming experience?
A man was assaulted Sunday afternoon by someone with an aluminum bat across from the Ashby BART station. The assailant is a black woman in her 30s, 5 foot 2 to 5 foot 5 inches tall, about 200 pounds. She left in a black Chrysler Sebring. The victim, a man in his 20s, is expected to survive.
UC Berkeley student kicked off flight
Why are all the apartment listings on Free &amp; For Sale for women only?
UC Berkeley EECS + Regents VS Princeton B.S.E. Computer Science?
Any married students have luck finding housing?
Is Berkeley Chem E out of state undergrad worth it?
Taking classes at Berkeley while working full time in the Bay Area?
Prospective students!
Double Jeopardy at the University of California | RealClearPolitics
Emma Rosenbaum: "I'm not too aware of many sexy responses to the question, 'Can I take the condom off?' Honestly, at this point, I just get excited that the guy even asks. Maybe this is just my experience — it’s possible — but most guys haven't even had the decency to ask."
Camille Jetta: "Fixing hookup culture doesn’t mean reverting to an insistence on monogamy, nor does it require us to incite a full-blown communist revolution. But surely at UC Berkeley, at least, we might be able to adopt some communist thinking — and be a lot happier for it."
Rebecca Catlett: A student's experience as a female bartender. A bar patron, "You are so beautiful. I’ve never seen you here before. Let me take you home tonight." "I wrote this piece because I wanted to galvanize conversation about the bar industry that so many UC Berkeley students are entering."
30 student demonstrators gathered in front of Sather Gate on Cal Day. They chanted for both Napolitano and Dirks' resignations. UC allocates $5 million of emergency grant funding for undocumented students. The grants are set to expire in June, and Napolitano has yet to renew the fund.
New unconventional memes
UC Berkeley EECS + Regents VS Princeton B.S.E. Computer Science?
Happy Cal Day!
French guy in Berkeley
Cafe with Bay view?
Transferring into engineering?
Fun upper div classes for humanities/ social sciences requirements?
Interesting/easy philosophy breadth classes?
Is the RSF weight room open on Cal day?
[EVENT] Spring Blossoms and Bugs in Knowland Park
Has anyone heard back from Rasputin about the Metallica show?
Has anyone heard back from Rasputin about the Metallica show?
Kristine Sanders is UC Berkeley's first Disney major. After not cutting it in math and physics classes, she transferred into College of Environmental Design and created an independent major — Imagine, Inspire, Illustrate. Her curriculum: psychology, sociology, art, heater, and architecture classes.
A Berkeley man facing multiple murder charges may have inadvertently tipped off the prosecution to a notable piece of evidence by insisting he get access to material on his old cellphone. A photograph shows a pistol that could have been used to kill 8-year-old Alaysha Carradine in July 2013.
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: "When it comes to policy and rights, [the homeless] are commonly rendered invisible. So when a 17-month-old encampment of protesters — most of them homeless — is disbanded before the crack of dawn, other members of the Berkeley community ought not avert their eyes."
Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost Claude Steele has stepped down from his administrative position, citing his wife's ongoing health problems as the reason for his departure. He'd been criticized for his punishment of Sujit Choudhry. Next year, he will join UC Berkeley's psychology department.
So done with CS....
Claude Steele, Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost, steps down
CS students create alternative schedule planning system
Appealing admissions decision
How time intensive will two online courses be? (Math W53 and Stats W21)
UC Berkeley student questioned, refused service after speaking Arabic on flight
Question for CS peeps:
Auto Rickshaws in Berkeley!! Feels like India
Can berkeley students access the following link?
UC Davis spent $175,000 to bury search results after cops pepper-sprayed protestors
Ronald Reagan launched political career using the Berkeley campus as a target
Got a letter saying I owe $50 in late fees to the UC Berkeley library SIX years after I graduated
slurp slurp
EE16a trap
Cal affordable housing and urban policy professor Carol Galante comments on the disconnect between California's rate of job creation and home-building, saying: "We've added almost half a million jobs in the Bay Area alone, and we've added 51,000 permits — not even buildings."
Madeline Dyer on a Sproul encounter: A student asked me: "How could you, a woman, not care about women’s rights?" This student not only assumed that because I am a woman, I must be a Democrat, but also that my gender denotes the rights I believe myself entitled to. None of this is true."
Libby Rainey: I witness the benefits of education for inmates firsthand. Many of the men I work with at San Quentin were only able to pursue an education once they arrived at prison. They managed this through the Prison University Project that offers a free college education to San Quentin inmates.
UC Berkeley mechanical engineering professor David Dornfeld died last month of a heart attack at 66 years old. He became chair of the mechanical engineering department in 2010. Dornfeld and his wife, Barbara Dornfeld, loved animals and even took to rescuing stray cats.
Cal professor of education John Hurst, a popular education proponent, died March 22 at 86. Hurst co-founded the conservation and resource studies department. He also co-founded the peace and conflicts studies program in 1984 and the undergraduate minor program in the School of Education in 1990.
French guy in Berkeley
Looking for men or women to help me, a male, with fashion advice. Will compensate. Yes, I'm serious.
Looking for men or women to help me, a male, with fashion advice. Will compensate. Yes, I'm serious.
Can AP credits be applied to breadth?
IAmA Elliott from Canadian Studies, we have research funding for you. AMA
How do I see final schedules with the new schedule planner?
The University of California and the family of Cal football player Ted Agu, a defensive lineman and pre-med student, who died after a team drill in 2014, settled a wrongful-death lawsuit for $4.75 million, bringing months of negotiations and litigation to a close.
Grade Distributions of EECS Courses
How are the gyms at Cal?
EECS major interested in big data and machine learning. Should I take Stats 134, Stats 135, and/or EE 127
Math 54 Final? (Yuan)
25 Berkeley students are developing a tiny house called THIMBY, or Tiny House in my Backyard, at the Richmond Field Station for a Sacramento Municipal Utility District competition. The house-on-wheels has a budget of $25,000 and includes an oven to transform human waste into fertilizer.
Bay BitHack, the largest collegiate Bitcoin and blockchain technology hackathon, was hosted at UC Berkeley this month, attracting more than 50 developers and entrepreneurs. The event was co-hosted by the Bitcoin Association of Berkeley and Lester Center for Entrepreneurship.
Jeff Bridges — the Academy-Award winning actor known for his roles in films like Iron Man and The Giver — is playing a concert April 15, 2016, at Freight &amp; Salvage, a benefit for the Berkeley Rose School. Jeff's daughter, Jessie, will be opening the concert. His granddaughter attends the school.
Cal students launched a petition demanding Cal dole out abortion pills that generate "medical abortions," saying it costs too much and takes too long to get the drugs at nearby clinics. Activist students argue the university should provide abortion pills under Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP).
Former Berkeley Technology Academy student Kamau Berlin, 18, was arrested Sept. 19, 2014, a block from where 72-year-old Nancy McClellan had been left bleeding from life-threatening neck wounds. An Alameda County judge is expected to decide this week whether murder charges will continue to trial.
Insight into Stats
Hangout with Berkley students on Snapchat in a private room with Snap Party
Med school as CS/Stats? Is it too late?
Summer Session Units
Questions from a prospective student
Wheelchair Advice for a Story
Poli Sci 179 Final
Moving to California
Exchange student from the UK starting this Fall - where to live?!
Graduating seniors. Quick question. On the day of graduation, we just bring our ticket and pretty much sit anywhere we want right?
Good GSI for Econ 100B
Anyway to appeal Regents' and Chancellor's Scholarship?
UC Berkeley's Title IX office is investigating three times as many complaints as UC Davis. As of this week, UC Davis — with about 58,000 staff, faculty and students, compared with Cal's approximately 61,000 — is investigating two claims of sexual harassment and five claims of sexual violence.
The Berkeley Social Services and Fiscal Accountability Ordinance, a proposed November ballot measure, would cap all annual city employee compensation—including benefits—at $100,000. With the savings, it'll authorize $50 million to city mental health and social services. 2014: 36 made over $200,000.
At about 5 a.m. Tuesday, members of the encampment in front of Berkeley Main Post Office were met with U.S. Postal Inspection Service and Berkeley Police Department officers. Protesters were allegedly dragged out of tents, and their belongings were seized by officials, ending a 17-month occupation.
wtf
Crossposting "Out of school over a year and unemployed: should I go to a boot camp? I graduated from U.C. Berkeley in December of 2014 and have spent the past year looking for work" from /r/cscareerquestions
Crossposting "Out of school over a year and unemployed: should I go to a boot camp? I graduated from U.C. Berkeley in December of 2014 and have spent the past year looking for work" from /r/cscareerquestions
#DemocracySpring in Berkeley?
Do all people who go to UCLA and Cal become successful in life?
How difficult is Berkeley's CS compared to other schools like UCSB, UCI, etc?
UC Berkeley to eliminate 500 staff jobs
Hiring Summer Interns
Does anyone here do ROTC? How is it with the already busy UC Berkeley schedule?
Exclusive Events for Certain Races of People
Visiting student
Is UC Berkeley Haas Undergraduate worth it?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: "The first time I had sex with a circumcised person sans-condom was equally surprising. We used lots of lube, started slow. Except my vagina bled. ... Like a coworker of mine said, 'having sex with an uncut dick is like getting a hug from the inside.'"
Has anyone taken math with Per-Olof Persson?
Are unlocked buildings on campus free to use throughout the night?
Does adderall actually help?
Crossposting "Out of school over a year and unemployed: should I go to a boot camp? I graduated from U.C. Berkeley in December of 2014 and have spent the past year looking for work" from /r/cscareerquestions
Daily Cal Editor in Chief Melissa Wen: The Daily Cal Ink Initiative $2.50 per semester fee measure passed with a "yes" from the majority of student voters. Here’s what it also means: "The students' newspaper has the means to remain independent from the campus and UC administration."
Ex-girlfriend: 'I feel scared to this day’. Darnell Williams Jr., 25, could face death penalty if convicted of gunning down Alaysha Carradine at a slumber party, and fatally shooting Anthony Medearis Jr., a Berkeley father, for "snitching" in the back as he ran for his life and pleaded for mercy.
The Berkeley Police Department cannot explain why it never alerted the public in 2008 about a stranger's abduction of two teenagers at gunpoint near Berkeley High School, then raped one and sexually assaulted the other. Nor can police say why, in 2008, they did not send the rape kit to a lab.
The Berkeley Police Department cannot explain why it never alerted the public in 2008 about a stranger's abduction of two teenagers at gunpoint near Berkeley High School, then raped one and sexually assaulted the other. Nor can police say why, in 2008, they did not send the rape kit to a lab.
Elena Griffing, 90, started working at Sutter Health Alta Bates Summit Medical Center 70 years ago April 10, 1946, when she was 20. She just celebrated her 70th year working for the same hospital and has no plans to retire anytime soon. She's taken only four days of sick leave in 70 years of work.
Study abroad or senior thesis?
How stressed are you?
Working in lab and AP classes
Concurrent enrollment second semester senior year?
Leonardo DiCaprio Didn't Want To Be Seen At An Islanders Game
Schedule difficulty
I have a room for rent!
Explore virtual reality demos at OffPlanet VR 4/21/16
Alaina Percival, Chief Executive Officer of Women Who Code, will speak at the Berkeley Forum at 6:00 p.m. Thursday, April 14, 2016, at 2040 Valley Life Sciences Building. She was most recently awarded by the San Francisco Business Times as a "40 under 40" influential leader in tech.
Chief Justice of California Tani Cantil-Sakauye will speak at the Berkeley Forum at 6:00 p.m. Thursday, April 13, 2016, at 110 Boalt Hall. She is the first Asian-Filipina American and the second woman to serve as the state's chief justice. She earned her J.D. from the UC Davis School of Law.
University of Illinois student looking to take CS61BL over summer
Living in the South Berkeley area?
Trans Speaker Jessica Lynn will be on campus tomorrow. You can watch her documentary here.
The Golden State Warriors will attempt to set the record for most wins in a single season in NBA history on Wednesday.
Transferring between UC's
Questions about the L&amp;S CS major
Anyone got Warriors tickets on Wednesday?
Quiet areas near Unit 2 to study.
Leonardo DiCaprio Rocking Cal Gear
Berkeley Police Department is asking for help identifying a man found sitting on a bench near the North Berkeley Library Saturday. A community member found the man, who seemed confused and in need of assistance. When police officers contacted the man, he was unable to speak or identify himself.
Questions about UC Berkeley
Freshman housing advice?
Freshman housing advice?
Any recommendations for a tax accountant in Berkeley?
Mildly interesting humanities classes that won't make me deded?
Subleasing Stress
Was anyone else unaware that the University of California is a major contributor to Presidential candidates?
Birgeneau roasts state audit. Worth reading for gems like "It feels like a player on the 76ers telling Stephen Curry how to play basketball."
CS70 in Fall '16 with Walrand vs Spring '17 with Sahai
UC Berkeley students to file state sexual harassment complaint against professor. Allegations against Blake Wentworth, who was not terminated last year despite misconduct findings, renewed in significant development in scandal.
Should I go to Berkeley? Are you happy?
Leonardo DiCaprio in a Cal Hat
Is an internship a relevant major petition update?
Faith Gong: "Berkeleyites, never have I been among a more stressed-out, rage-filled group of people. How do I know this? Because never in my four decades of life have I been as scolded by complete strangers as I have been in the past five months that I've spent among you."
BHS boys' basketball coach resigns: "I've had my fill of the Berkeley thing... they go out of their way to be fair to everybody and they end up being fair to nobody."
Yann Hufnagel, the former Cal men's basketball assistant coach who resigned amid allegations that he sexually harassed a female reporter, has been hired by Nevada head coach Eric Musselman as an assistant coach. Hufnagel on Twitter: "I'm back doing what I love... coaching basketball!"
Along with embarrassing revelations, UC Berkeley's sexual harassment scandal has exposed a double standard: While university staffers were routinely fired or forced to resign, tenured faculty members who committed similar transgressions received lighter sanctions and were allowed to keep their jobs.
Jasmine Leiser's poem "Oatmeal for Giovanni". "This is a love poem and a thank you note. ... Giovanni is a friend. Giovanni — Alison, Joey, Devin — helped me recover from steroid-induced psychosis. ... When a leg breaks, everybody signs the cast. When a mind breaks, nobody knows what to say."
Alex Danner, a 23-year-old senior studying English: I feel like sometimes it would be easier to come in as a freshman, cause I think the whole process of getting assimilated into Berkeley culture can take a while. Now leaving, I'm just starting to feel being able to get things done on Berkeley Time.
When Cal softball player Taurie Pogue was 9, she advanced from flag to tackle football. Despite her domineering size and skill, many boys refused to hit her. She cut her long blonde hair short so she'd appear as one of the boys and get tackled. She won "bull in the ring" drills week after week.
Fed up with the CalCentral enrollment system, my friend wrote this succinct and respectful criticism of it. If you agree, add your name to the author page and share it.
Nice, inexpensive restaurants in SF or around Berk for birthday dinner?
Cal Rugby Shuts Out Texas 136-0
Guy who blocked exit in La Burrita Euclid
CS170 next semester
CS 162 Groups
Chances of getting into CS61C in the summer? 165 student limit, 20th on waitlist :/
Todd Mulzet, Cal diving coach, was fined $455.30 in 2015 for sexually harassing a male employee for a year and a half. Mulzet asked him for oral sex in front of students. When the employee was bending over on his knees, Mulzet put his knees on the man's back and said he liked him in that position.
Berkeley Police Department is investigating an armed robbery on Telegraph Avenue Thursday night. At 11 p.m., two men engaged in a physical altercation with employees at an Ethiopian restaurant on the 2900 block of Telegraph Ave. The suspects used handguns and took money from the cash register.
Student Action sweeps executive slate
Easiest Upper Div Humanities Course for CoE
How hard are upper division history classes?
Tonight Im headed to UC Berkeley from LA for a conference tomorrow. And I currently dont have a place to sleep at or know the parking situation.
Meet Jared Goff, Taylor Swift superfan
Headed to a Conference tomorrow on Campus from LA. Dont have anywhere to sleep tonight. Also curious about the parking situation.
David E. Broockman at Stanford and Joshua Kalla at Cal published the study "Durably reducing transphobia: A field experiment on door-to-door canvassing". They found a lasting shift in opinion and the effect was the same whether the canvasser was straight, gay or transgender.
Construction workers March 29 uncovered Ohlone Indian remains while digging a trench on Fourth Street near Hearst Avenue. Jamestown notified the Alameda County Coroner’s office which notified the state Native American Heritage Commission, which then looked for the remains' "most likely descendant."
Do you think I can set up a mining operation in the computer labs
Calnet Log in not working?
CalSERVE orders party members exactly how to rank candidates on ballots. Tells some candidates they are being run "to lose" and just to promote the party name.
Help me find my old GSI?
Anyone lose a crate of vinyl records?
what is the app for getting points for dining at places in asuc student union?
[Meta PSA] Be on the lookout, ShitRedditSays trolls have been brigading threads on /r/berkeley
Madeline Dyer: "I have read many similarly uncivil comments made on my previous articles. I have felt discouraged, but it is conversations with students like my sorority sisters that encourage me to continue providing an alternative perspective to the liberalism dominating discourse on this campus."
Alastair Boone on the protest to rename Barrows Hall: Only 4 percent of UC Berkeley’s undergraduate student body identifies as Black. "As UC Berkeley reviews all its building names, the campus majority should consider the power of patient silence ... [Protesters'] are the voices that matter."
A monstrous black hole about 17 billion times more massive than the sun has been discovered by a team of astronomers led by Cal professor Chung-Pei Ma. It is in the galaxy NGC 1600. It was found in an ongoing survey of the 100 most massive galaxies within about 300 million light-years from Earth.
An influx of tech workers has sent rents soaring. Activists are clamoring for rent control. Miriam Zuk, director of Cal's Center for Community Innovation: The tech industry should work with cities to build sufficient housing for their labor force and "should try and accommodate their job growth".
Berkeley Police and Berkeley Fire responded to an incident Thursday afternoon at the McDonald’s in downtown Berkeley in which a person jumped the counter and attacked several employees. Employees held the suspect down. There was a report of an additional victim being attacked at a laundromat nearby.
Can we talk about how disgusting the new student information system is?
Where to watch soccer?
Part-Time Interns. EECS/CS.
Transfer Students: What is your major and what was your GPA when admitted?
Thoughts about 61C in the summer?
Cal assistant men's basketball coach Yann Hufnagel submitted a letter of resignation Thursday afternoon. Mary McNamara, his attorney, released a statement saying that the "toxic environment at UC Berkeley" would make it impossible for him to rejoin the basketball even if his appeal succeeded.
Tennis courts that have lights
Why Black Students Are Avoiding UC Berkeley
"Dirks Erection Project"
Disturbing details of sexual harassment scandal at UC Berkeley revealed in files | US news
Advice on Housing Situation
Impossible UC Berkeley sex scenarios : Daily Cal
Admitted Mathematics/Economics major looking for someone to help me answer some questions about Berkeley
MRW done with midterms
Star Wars actor Erik Bauersfeld, 93, died in his Berkeley home. He voiced Admiral Ackbar, the commander whose warning during a firefight in "Return of the Jedi" — "It's a trap!" — became legendary. He served in the Navy during World War II and studied painting and aesthetics at Cooper Union and Cal.
Blake Wentworth, a faculty member in the department of south and south-east Asian studies, whose case is still pending, allegedly told a graduate student: "I could lose my job over this … but I’m so attracted to you." He once allegedly came behind the female student and cupped his hand over her ear.
Fired employees: Cal Dining general manager Jeffrey Topacio in 2015 bragged to workers about his penis size and said a homophobic slur to a crying male worker. Adjunct professor of statistics Howard D’Abrera in 2015 sent a student a series of sexually harassing emails and spoke of killing himself.
Apartment hunting in Berkeley, advice?
Daily Cal ASUC Election Endorsements. Constitutional Clarity &amp; Consistency Amendment 2016: YES. Ink Initiative Fee Referendum: ABSTAIN. The Green Initiative Fund Renewal Fee Referendum: YES. Student Housing Crisis Declaration: YES.
More Berkeley Professors Shown To Have Violated Sexual Misconduct Claims
The Berkeley City Council voted 8-1 on the Mayor Tom Bates proposal to increase the percentage of affordable units required in new projects from 10% to 20%, and to increase the mitigation fee developers can pay if they don't want to build those units on site.
This advertisement is fitting for this sub
Fieri Walks Away From The California Restaurants That Made Him
Best Places for Air Conditioning at Cal?
BERKELEY RESTAURANT BRACKET. FINAL FOUR!! HUGE UPSETS!
Can I hold off 70 and/or 61C until spring?
Cal basketball coach Cuonzo Martin targeted by Georgia Tech for coaching vacancy
Two steps nearer a football-free campus • The Berkeley Blog
Grad school questions
PSA: Deadline for Library Research Prize is April 14. Several prizes, of up to $1,000 each, are available.
Computer science enrollment
Recently released reports obtained through a Public Records Act request show 19 Cal employees were found to have violated university sexual misconduct policy since 2011. Of 11 investigations not previously made public: three resigned, four were terminated, and four were given lighter punishments.
Looking for a study buddy to get through the end of the semester!
Seeking advice to fix my mistake
Any Political Science majors in this sub?
Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates released a list of thirteen recommendations to spur housing development to address Berkeley's staggering affordable housing crisis. Some residents, however, see several components of mayor’s plan as an invitation for further displacement in Berkeley.
Thinking of taking Math H110 with Givental next semester
In the past five years, Berkeley's population has grown 5.5%, but its housing supply has only increased 1.2%. Berkeley's median rent grew $400, or 12%, to $3,584 in 2015. That means a person must earn $143,360 to afford a median rent apartment. The median price of a house grew up 15% to $974,000.
Two Berkeley boys from Martin Luther King, Jr. Middle School escaped a possible attempted child abduction Monday after a man in a parked car beckoned them to come over and said he would drive them home. The incident comes in the wake of a spate of attempted abductions near Berkeley schools.
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks announced on Tuesday the new Chancellor's Committee on Sexual Violence, Harassment and Assault, which will recommend improvements to all campus services and policies related to sexual assault and violence. They will report to Dirks and Janet Napolitano by Oct. 15.
President Clinton at CGI-U (held at Cal) answers a question about what he'd tell his 20-year old self about life
UC Berkeley Design Community help!
How often do you masturbate?
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro will join the Berkeley Forum for a conversation on gentrification and affordable housing Thursday, April 7, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. at Chevron Auditorium. The event is open to the public.
I might have lost some sensitive information at the library
Someone might be in possession of my sensitive information?
Summer Classes for Chem 3A/AL and Math 53 Possibility?
College sophomore thinks she would make a good sex columnist
Business climate, retirement leads to closing of Crepes A-Go-Go
Basketball at the RSF?
CGI U event game: count the buzzwords!
Nursing after graduation
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: I ran into Kelli and Ashley—two white women—at SF Dyke March. In bed with them, I heard the phrase "exotic eyes and coloring like you". "I decided to stop sleeping with or dating white people indefinitely." To white people: "Ya'll can’t colonize this pussy."
Just wanted to let everyone know about the great Warriors podcasts available on itunes
Student concerns on the campus
He kinda looks like Anant Sahai mixed with a teletubby.
Hume Castle in the Berkeley Hills is now on the market for $5 million. From 1918 to 1924, it belonged to Samuel Hume, a Cal professor who taught in the dramatic literature and art departments while serving as Greek Theater's director, and his wife Portia, a psychiatrist who taught at UC Berkeley.
"Mutual flirtation": Yann Hufnagel presented 900 messages to defend himself. In one exchange she texted him to ask if she could stop by the Haas Pavilion to visit her "favorite assistant coach." On hearing that Hufnagel was in Las Vegas, she said that she would have to "step up (her) stalking game."
After an unexpected series of events, Alameda County Superior Court Judge Jeffrey Horner offered to lend his own clean underwear, trousers and socks to Darnell Williams Jr., a defendant standing trial for multiple murders including that of 8-year-old Alaysha Carradine at a sleepover in 2013.
Anyone have experiences with the L&amp;S CS advisors (besides Chris Hunn)?
What has ASUC done the past year?
Newly admitted CS majors, I have a question.
Racism Against Blacks at Cal
Will I get rescinded for a C?
Thinking about taking Philosophy 138 with John Searle
On Friday, April 1, 2016 at 1:51pm two suspicious people climbed on to a second floor balcony at the Manville Apartment complex. UCPD officers encountered Sofia Hargrove exiting an apartment dragging a laundry basket filled with burglarized items. David Jose Molina was outside with of stolen items.
UC lets in 15% more domestic students, 7.8% more OOS students. 6,842 out of 8,488 of these students are Hispanic/Black.
Computer Science Enrollment
Looking for a student to help out at a catastrophe insurance startup
Looking for a student to help out at a catastrophe insurance startup
UC Berkeley design community help!
La PanotiQ Bakery Cafe, known for its French pastries and array of desserts, celebrated its grand opening in Berkeley on Friday. The bakery cafe uses roasted coffee from Bicycle Coffee Co., which grows its ingredients on sustainable farms and delivers its coffee by bicycles throughout the Bay Area.
Daily Cal: "With voting for the ASUC elections beginning Monday, The Daily Californian is fact-checking some of the more significant assertions made by candidates at its annual ASUC elections forum held last week."
Daily Cal Editor in Chief and President Melissa Wen on the $2.50 per semester Ink Initiative Student Fee: "Today, our front page is blank. In its emptiness, it tells the story of a newspaper that needs your support — or it will risk losing the ability to tell any story at all."
Freshman Conditions for Admission
international house review
Marshawn Lynch recruits Bill Clinton to Cal
Berkeleytime will support the new scheduling system!
How much is landlord allowed to increase rent after a year?
UC Berkeley had a 14.8% acceptance rate this year. Down from 16.9% last year.
Do we need adviser codes for fall 2016?
Berkeley Class of 2020 Admission Statistics
Rich and going to a UC?
first year struggling to find major
Cal Baseball Sweeps UCLA at home by a combined score of 22-6 over the weekend
Hiring Trivia Night Hosts in Berkeley. No Experience Needed.
living on northside?
Bmail Google Inbox
Berkeley student on Free &amp; For Sale Facebook who was in front of Crossroads at 2am: "Being a mean person is not ok. Me and my friend earlier tonight at 2am got caught by a group of 10-20 black people looking for an unsuspecting group of people to beat up and get away with it, and they did."
10,000 SUBSCRIBERS GO BEARS
AP Credit at Cal?
Do prospective CS majors only have one shot to petition for the major?
Do prospective CS majors only have one shot to petition for the major?
Any Journalism majors here?
UC Berkeley ranked first in the 2016 edition of Forbes' "America’s Best Value Colleges" list of 300 schools, released Tuesday. Forbes: the top best-value schools were largely public, STEM-focused schools primarily located on the West Coast, instead of those in the Northeast and founded before 1800.
On Friday, U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria denied the Defend Affirmative Action Party its application for a temporary restraining order, or TRO, that aimed to halt the 2016 ASUC elections. Chhabria stated that enjoining an impending ASUC election was not in the public interest.
Why is the new course selection system such garbage?
Third year at UC Berkeley and I'm feeling so depressed and sad and lonely.
Is it hard to do undergraduate research at Berkeley?
I Love Berkeley
For P/NP, is passing more than 60 or 70%? Thanks
Trying to Make Friends
Easiest Professors for 61C and 70?
Claims of a Ponzi Scheme in the Collapse of a Rare-Wine Seller
BERKELEY RESTAURANT BRACKET. FINAL EIGHT!!
Doubling in EECS / BioE
Transferring from a 4-year to CC to Cal. Complicated question, please help.
If you plan on going to graduate school, what is more important: Department ranking or graduate ranking?
Berkeley Questions from First Year
Just a little confused on how AP Credits work
"We, the Senior Editorial Board of The Daily Californian, want to extend our most gracious thanks to the state auditor for spending 400,000 tax dollars to compile a report criticizing the University of California's money management and admissions practices."
On Thursday, a U.S. District Court judge ordered UC and campus officials to respond to a temporary restraining order application filed by the campus's Defend Affirmative Action Party. If U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria decides to grant an injunction, it could halt the 2016 ASUC elections.
On Thursday, a U.S. District Court judge ordered UC and campus officials to respond to a temporary restraining order application filed by the campus's Defend Affirmative Action Party. DPP alleged that the defendants had violated DAAP's freedom of speech, freedom of association and equal protection.
The Berkeley and Albany city councils announced Friday the city of Albany will become Berkeley's ninth council district. The expanded Berkeley City Council will be established in November via a ranked-choice election to see which of the five Albany council members will get the District 9 seat.
Former President Bill Clinton and his daughter Chelsea will be at Cal Friday through Sunday for the annual Clinton Global Initiative University event to discuss pressing issues with over 1,200 students from around the world. Chelsea Clinton will be judging a code-a-thon competition Friday afternoon.
Exchange my new Gold stole for a Navy one??
Update on Academic Realignment Initiative
[Video] "Chemical Dependency" A MUST SEE, Short Video Uncovering the underlying causes of Addiction
How much is a history minor worth?
Best Berkeley April Fools' Day Pranks
Is it as hard as everyone says?
M
Empowering Women of Color Conference [Next Weekend]
Empowering Women of Color Conference Next Weekend
April Fools Prank
Does anyone know this week's 61B magic word? Thanks!
What is L&amp;S bio like? Genetics?
Measures to increase student input in campus cost-cutting measures met with criticism from students
Question about transporation
MRW a prospective student asks me if Berkeley is really as hard as people say
How can I make Berkeley more affordable?
Engineering Internship or Summer Research?
Best mediterranean food in Berkeley
Unveiling a new name for the Open Computing Facility
An academic conference you can bring your baby to: The "Misconceptions of the Mind Conference," or MoMiCon, will be held at UC Berkeley. It will provide lactation and childcare space, kid-friendly food and entertainment, plus frequent breaks for breastfeeding and other nurturing needs.
The California Historical Society hosted a discussion about People's Park recently, and someone asked about the the park's future. UC Berkeley has tried several times to give the land to the city of Berkeley, which has rejected it because upkeep would be expensive and legal liability undesirable.
For 70 years, Elena Griffing, 90, has worked at Sutter Health's Alta Bates Summit Medical Center since 1946. She worked as an endocrinologist then spent 22 years in the burn center. She's spent her past 12 years as a patient relations representative helping patients feel comfortable at the hospital.
Madeline Dyer on the Berkeley Bubble: "We are all living within a bubble, sheltered from the rest of society and its politically incorrect conceptions." The first time I returned home: I told my brother, 10, it was not OK to dress up as a Native American for Halloween due to cultural appropriation.
Darnell Williams Jr. murder trial: "Amara York, 10, at times fell silent when asked to describe the gunman who opened fire as she opened the front door expecting to see her mother." Prosecutor John Brouhard: "Did you get an owie?" Amara was shot in the right shoulder. Her friend, Alaysha, 8, died.
11 UC Berkeley student candidates from the Defend Affirmative Action Party filed a lawsuit Wednesday against ASUC and UC Board of Regents, alleging violations of freedom of speech, free association and equal protection. They also sued ASUC President Yordanos Dejen and ASUC Judicial Council members.
Daily Cal: "UC Berkeley students currently pay 12 student fees — totaling more than $1,100 per student per year — that have been passed in various ASUC elections throughout the past two decades. The fees, many implemented beginning in the late 1900s, currently range from $2 to $150."
Extra CGI U Ticket for tomorrow evening?
Cheapest way to rent a car for the weekends?
UC Berkeley Student Senate Approves On-Campus Abortion Services
Anyone have an extra CGI U Plenary ticket for tomorrow?
a question about Berkeley
Metallica will play a free show at Rasputin in Berkeley
Looking for a student to help out at a catastrophe insurance startup
Since the Clinton Global Initiative is coming up, I thought it y'all should read this NYT article: Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal
Cal rugby routs Stanford, 121-5
Best lectures today
Hey guys, I'd love it if you'd take a listen to this! We're a nice sterile band out Berkeley, and we recently recorded our demo EP. Enjoy!
Translate knows what's up...
mmmmmmmmm
UC Irvine has now launched an Esports team with scholarships. Your move Athletics ;)
Well I hope it doe snot happen again.
Cal Net ID registration broken?
[discussion] What's one thing you would change about your majour?
University of California Adopts Policy Linking Anti-Zionism to Anti-Semitism
Crowds gathered around Sather Gate on Tuesday to watch a mock checkpoint demonstration by Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) which aimed to illustrate Israeli-Palestinian border relations. The event was part of SJP's Palestine Awareness Week intended to educate students on Palestinian affairs.
Kira the husky is currently running for ASUC president with SQUELCH!. Kira is all about diversity — she was born in Texas and travelled more than 300 miles before ending up a Bay Area shelter where she was adopted by Cal senior Nicola Evans. Her campaign platforms are decidedly anti-pigeon, however.
Robert H. Merriman was 23 years old when in 1932 he began studying at UC Berkeley for a Ph.D. in economics. He was the commander of the Abraham Lincoln Battalion and inspired the hero Robert Jordan in Ernest Hemingway's For Whom the Bell Tolls, the best-known novel of the Spanish Civil War.
March 29, 2016 at 9:30pm a strong arm robbery occurred on Spieker Plaza. The victim, a male student, 18, was walking from Valley Life Sciences. A female suspect asked to borrow his phone and walked toward Dwinelle Hall. He asked for his phone back. The suspect threatened him and fled with the phone.
On Tuesday, March 29, 2016 at 7:05 p.m. a strong arm robbery occurred in the Ellsworth Parking Structure. The victim, a 19 year old male student, had his arms were grabbed from behind by a male suspect. A second male suspect went through his pockets and took his wallet. Both suspects fled the scene.
These Nixle advisories are getting out of hand
What are the benefits of signing up as a Cal Alumni Association member?
Indeed.
UCI started an eSports initiative - thoughts?
The Ballad of Samses94: My Search for a Faceless God
How manageable are two classes over the summer?
I talked to Ben Gould about solving Berkeley's housing crisis. He had some surprisingly good answers.
The New York Times on colleges spending millions to deal with sexual misconduct complaints: "At the University of California, Berkeley, officials said, Title IX spending has risen by at least $2 million since 2013, though they declined to give the total."
Should I expect SchedulerBuilder or NinjaCourses to be relevant for the upcoming semester?
Missed the window to renew my BSC co-op contract for summer. What can I do?
prospective student - don't upvote
EECS master race is hate speech
April 8, 2011 a female Cal student was the victim of a sexual assault and robbery near Haviland Grove. UCPD developed new leads leading to Sheldon Harley Johnson and obtained a felony warrant. He was arrested in Murfreesboro, Tennessee March 19, 2016 and is pending extradition to California.
Police are hunting for a sexual assault suspect who attacked a woman Monday at McLaughlin Eastshore State Park's parking lot on University Avenue. The woman and man were acquaintances and went to the Seabreeze market. But at 10:30 p.m., the man sexually assaulted the woman and took off.
The Clinton Global Initiative University was launched by Bill Clinton in 2007. Over 1,000 students from around the world will meet at Cal this Friday through Sunday. Hosted by Chelsea, it will feature speakers like astronaut Cady Coleman and Conan O’Brien. All plenary sessions will be livestreamed.
The Berkeley Police, in collaboration with the Berkeley Animal Shelter, are investigating a cruelty to animals case that involved shooting five animals — a feral cat, an opossum and three raccoons — with what appears to be a type of pellet gun.
Darnell Williams Jr. rang the doorbell as he held a pistol. He waited for the doorknob to move and heard a little girl ask, “Who is it?” He opened fire, pointing downward. A girl, 8, died. This is the first time in a decade the Alameda County district attorney's office has sought the death penalty.
High School GPA?
Incoming Freshman ChemE Major -- Tips?
Arah Dress incident on Free and For Sale.
What program/language/resource should I learn or use to prepare for classes like CS61a, CS61b, and CS70?
Blood Test
Anywhere I can use a hot glue gun?
California System Enrolls Too Many Out-of-State Students, Audit Finds
No criminal charges in deadly Berkeley balcony collapse
Audit shows UC admission standards relaxed for out-of-staters
Photos: Police take the win in Berkeley Twilite battle
Scholarships for International Students?
Chances of getting into cs70 over summer?
Campuswide printers were hacked Friday and Saturday and programmed to print copies of anti-Semitic and white supremacist fliers. Andrew "weev" Aurenheimer took responsibility. UCPD Sgt. Sabrina Reich: "The FBI is aware and is assisting local agencies, including UCPD, as we look into the matter."
On Monday morning, anti-gay and transgender fliers appeared on printers at the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: I overheard my boyfriend Jake, a guy I met at my strip club, bragging to his buddies about "bagging a stripper". I was expected to cater to his emotional needs. If my stripping career has taught me anything, it's that my time and energy are valuable.
Is Berkeley Trump country? California Republicans will find out
L&amp;S acceptee
Calling all Berkeley Engineering Students to the Rescue! [Junior Transfer Question]
SFSU employee assaults white student for culturally appropriating her.
Summer session - Arabic
2016 ASUC student advocate candidates: Stephanie Nicole Garcia and Selina Lao. Lao is chief of staff to Student Advocate Leah Romm. Garcia represents Defend Affirmative Action Party and has organized students to protest sexual misconduct policies including demonstrations against her alleged rapist.
Kelsi Krandel: Confessions of a breast reduction before college. I was 15 and in physical therapy for chronic lower back pain, I was wearing 32DDD bras that were too small, looked big in pictures despite being a very active and fit teenage girl, and blew money on special-ordered bra-sized swimsuits.
No. 20 Cal baseball sweeps No. 3 Oregon State behind stellar pitching. Saturday’s bulldog performance by starter Matt Ladrech wrapped up the series sweep for the No. 20 Bears (14-6) against the No. 3 Beavers (16-5).
Berkeley's Heroes of the Dorm video gaming team is back in the saddle after Harvard's team was eliminated for cheating. Tournament co-sponsor Blizzard Entertainment coordinated a second-round match between Cal and Purdue University Indianapolis to see who would replace Harvard, and Berkeley won.
Fall Program for Freshmen
Feeling depressed and incompetent
Incoming EECS student, want to see a first-year schedule...
Physics 137A without Physics 7C?
Fall 2016 Math Courses
iPhone screen replacement recommendations?
"Being Canadian" - Film &amp; Filmmaker Q&amp;A | Free matinee Wed March 30; Evening show Thu March 31 $20
Appealing to UCB
Am I the only one bothered by the fact that apps are somehow a platform for ASUC politics?
Can a UCSD student get health care at UCB (with SHIP)?
Good upper div CS courses...
SWEET SIXTEEN! BERKELEY RESTAURANT BRACKET!
Fall 2016 Schedule Released
Nicholas Dirks appointed Carla Hesse as the interim lead on UC Berkeley's response to sexual harassment and assault claims Sunday. A specialist in the history of women and modern European history, Hesse has also served as chair of the Committee on Women in the American Historical Association.
A car with two passengers traveling along the Berkeley Marina drove off the road and into the bay 11:58 p.m. Saturday. Officers threw emergency flotation devices into the water to help them get off the fully submerged vehicle. They were taken to the hospital. The driver was arrested for DUI.
Led by freshman gymnast Haden McCarey, the entire California men's gymnastics' team spent most of Saturday at the Berkeley Marina cleaning up trash and waste that had been left or had made its way down Strawberry Creek.
Waitlist...
I can't P/NP my classes - help?
I hate and suck at math. What upper div classes can get me into it?
L&amp;S CS GPA Requirement to be 3.5?
UC Berkeley or CSUN?
Need roommate(s) for Seattle/Redmond area in the fall
Student relieved not to be using Berkeley Bathroom over break
Grasshuggers Hike
Berkeley or UW Seattle?
happy easter go bears
Where are some good places on or around campus to catch the sunrise?
How is CS 61B and is anyone taking it this summer?
Need roommates for Seattle/Redmond area in the fall
hey friends. Be subtle, but, uh, where can I buy adderall?
New Econ Admit Who Needs Some Advice
Question about an appeal to a different major.
Admitted to L&amp;S for Economics; Can I switch to CS?
Attaining 3.3 GPA for CS
How to get from San Jose to Berkeley efficiently this summer?
How to get from San Jose to Berkeley efficiently this summer?
Applying to ISF program
Questions about Nuclear Engineering
Racist posters in UC printers; PSA: if you find one, report to your department and/or UCPD
PSA: Medical emergency closes Downtown Berkeley BART Station
I can't fill my prescription. Has anyone bought adderrall on yik yak?
Why is a culture of cheating acceptable at Cal?
CS70 help I'm dying
Thanks everyone! I'm gonna be a Golden Bear!!!!
[Image] UCB Campus BEV Wallpaper
USC vs. UCB (Prospective Student)
Didn't get a 3.0 UW for first semester of senior year
The ASUC passed Senate Resolution 69, which urges University Health Services to implement medication abortion services. The bill states that students should have access to legal, safe medical abortions. Primary sponsor Aanchal Chugh: Tang Center has ability and resources to provide these services.
In 1980, 13 female students accused Cal sociology professor Abdelbaki Hermassi of unwanted sexual advances. One said he offered a higher grade if she'd sleep with him. University officials found him responsible for sexual misconduct and suspended him without pay for one quarter. Students protested.
Boycotts and sit-ins force UC Berkeley to hire outsourced custodians, giving them higher wages and better benefits. Although contractor Antonio Ruiz had done the same job as directly employed workers, he made only $13 an hour while unionized employee counterparts earned $24 an hour and had benefits.
Question about skipping math courses
Skipping math classes?
Advice for Transfer Student who wants a CS degree at UC Berkeley?
Daily Cal to Black freshmen: plan to procrastinate - incorporate it into your schedules and routines. Procrastination is nature’s way of reminding college students they still have some free will
Changing Careers - how hard is it to transfer into a Computer Science degree at UC Berkeley as a former UC grad?
Econ and Haas Questions
Berkeley Pro Tip: Be wary of new "friends" these upcoming weeks.
Berkeley Pro Tip: Be wary of new "friends" these upcoming weeks.
Snapped a pic of the bay area from my sky yacht
It may be spring break, but the view from the Big C is as glorious as ever
As an incoming freshman, should I skip to calc 2 if I can or start at calc 1?
I got selected as a Regents Scholar at Berkeley. Should I come here?
Will Research for Money
Didn't get a 3.0 uw first semester of senior year
Berkeley Premed?
Tristan Chaix, the 33-year-old Berkeley man arrested after a double stabbing in a University Avenue apartment earlier this week, told authorities he "should have killed everyone there." Police: Double stabbing was unprovoked. Chaix went into the kitchen, got three kitchen knives, and stabbed people.
Leslie Smith: "A BPD patrol car was in Berkeley Animal Care Services' parking lot. It doesn't normally require police presence, but a threat was made to burn down the building with staff and volunteers tied up inside. The reason: people were outraged by the euthanasia of a big blue dog named Adam."
Ted Edlin: "In the 50 plus years I have lived in North Berkeley I have no recollection of daytime armed robberies in this area. If you want police and fire protection, you had better start to pay attention because ignoring the problem is going to cost you an arm and a leg and maybe your life."
Daily Cal on terms you should know: "EECS Master Race: In discussing the academic hierarchy, a small, select group has self-proclaimed its own major as the top of the totem pole. EECS students are electrical engineering and computer sciences majors, in addition to being the head of the food chain."
nuclear engineering
Street Photography show on Solano ave. this April.
Admissions Thread
What's it like being a social science major at Cal?
Questions for Environmental Economics &amp; Policy majors
College of Chemistry is safe!
What time do admission decisions come out?
Need a huge favor. Will pay.
NYT: Sexual Harassment Cases Tarnish Berkeley’s Image as a Center of Social Activism
Jennifer Doudna, a professor of MCB and of chemistry, will share the 2016 Canada Gairdner International Awards with four others for their roles in discovering and re-engineering the CRISPR-Cas9 system to create today's most-talked-about genetic tool. Each award winner will receive $100,000 Canadian.
At Berkeley in 1982, former entomology professor George Poinar, Jr. and his wife, an electron-microscopist, published a study that inspired author Michael Crichton's Jurassic Park. They described their discovery that amber could preserve intracellular structures in an organism trapped inside.
UC students from the Berkeley, Irvine and San Diego campuses met at the Monterey Bay Aquarium on Tuesday to promote Save the Bag Ban, an effort to garner a yes vote on the November ballot measure that would prohibit the use of single use plastic bags.
Administrators at Cal report three students studying abroad in Brussels have been contacted and are all safe. Professor Jeroen DeWulf, Director of Cal's Institute of European Studies: "Brussels is being seen, at least certain neighborhoods in Brussels, are being seen as the capital of Jihad."
Court refuses to block Berkeley law requiring cell phone warnings
Jennifer Doudna, a professor of MCB and of chemistry, will share the 2016 Canada Gairdner International Awards with four others for their roles in discovering and re-engineering the CRISPR-Cas9 system to create today's most-talked-about genetic tool. Each award winner will receive $100,000 Canadian.
At Berkeley in 1982, former entomology professor George Poinar, Jr. and his wife, an electron-microscopist, published a study that inspired author Michael Crichton's Jurassic Park. They described their discovery that amber could preserve intracellular structures in an organism trapped inside.
UC students from the Berkeley, Irvine and San Diego campuses met at the Monterey Bay Aquarium on Tuesday to promote Save the Bag Ban, an effort to garner a yes vote on the November ballot measure that would prohibit the use of single use plastic bags.
Administrators at Cal report three students studying abroad in Brussels have been contacted and are all safe. Professor Jeroen DeWulf, Director of Cal's Institute of European Studies: "Brussels is being seen, at least certain neighborhoods in Brussels, are being seen as the capital of Jihad."
Reddit site-wide comments and threads are lagging right now. Don't worry. It's not just you.
Getting a copy of my application
On March 22, 2016 at 1:40 p.m. an attempted strong arm robbery occurred in front of Café Mediterranean. The male victim, 33, was approached by two male suspects. One threatened to harm him if he didn't give him his backpack. The victim, fearful for his safety, ran into the Café and contacted UCPD.
SHIP, physical check up?
Any pick up soccer on or around campus?
Questions for Comp. Lit Majors
Alumni or current students- what did your resumes look like to get in?
Berkeley's ham radio courses may be one reason that California continues to lead the nation in the number of Amateur Radio licensees. The classes are taught by electrical engineering and computer sciences professor Michael Lustig, and most of his students come from within his department.
Andrew S. Grove, 79, the longtime chief executive and chairman of Intel, died Monday at his home in Los Altos, Calif. He earned a doctorate in chemical engineering at Berkeley. He had two daughters — whose names were never revealed by the media because of his insistence on protecting their privacy.
10 Berkeley grad students will compete March 28 at I-House in the Grad Slam, which is free. They will pit TED-style presentations of their research against one another to win cash. One will have a chance to compete in the UC-wide Grad Slam at LinkedIn, where celebrity judges will pick the winners.
Five UC Berkeley faculty have been selected as recipients of the 2016 Distinguished Teaching Award, Cal's most prestigious honor for teaching. They are: Wendy Brown, Political Science; Georgina Kleege, English; Anne Joseph O’Connell, Law; Lisa Pruitt, Mechanical Engineering; Irfan Siddiqi, Physics.
Ping Pong at Berkeley
My third favorite week during the school year
Man wanted after South Side Berkeley sexual assault arrested in Tennessee
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: "I saw a group of young guys from a frat sporting Cal gear walk into my strip club. They looked instantly out of place. After about 30 minutes, none of them had spent any money, the strippers were ignoring them, and their group looked disappointed."
Melissa Murray named interim dean of UC Berkeley School of Law, following input on the appointment from students and staff.
Question about UC consecutive fine art requirement
Kelsi Krandel: When someone finds out I'm in a sorority before they've gotten to know me, I worry they're instinctively reducing me to ideas and stereotypes. I try to figure out if her expression indicates genuine curiosity, polite interest or a fixed mask to hide her complete and total judgement.
Civil and environmental engineering professor and department chair Robert Harley has made a list of the top 20 civil engineering professors in the U.S. Also a faculty research scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, he serves as the co-editor of Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics.
UC Berkeley announced it reached an agreement with AFSCME 3299 to end the union's "speakers boycott" at UC Berkeley. As part of the agreement, Cal will extend job offers to all regular night shift and athletics custodians who presently do this work through private contractors.
Free Ross Ulbricht -- Demonstration
What should I know about teaching in/around Berkley?
RIP Telebears
Commuting
Members of the Berkeley Police and Berkeley Fire departments traveled to Ireland last week at the invitation of the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade who wished to thank the first responders for the way they handled the tragic balcony collapse at 2020 Kittredge St. on June 16.
After less than two full days of deliberation, an Alameda County Superior Court jury found Brandon Wallace guilty of first-degree murder, attempted murder and unlawful possession of a firearm in a 2010 Berkeley double shooting that has been slow to work its way through the system.
Berkeley High boys basketball team win first NorCal title since 1921. When the Yellowjackets last won a NorCal championship, Babe Ruth had completed one season with the Yankees, and the founding of the precursor to the National Basketball Association was still 24 years in the future.
Stats 134 and Econ 100A over summer?
New student housing design documents.
Guacamole 61, a diminutive take-out restaurant, opened this week at Epicurious Garden in Gourmet Ghetto. Its name was inspired by the 1961 Chevy Impala convertible of founder Willy Perez (Berkeley High, class of 1995). He plans to give some of the profit to non-profits combatting human trafficking.
Tyson Jolly, four-star commit for Cal men's basketball: "Given the uncertainty at Cal, I have decided 2 ask out of my LOI and reopen my recruitment. This was not an easy decision, but the right 1." Cal may lose freshmen Ivan Rabb and Jaylen Brown and senior Tyrone Wallace to the 2016 NBA Draft.
Under new owner Prima Donna Hotels, Gourmet Ghetto's French Hotel, which was built in 1917, will be renamed SenS Hotel, and its cafe will be named Bistro Berkeley. Arlene Nzensky: The ownership change is just the latest in a trend across the Bay Area of larger businesses replacing local businesses.
Has anyone/does anyone know about someone who studied abroad in Switzerland for the global and international studies program, and also did the summer internship afterwards?
Has anyone/does anyone know about someone who studied abroad in Switzerland for the global and international studies program, and also did the summer internship afterwards?
ROUND 2! BERKELEY RESTAURANT BRACKET!!!
3.4 GPA, Can I get in? What improvements do I need?
Graduate housing as an incoming international student
Mayoral candidate Ben Gould on the stigma surrounding homeless people: "I think that ensuring Berkeley as a safe haven for all people, homeless or not, is crucial. No one will feel threatened by homeless people, and they don't feel like they physically have to displace homeless people either."
Eda Yu: "UC Berkeley is far more moderate than it was in the '60s. The student population's somewhat reserved attitudes toward social justice contrast strongly with those of the city of Berkeley. Many have begun to feel like there is more inaction now than ever before."
Gabby Bozmarova and Eugene Chang, two Cal undergraduates, organized McDonald's Wednesday night reopening gala, where customers celebrated by dressing up in black-tie attire and dining with friends. The restaurant, located at 1998 Shattuck Ave., had been closed for four months due to renovations.
City Council voted to overturn Landmarks Preservation Commission's December decision to classify the original Berkeley Bowl building as a "structure of merit." Building owner Glenn Yasuda had submitted an appeal that the application for landmark status was hostile to proposed user Berkeley Honda.
Is the area around the trader joes on university ave "safe"?
3.4 GPA, Can I get in? What improvements do I need.
Admissions: Received email about FPF, good news?
Day date in Berkeley?
Jared Goff made his return to Memorial Stadium on Friday in preparation to move to the NFL. All 32 teams were present. And his hands aren’t as small as they say. Measuring in at nine and one-eighth inches, they were only one-eighth of an inch more than they were just a few weeks prior.
Nathan Magee on political correctness in Cal: What is not reasonable is a 2015 seminar that invited the deans and department heads of 10 UC schools to be informed of potentially offensive messages found in the classroom, including but not limited to referring to America as "the land of opportunity."
How hard is it to get into the college of chemistry?
Spencer Simpson: "Caught amid the pressures of everyone's favorite bastion of liberal wisdom and a society in which anti-Blackness is a constantly ebbing undercurrent, Black students on Cal's campus will undoubtedly find themselves facing this bleak black nothingness in varying degrees."
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: Administration's decision to review names of all buildings should result in renaming Barrows Hall to rid Cal of imperialist monuments. Where a white supremacist's name adorns the building that houses the ethnic studies and GWS departments, this move is long overdue.
After nearly seven months of campaigning, 69 previously subcontracted workers have officially been insourced as UC employees, ending an ongoing campus speakers’ boycott. The workers — employed by ABM, PerformanceFirst and LAZ Parking — were previously a part of the UC's two-tier employment policy.
Buffalo Wings?!
UC officials defend Claude Steele’s appointment to law school faculty amid controversy
Typical Berkeley Bernie Sanders supporter interacts with the police
Flying down for the first time, on business. What should I know? And is the city as crazy as I have heard?
Question about undergrad admission?
Does Cal allow Co-op Internships?
With two key players missing for Cal, Hawaii upsets Cal 77-66
Where to get the cheapest case of shitty beer
Summer research?
Donald Trump supporter plans to bait UC Berkeley students into responding belligerently to his political views on camera. Receives 2k+ karma from r/The_Donald
Cal economist Danny Yagan: Economic recovery has been unusually sluggish and uneven. At the current pace of improvement, employment rates across the U.S. won't return to normal levels until the 2020s, “amounting to more than a relative 'lost decade' of depressed employment for…half of the country."
When President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 in 1942 mandating the removal of all persons of Japanese ancestry, one person he upended was Cal art professor Chiura Obata. This year, several of his paintings of the internment are being added to the Smithsonian collection.
Time's Money Magazine: Here's Why UC Berkeley Will Win March Madness. "We rank colleges by analyzing their educational outcomes, affordability, and career outcomes. And if the NCAA tournament comes down to which provides the best value for your money, the Bears will be cutting down the net April 4."
Cal students and professors: All groups at UC Berkeley have the right to free expression, but none have the right to prevent others from doing likewise, least of all by using violence. The disruption last week was not an example of protest, it was not the exercise of free speech.
The UC Berkeley cheerleading squad paid a visit to 9-year-old Lillia Bartlow both of whose legs were broken in a March 8 crash. Lillia was flanked by her father Darryl and mother Kadijah. Darryl called for better traffic control at Tuesday's Berkeley City Council meeting: "Cars fly down Claremont.
Sexual assault survivor Sofie Karasek created a new website that sheds light on UC Berkeley's history of sexual harassment problems. She posted clips from a campus archive of material from old student newspapers and magazines — material that wasn't available online.
UC proposal on intolerance says "anti-Zionism" is unacceptable on campus | LA Times
A quick question about an L&amp;S breadth class
Arbitrary GSI grading?
Are there any rehearsal studio spaces in Berkeley that rent small spaces for music production (not bands)?
How do you like the new subreddit layout? Any suggestions on what to change, or what you want to see more of?
BERKELEY RESTAURANT BRACKET (MARCH MADNESS FOR FOOD IN BERKELEY)!!!
BERKELEY RESTAURANT BRACKET ROUND ONE! (MARCH MADNESS FOR FOOD)
Here are many beautiful and big women for s...x! fUF3SyMY
⊕서산op§+서산오피 ◆김포오피《JJZOA40.com》ღღღ압구정오피 숨김오피 수원오피 장안동오피
Prospective Econ transfer student with a question about course load at Cal
Sources: Cal's Tyrone Wallace breaks hand
Looking for guidance in the physics program
Roommate Thoughts?
Transfer in need of help
Cal's Greater Good Science Center researchers helped Facebook develop a compassion department that advises engineers about ways to help users use Facebook with greater emotional intelligence. They recommended a social reporting tool to help users resolve their own conflicts over questionable posts.
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board on lackluster responses to sexual harassment: Napolitano shouldn't have to clean up Nicholas Dirks' mess. She "sent a scathing letter last week, scolding him for his improper handling of the cases and lamenting that she first heard of this all through the media."
Malcolm X Elementary School is on alert after a young girl reported two men in a green van followed her to school on Monday, March 14. One man got out of the van and tried to grab her, prompting her to run away. The van is similar to one used in one of the five child abduction incidents in the fall.
Claude Steele recuses from law dean selection. Forum poster on conflict of interest: "Steele opens investigation against Choudhry for sexual harassment; Choudhry gets Steele appointed to the law faculty in a quickie vote; Steele gives Choudhry a slap on the wrist for the sexual harassment charges."
Miguel Luis Martinez, a UC Berkeley freshman and former track and field student-athlete, died March 10 of a pulmonary embolism. He was 19. Martinez was proud of his Latino heritage and spent much of his time at Jesuit High School involved in La Raza as well as several other social justice campaigns.
My friend and I made a tool to see all the events at Cal
Berkeley City Council passes item 7-0-2 in support of campus speakers’ boycott
I'm a high school student who wants to go to Berkeley. If there are ANY tips on getting in I'd appreciate them
Learn about Cal's first round opponent, Hawaii, from their beat writer Brian McInnis
So, Sheryl Sandberg is the 2016 commencement speaker. Thoughts?
Amazon Echo on Airbears2?
EECS professor Pieter Abbeel and students Arjun Singh, Ibrihim Awwal, Sergey Karayev and their Skydeck-accelerated company Gradescope has been named one of the 16 finalists of Inc Magazine's Coolest College Start-Ups list. Online voting is open for the Best College Startup of 2016.
EECS professor Pieter Abeel and students Arjun Singh, Ibrihim Awwal, Sergey Karayev and their Skydeck-accelerated company Gradescope has been named one of the 16 finalists of Inc Magazine's Coolest College Start-Ups list. Online voting is open for the Best College Startup of 2016.
Berkeley students Arjun Singh, Ibrihim Awwal, Sergey Karayev and their Skydeck-accelerated company Gradescope has been named one of the 16 finalists of Inc Magazine's Coolest College Start-Ups list. Gradescope is an online grading platform. Online voting is open for the Best College Startup of 2016.
SpoonRocket informed investors it’s shutting down its on-demand pre-made meal delivery service after failing to raise the necessary capital to continue. It published a goodbye blog post saying it will transition customers to competitor Sprig, which is offering SpoonRocket users a $10 discount.
A man harassed a female student and tried to get her to go into his car March 7, 2016, at 12:39 p.m. and left. The victim called 911 and as she was on the phone, he returned. He began yelling at the victim. A bystander began taking pictures of the suspect's Acura and the suspect left.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: Pay for your porn. If a video gets many views, a performer is more likely to be invited back. My friend Electra Rayne, a Northwestern undergrad, hopes to transfer to Cal. She spent nine hours in an SF warehouse shooting for Insex as a sub in a BDSM scene.
What the hell was this I just found on /u/The_Donald ?
"How many of you would be interested in a "10 hours of walking around UC Berkeley as a Donald Trump supporter" filmed with a Go-Pro?" Something to look forward to.
What's a good moving company for moving inside the Berkeley limits?
BPD are in full military gear in response to a shooting. How do berkeley residents feel about this?
Does anyone know how I can watch John Burbank's talk at Haas in October?
Is failing a pass/fail that bad?
Fired Cal assistant coach shut out reporter after she refused sex, report says
ASUC Elections Council holds emergency meeting at 1:30 AM. Proceeds to delete the minutes from the meeting and calls another emergency meeting at 7:00 PM.
Quick survey for class project!
MythBusters Co-host and Executive Producer Jamie Hyneman at the Berkeley Forum Tuesday March 15, 2016, at 6:00 p.m. at Location: Anna Head Alumnae Hall. The event is open to the public. Entry to the event will be open to ticketholders and, space-permitting, a limited number of walk-ins.
Tania Lombrozo, a Cal psychology professor: I faint once every 10 years. First time: I was 16; my mother caught me. Second time: My husband caught me. Third time: Last week my daughter woke me at 3 a.m. to help her use the potty. I felt I was going to pass out. I didn't lie down. I got a black eye.
Haas School of Business alum Rebecca Lynn is among the world's top 20 venture capitalists, according to a new ranking by the research company CB Insights. Lynn is managing director and co-founder of Canvas Ventures, and she invested early in the alternative lending platform Lending Club.
Berkeley 2008: A stranger raped two teens, 15 and 19. They did a rape kit, which was untested for six years; the perpetrator's DNA was already in the system. An hours-long process: Blood, urine, fingernail clippings, hair and swabs from her mouth, genitals and anus. Photos are taken of her body.
Centuries-old names that adorn buildings, streets and squares are under siege -- from Stanford's Serra Mall to UC Berkeley's Barrows Hall. Students, inspired in part by the Black Lives Matter movement, are calling for the removal of symbols honoring people connected to slavery and colonialism.
Intentionally fail CS for chance at CS major or just settle for minor?
Tailors near campus and tailoring prices?
How far is too far for commuting to Berkeley?
Does anyone know if these guys are legit? My whole street got them
Yоu caп find fаst саsuаl sех hоokup аt this sitе
RIP SpoonRocket
How much does CS70 build on Math 54?
What do you use the EECS Cory servers for?
Words Of Wisdom From A Professional Third Wheel
In a social media-saturated environment, college has lost a sense of authenticity and emotional sincerity. Rather than being in-tune with genuine experiences and real identities, we are left with a college culture of fabrication.
Cal assistant basketball coach Yann Hufnagel fired for violating school's sexual harassment policy
The ASUC Elections Council voted unanimously to deny CalSERVE the right to use its current party name, citing its similarity to UC Berkeley's branding. The ASUC Judicial Council issued an emergency injunction. CalSERVE's Ismael Contreras: "We've been using this name for over 31 years."
When Tyann Sorrell said working with Sujit Choudhry during the investigation would make her uncomfortable, Berkeley Law told her she would have to use accrued sick and vacation time. She left a voicemail to OPHD describing her situation and didn't receive a call back until two weeks later.
Where can I get good sweet potato fries in berk?
The walkway (now stairs) between Sutardja Dai and Cory before construction of the Sutardja Dai hall
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Encryption (HBO)
4 Hours by St/i/z•z•Y | Free Listening on SoundCloud
Bracket Flames: Cal a 'Golden' ticket worth buying
Star Wars?
Berkeley's Environment?
Hoping for some more good sunsets when this rain breaks
“When you listen to (electronic) music, a lot of people think they are just listening to a computer, and you’re just pressing buttons and it’s coming out good because of all the technology.”
Thanks...
Potential J1 worker looking for help
Cal Men's Basketball 4th seed in March Madness!
I was sure the words I was singing were flowing straight out of Bella Swan’s mouth. I emailed the voice memo to a few of my close friends, and they told me I should send it to the producers of the “New Moon” movie.
Martin has consistently followed the unbeaten path in his comedy career, which included a stint as a writer on “Late Night with Conan O’Brien,
Janet Napolitano directed Nicholas Dirks to bar Sujit Choudhry from campus for the rest of the term and institute disciplinary proceedings that could result in suspension or dismissal. Napolitano also told Dirks that UC does not intend to defend Choudhry against Tyann Sorrell’s claims in court.
Question for EECS majors
This smoothie is mango us crazy with how refreshing it tastes. Mango sorbet is blended with mango and pineapple. The best part? You can use meal points to buy this. Stop by The Den or Golden Bear Cafe and get some of this good stuff in your life right now.
I'm looking to rent a room ASAP and through the summer: 23/m, '14 graduate of BU, English teacher/writer/musician.
Ben H. Bagdikian, 96, died on Friday at his home in Berkeley. Over five decades, he was a reporter, editor and ombudsman for The Washington Post, where he was the conduit for the Pentagon Papers, and for many years a professor and the dean of Cal's Graduate School of Journalism.
Eda Yu on transferring from L&amp;S to CoC: When I got to UC Berkeley in L&amp;S, I absolutely hated it. What bothered me most was the dearth of community on Berkeley's campus. But in the College of Chemistry, it’s incredibly easy to get to know people. You recognize the same faces in your STEM classes.
Rebecca Hurwitz: Photos from my childhood home. The summer after my high school senior year, cancer spread all over my mom's body. She had two months left. It was mid-August 2014. Instead of coming to UC Berkeley for my freshman year, I deferred a year to be with her. She passed away that October.
Graham Fleming was terminated Friday from his Berkeley Global Campus ambassador role after last year's sexual harassment allegations. The decision was reached after Dirks and Napolitano discussed expectations for handling sexual misconduct incidents. Cal: 17 open sexual harassment investigations.
Transferring from De Anza College to UC Berkeley ChemE
Goldiggers at Stanford
Can I borrow your Calnet ID to get access to library materials?
In light of an uptick in violent crime in the city by 19.5 percent, primarily due to an increase in robberies, UCPD announced the adoption of Nixle, a tool that alerts users about threats to safety. UCPD selected it because it automatically registers everyone with a berkeley.edu email address.
A violent gang feud historically fought on city streets has expanded to Interstate 80. Tamonni Featherstone, 22, posted an Instagram video. He said he couldn't show his car's outside for fear someone would recognize it and find and kill him. Less than a week later, he was shot dead at a red light.
Supporters of Lilia, a 9-year-old girl whose legs were broken earlier this week when a taxi struck her and her mother, Khadija, in a crosswalk, have raised over $5,000 on a GoFundMe campaign to help her. The crash happened after a PTA meeting at John Muir Elementary School where Lilia is a student.
Eight-year-old Stephane Lin had a cough that she couldn’t quite seem to kick and was diagnosed with asthma. The doctor warned attacks such as this would only get worse, unless Stephane adopted some sort of physical activity. A five-star, top-100 recruit, Stephane is now a Cal varsity tennis player.
UC Berkeley Apartment housing?
Quick question for people attending U.C. Berkeley
Quick question for people attending U.C. Berkeley
An inside look into sororities and fraternities at UC Berkeley
Hey /r/Berkeley! Is anyone looking for a roommate for the summer?
Lucy Tate and John Penilla: "The status quo, being maintained by the Berkeley Forum's inaction, is the continuation of labor exploitation ­­wage theft, detestable working conditions, 80-hour work weeks, child labor, breakdown of family time and a lack of benefits and living wages."
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: Sexual harassment culture at UC Berkeley must end. Sujit Choudhry's resignation as dean means he is now a regular faculty member, holding authority over students and controlling their grades. This is not a solution to the problem. The university needs to fire him."
I built a website that shows the grade distribution for every course, professor, and semester and can predict your end-of-semester grade(s)
"Fake deepness is also present on this campus... Any critiques of socialist heartthrob Bernie Sanders, especially the concerns of Black students around his plans to combat structural racism, are drowned out by assertions that not supporting Sanders is equivalent to letting his rivals win."
Official CSS Pitchforks Thread
How are CS minors treated for recruiting?
How important is Math 54 for CS70?
Class Project Survey!
Cal Basketball wins the Pac-12 quarterfinal tournament beating Oregon State to move on to face Utah in the semi-finals tomorrow.
Berkeley law school dean resigns amid sex harassment lawsuit
Overcoming study fatigue
When does off-campus housing start opening up?
The SQUELCH! party announced Thursday a satirical ASUC presidential candidate, Kira the Husky, running on platforms of "bipawtisanship," counseling for "ruff" days and pigeon extermination, among others. Andrea Rose, SQUELCH!'s creative director: Kira is "one of the friendliest dogs I've ever met".
Madeline Dyer: I am "concerned by the close-mindedness that permeates the UC Berkeley campus on matters relating to faith ... I know whenever I utter His name, consciously or not, I find my peers looking at me in confusion, surprise and sometimes even disdain."
Jorden Johnson, a 17-year-old senior at Berkeley High School, dreamed of playing college football. In Summer 2015 he was diagnosed with Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON), an inherited form of vision loss. Over time, symptoms worsen until, eventually, the person completely loses his eyesight.
Alastair Boone of BSC: "I live in a house with 140 people, and nobody flushes the toilet. It is a conscious effort to help combat California's drought through collective action. Given that a single flush can use up to seven gallons of water, as a band of 140, we have the power to make an impact."
Public policy professor Robert Reich writes: Donald Trump is a 21st century American fascist. It suggests why Donald Trump presents such a profound danger to the future of America and the world." Trump performs best in places where middle-aged whites are dying the fastest.
Is math 53 very important as a prerequisite to CS 189?
Dropping URAP
Berkeley Public Library card requirements raise concerns: “You wouldn’t require photo ID for voting, so why would you require (it) for a public resource?”
Berkeley Law dean resigns amid sexual harassment allegations, lawsuit
Anybody have reviews for the Berkeleyan Gaia apartments?
Any good science podcasts or blogs made by Berkeley grad students?
Two female visitors, 17 and 16, were approached by a male Sunday, March 6, 2016, who said he was a graduate student. He approached her 11:38am in Evans. When she refused to go outside he grabbed her by the wrist to try force her. At Boalt 12:48pm the suspect wanted to photograph another female.
How can a CS minor avoid getting overlooked during career fairs/info sessions?
Rolling Stone: "There's a lot of fear out there [about automation]," says Cal roboticist Ken Goldberg, head of a "People and Robots" initiative to enhance human-robot collaboration and is working on surgical robots. "You're paying this star surgeon to sit there and sew. It's not a good use of time."
Public universities receive regular requests from law enforcement for private students, faculty, and staff data. Berkeley issued the first transparency report for a public university. It revealed the school receives requests more frequently than Apple, adjusted for the number of users.
The suspect that police believe is behind four sexual assaults in Berkeley is still on the loose and that has residents on edge. Berkeley police Chief Michael Meehan sat in front of the city council Tuesday evening detailing the annual crime report. There is fear that this predator may attack again.
A fourth-grade girl, 9, from John Muir Elementary School was hit by a car Tuesday 7:40pm as she was with her mother in a crosswalk on Claremont Avenue that parents have long complained is poorly lit and needs the city's attention. The girl's legs were broken. She was treated at a local hospital.
Interested in playing D&amp;D?
An inside look into sororities and fraternities at UC Berkeley
Cal Football Beat Writer Connor Letourneau on why Jared Goff is the best quarterback in the draft
Sujit Choudhry will take an indefinite leave of absence, but will remain a faculty member amid sexual harassment allegations from Tyann Sorrell. Provost Claude Steele told Sorrell he had "seriously considered terminating the Dean" but had decided not to because "it would ruin the Dean's career."
Cal student here... kind of spam, but if you have a minute please fill out this survey for a fellow bear. Thanks go bears!
"I’m far into the second semester of my first year and I’m starting to realize that perhaps college is even more of a bubble than high school was."
Food for thought relevant to the Daily Cal's Ink Initiative: "What Happened When the City of Kent Lost Nearly All of Its Newspapers"
Dean of UC Berkeley School of Law sued for sexual harassment
People tend to overestimate their personal contributions as groups increase in size, according to a recent study led by Juliana Schroeder, an assistant professor at Haas School of Business. The study included four experiments, including one with 699 Harvard University MBA students in study groups.
Ben Gould, a graduate student, filed his intent to run for Berkeley mayor. Gould will run on platforms such as improving housing affordability, creating a city-campus partnership to address student homelessness and restoring city leadership on social justice and environmental issues, among others.
Many voters are upset by images of black people driven from Donald Trump rallies. Where is the outrage that African Americans are being driven from SF/Berkeley by the skyrocketing housing cost? Cal writer Jeremy Adam Smith on how white liberals share blame for the rise of Trump.
Pregnant Australian Fitness Model Shows More Abs Than Most Men
Cal’s Jaylen Brown has scholarly ambitions
Dropping URAP
M.Eng Admission Question
M.Eng Admission questions
Alum looking for climate change course to audit
UC Berkeley freshman Grant Laut balances music, modeling. He utilizes the electric guitar to produce original tunes. Laut took up modeling in fifth grade and has done shoots for Playstation, Muscle Milk and many companies since. He is in his second semester in Sigma Chi, a social fraternity.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: After Toni was caught giving a blow job at my club, she was fired immediately. Toni was forced to take her work to the street level. A few weeks later, we saw her picture on evening news: Oakland police identified a beaten, dismembered body near Lake Meritt.
Moving story behind photo of Joe Biden and former Cal student Sofie Karasek, 22, a sexual assault survivor, at the Oscars. She told Biden that before she went on stage she had been thinking about all the people who weren't there because they'd taken their own lives after being sexually assaulted.
Berkeley police investigate possible kidnapping attempt Monday afternoon: The man allegedly offered to give the victim a ride, appearing to try to lure her into the vehicle. The victim yelled, which drew the attention of several people nearby. The man then got in the vehicle and drove away
Berkeley Law students Paul Monge and Cindy Dinh drafted state legislation that would automatically register select college students to vote. They found inspiration for the idea from the Motor Voter Law, which automatically registers those who apply for or renew their driver's license.
The AFSCME’s study found that the university’s “two and 20” hedge fund investments failed to deliver on superior financial returns and were instead outperformed by the S&amp;P stock market index by 52 percent. It found that hedge fund managers received fees totaling about $1 billion from 2003 to 2015.
Who is teaching 70 next semester?
Budget appeal for a new laptop
How do you book a meeting room in Eshleman Hall if you're not in a student group?
Jaylen Brown is the Pac-12 freshman of the year!
Budget Appeal for a new laptop
Undergraduate Research? (non-STEM)
Quiet individual study rooms on campus to do voice recording?
Buddy needs to make $400 ASAP- How?
The Berkeley Police Department has announced it believes the most recent sexual assault at 12:09 a.m. in the 2500 block of Etna Street, near Dwight Way is linked to several sexual assaults around campus in February. She fought back. Unlike the victims in the prior incidents, she was not Asian.
Taran Moriates on 'The best four years' lie: "There is a sincere inclination to build a career that matters to them and the world, instead of accepting they will be trudging through daily life, chained to a desk they despise, swishing wine on the weekends, letting minds flip through the pictures."
First responders have been busy Sunday night despite the wet weather, with gunshots reported in South Berkeley after 6pm and a structure fire on University Avenue at 7pm. Firefighters had to rescue one person through a window and down a ladder, and help another person out the front door.
Spoon rocket price increase again
Mailbox breaking near Dwight + Shattuck
95egv1m
A campus doctoral graduate Katrina Dodson has unanimously won the 2016 PEN Translation Prize for her translation of Brazilian author Clarice Lispector's "The Complete Stories." The sheer length of the volume — 640 pages — makes the accomplishment amazing, said UCLA professor Jose Luiz Passos.
Specialty coffee shop Algorithm Coffee Co. Friday celebrated its ribbon cutting and recent opening on University Avenue. Algorithm — with its name stemming from a carefully calculated mathematical process — was opened with the aim to craft custom coffee beverages and streamline the ordering process.
Former UC Berkeley undergraduate Hanaa Djouider died Feb. 24 after falling from a building on Telegraph Avenue. She was 25 years old. She was undeclared in the campus's College of Letters and Science but intended to pursue work in international development, according to her father, Brahim Djouider.
ASUC President Yordanos Dejen issued a presidential veto for a unanimously passed bill in support of a campuswide ban on the use of latex balloons, rubber bands and gloves. Dejen said it didn't thoroughly address harmful situations like latex contraceptives for students with latex allergies.
Daily Cal editor Melissa Wen on Ink Initiative Student Fee: "if we do not get enough signatures by Friday, the measure may not even get put to a student vote at the ASUC elections. It could die at March 11, 2016 at 5 p.m., and the future of Cal's student newspaper would all too likely die with it."
Formal admission packet
Is Berkeley Summer Session 2016 Covered by 2016-2017 FAFSA or 2015-2016?
[EVENT] Birding for Beginners at Middle Harbor Shoreline Park 3/20/16
An inside look into Greek housing at UC Berkeley
Hey Guys I'm an incoming freshman and I'm a huge snooker buff, I was wondering if there were Snooker Facilities at Berkeley? Thanks
oddly excited for this redemption at prom
Catherine Straus on Delta Upsilon's exotic customs like group cleanses. "The DUs first strip off all their clothes, then avoid glancing at each others bodies in the nude during the entire ritual. They enter the shrines bearing installation that disperses holy water and proceed to chant in unison."
Photo Essay: Berkeley youth living with disabilities. Racquel is the executive director of Berkeley Youth Living with Disabilities, BUILD house, a nonprofit that cares for and supports children with disabilities such as cerebral palsy, autism, and other severe developmental and behavioral problems.
Spencer Simpson on the Obama Curse: "Barely into our first year at the Oski-infused liberal paradise of Northern California, we had been confronted with the idea that a Black student drastically improving their writing was so unprecedented it almost warranted university investigation [plagiarism]."
Problems with torrenting on campus?
Transfer in need of advice :)
The Berkeley Student Cooperative Fall 2016 will convert the Andres Castro Arms co-op to a Person of Color theme house. Skye Ontiveros, Demographic Inclusion Task Force chair: "It's meant for people of color. It's not meant for folks who want to be an ally or want to learn about different cultures."
The Berkeley Student Cooperative will convert the existing Andres Castro Arms co-op at 2310 Prospect Street into a Person of Color theme house in fall 2016. With approximately 56 bed spaces, the BSC intends to increase inclusivity for low-income students and students of color.
More than 60 students congregated in front of Sproul Hall in the rain Friday to rally against the previously announced suspension of undergraduate admissions to the public health major and the possible dissolution of the campus College of Chemistry.
A sexual assault occurred Saturday, March 5, 2016 at 12:09 a.m. The female victim, a Cal student, was walking on the 2500 block of Etna near Dwight when she was approached from behind by the male suspect who dragged her off of the sidewalk, sexually assaulted her, and fled northbound on Etna.
On Saturday, February 20, 2016 two male students were walking near the Channing Circle at 12:00am when a group of men began harassing them, knocked the victims to the ground and started beating them. One of the victim received minor injuries and the other victim was taken to a local emergency room.
Is anyone in the faculty of Industrial Engineering &amp; Operations Research who could answer some questions on the program for a prospective Australian student?
How do I get more involved in the Indian community?
Current MCB major thinking about switching to Cogsci. Any advice?
Freshman Savannah Rennie was to play volleyball at Cal when she had debilitating symptoms of what's been diagnosed as congenital hepatic fibrosis with portal hypertension. She is awaiting a liver transplant. Her mother started a GoFundMe: The effort had raised over $70,000 of the $100,000 goal.
Ben Gould, a public policy and environmental engineering graduate student, filed his intent to run for Berkeley city mayor. Born in Berkeley, he attended Berkeley High School, is the chair of the city Community Environmental Advisory Commission and is a representative on the Graduate Assembly.
The Cal women's basketball team may have gone only 4-14 in Pac-12 play, but what matters is that Cal is scoring and defending better than it has all year, and it needs only two more wins to win the Pac-12 Championship. The Bears (15-16) beat No. 10 Arizona State (25-6, 16-2), 75-64.
Public Health admissions will remain open for the next four years.
I stepped into the wrong neighborhood this morning..
Considering moving to Berkeley - have a weekend here: what should I see?
Please hear me out and sign the Ink Initiative
Transfer Students averaging CC and UC GPA on their resume
Stay at Cal for CS Minor or transfer to another school for CS major?
UC reclassifies master’s degrees, charges elevated tuition
Cal-ADAR training &amp; funding in demography for undergraduates
Private Loans?
Private loans
Authorities responded Thursday evening after an Amtrak train struck an RV that had stalled on the tracks near Bancroft Way and Fourth Street. One person, who was able to get out of the RV before it was hit by the train, was taken to the hospital with serious injuries after being struck by debris.
Several International and Area Studies (IAS) majors will coalesce into a new global studies major. Two IAS majors — peace and conflict studies and development studies — will become two of three tracks while Latin American studies, Middle Eastern studies and Asian studies will become areas of study.
CalSO will be replaced with a new program called Golden Bear Orientation, in which the new student class will attend a mandatory week-long orientation right before school resumes. Chrissy Roth-Francis: They don't know yet how the new program will be funded. Currently, students pay a fee for CalSO.
Amazon Prime Now now available in Berkeley (free 2 hour delivery on some Amazon.com products, free same-day delivery on a ton more, and $8 for one-hour delivery)
Sign this ASUC petition to put a Daily Cal fee referendum on the 2016 elections ballot. Students would pay $2.50 per semester, instead of the $2 they currently pay
Madeline Dyer: "As far as the social sciences go, my peers and I are not learning how to critically think about important issues anymore. Learning from instructors who denounce conservative ideas and glorify liberalism, I wonder if they fear considering issues from the alternative perspective."
Current MCB major thinking about switching to Cogsci. Any advice?
Where to get broken glasses fixed?
Anyone have an HD stream for tonight's basketball game?
4% Berkeley voters are Republican. Berkeley College Republicans President Kerida Moates convinced her Democrat parents to be Republicans. Elements of conservatism that attracted her in high school: support for low taxes, a strong military and "giving the unemployed a hand up rather than a hand out."
Cal women's basketball advances to next round of Pac-12 Tournament with 66-63 overtime win against Utah. The road to the March tournament still requires three victories, but the Bears' resilience in this game and their ability to execute in crunch time has to be a huge confidence boost for the team.
Protesters took the stage during an event Wednesday evening held at Zellerbach Hall featuring CEO and founder of Salesforce.com Marc Benioff and musician Lars Ulrich, resulting in the arrest of student and Student Labor Committee member John Penilla and citations against seven other protestors.
Despite absorbing 750 additional in-state students this fall, Cal administrators have no plans to expand teaching faculty or campus infrastructure, including health resources and dining halls. UCLA plans to undertake major classroom and student facility renovations for over 2,000 more students.
The inside story of Cal's legendary catfishing prank, 10 years later | The Dagger
Anyone want to be interviewed for my Berkeley-centered podcast?
Vincent and Andrew Katirattragarn in 2012 started the Berkeley-based Dang Foods, which is named after their mother. Dang Toasted Coconut Chips come in six flavors: regular, bacon, salted, chili lime, caramel sea salt and cacao nib. It is a for-profit company with a social mission of sustainability.
You thought nap pods were outrageous? The city is providing 50 lockers for homeless at the low price of $350k a year. Taxes hard at work.
Anyone know anything about the protesters at "Front Row with Lars Ulrich"?
[URGENT] FAFSA updating information after deleting first application and adding more schools? Do I need to submit the first list again?
Why should I go to Cal?
March Horoscopes: It’s the beginning of a new month and the stars have pitied you enough to give you a post-midterm fresh slate.
Berkeley's Black Oak Bookstore is nearing its final chapter, with its closing scheduled for mid-March after 37 years in business. Originally located on Shattuck Avenue, Black Oak was forced to relocate to San Pablo Avenue seven years ago because of the continual rise of rent costs.
Lauren Ahn on how to make friends: "I stare at a person until they meet my gaze and react in idiosyncratic ways. If they react well, chances are that person and I are compatible; If they don’t, their loss. ... I’ve had boys naively give me their numbers and girls assume I was a flaming-hot lesbian."
Black Oak Bookstore nears final chapter with scheduled March closure. Black Oak was forced to relocate to San Pablo Avenue seven years ago because of the continual rise of rent costs.
Station Agent Luther McGill Sr. called BART Police to report that he saw a man under a parked vehicle who appeared to be working on the car. Detectives were called and responded to interview the catalytic converter thieves, Cedric Choyce and Michael Tillis, who were booked into the Santa Rita Jail.
Quarterback Zach Kline has returned to the Cal football roster as a walk-on. Kline transferred from Cal in December 2013. He is back on the team after redshirting the 2012 season and sitting on the bench in the 2013 season when Jared Goff was chosen over Kline, who had been predicted as the starter.
To kick off Philanthropy Week — a concerted effort by graduating seniors to raise a Class of 2016 gift of $100,000 — members of the Senior Class Gift Committee set out Monday to “gift tag” 45 campus buildings and landmarks. Last year, seniors raised more than $98,000 from more than 1,600 students.
Divine Jessica shows on webcam appetizing forms in underwear z6txiDmY
Stepped into the wrong neighborhood this morning...
Hey, guys! How is everyone today? I just published a totally new book on mnemonics specifically for Science Majors and University Students.
Looking for somebody to study CS70 material with me this semester!
What are the rules about alcohol on-campus?
I have found my perfect match and soul mate on the site, I am going to propose soon JmYJabUnF
Just Berkeley Things. Life of a Cal Student vlog, check it out!
Can we limit the number of news articles per user per day?
I love Berkeley... but the hypocrisy is a bit overwhelming.
School of Public Health supporters, please consider signing on to this letter asking SPH to defend the #1 undergraduate program against cuts
Nerdy guys getting with pretty girls?
Berkeley Teens Do Takeout
Bad PR for Stanfurd....
The Princeton Review compiled a list of the 25 colleges with the best career placement, featured in the book "Colleges That Pay You Back: 2016 Edition," published in February, based on students' ratings of career services. Cal's median starting salary: $60,200. Median mid-career salary: $119,100.
Students with and without disabilities are learning to play power soccer together in education professor Derek Van Rheenan's course "Disability and Sport." Goalball and golf have also been offered. Nico Clothier taught classmates how to operate the motorized wheelchairs the class provides.
Berkeley homeless activist Frances Townes celebrates her 100th birthday and a day named in her honor. At age 70, she founded the Berkeley Ecumenical Chaplaincy to the Homeless. Her husband, Cal professor Charles Townes, won the Nobel Prize in 1964 for laser contributions and died in 2015 at age 99.
Nicholas Dirks: "I believe our data science education program, while nascent, is exceptional at presenting the building blocks of a data science skillset, effective at crossing disciplinary lines and will readily ensure that students retain flexibility in how they approach this new competency."
B.G.C richmond
CalSERVE and RAZA charged with campaigning in dorms and then perjuring to Judicial Council about it. If both charges prove true, all CalSERVE candidates will be disqualified.
Cheeseboard's Hot Green Sauce Mimic Recipe! (xpost /r/mimicrecipes
PSA: FAFSA is Due Tomorrow, March 2!
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: I've had to tolerate: "I always wanted to rape a girl like you when I was over in Helmand." I've made $1,600 in one night at the strip club by passing as white. Mariah, a black mom of two, was fired over a customer's fabricated tale of rude conduct.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: I've had to tolerate: "I always wanted to rape a girl like you when I was over in Helmand." I've made $1,600 in one night at the strip club by passing as white. If I couldn't pass, I'd make less money. Women of color deserve to have the same opportunities.
Reminder: Berkeley's Public Health major, now on the chopping block, is #1 in the country.
Reminder: Berkeley's Public Health major, now on the chopping block, #1 in the country.
CalSERVE released its executive candidate slate for the ASUC elections after its sweep of all four executive seats last year. Cooperative Movement Party Senator Sheena Paul and CalSERVE Senators Wes Adrianson, Boomer Vicente and Kathy Tran will run for the positions of president, EVP, EAVP and AAVP.
Several dozen UC Berkeley students have reported illnesses spreading with symptoms similar to those of norovirus, a viral gastrointestinal infection that is also commonly referred to as the “winter vomiting bug” or stomach flu. There have been 29 individual reports with three confirmed cases.
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board on $150 million deficit: "The cuts so far proposed — including dissolving the campus College of Chemistry and cutting the public health major — would unnecessarily compromise students' education and cause UC Berkeley's status as an academic powerhouse to suffer."
I am grateful - not inclined to carry away in my expectations for life. I am sensitive and have a big appetite for life. 9PWSXTbdK
SHIP reimbursement?
Getting Donald Trump to Speak at Berkeley
Public Health CCC transfer
Public Health is dead. Is the CS major next?
On Monday, the Pac-12 announced that Cal freshman forward Kristine Anigwe had been named Pac-12 Freshman of the Week for a record-setting eighth time. She received the honor this week for scoring 39 points in the Bears' two games on 47.1 percent shooting from the field.
Brendan Cantwell: "Higher education experts have begun to ask if Berkeley can stay Berkeley...It and other public universities have found it difficult to compete with private peers ... If trends continue, US students may be denied an opportunity to experience education at a world-class university."
A Rolling Stone reporter visits EECS professor Pieter Abbeel's Robot Learning Lab. Abbeel, 38, moved to the US from Belgium in 2000 to get a Ph.D. in computer science at Stanford and is now one of the world's foremost experts in understanding the challenge of teaching robots to think intelligently.
The new Algorithm Coffee shop is sleek and minimalist, the space is worlds away from the snarling, honking traffic of University Avenue in West Berkeley. It bears almost no resemblance to its former identity as the eclectic, bohemian Café Yesterday that shuttered late last fall.
A program to offer secure storage containers for the possessions of Berkeley's homeless could cost $350,000 a year in staffing and $50,000 in start-up costs. It must be in place before the city can begin enforcing new rules designed to clean up Berkeley's sidewalks and limit problematic behavior.
Looking to Hire - Current Undergraduates or Recent College Graduates from UC Berkeley, Part-Time, +$30/hr
Math 53 Online over the summer
School of Public Health admissions suspended due to budget cuts
[#3] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
So you think you can draw? Apply here to design (not code) the future layout of this subreddit! Once again for only 1-4 months.
Cal Basketball makes it back into the Top 25 countrywide.
Any Social-Personality Psych Grads that could help me out?
Extra ticket for Front Row with Lars Ulrich &amp; Friends 3/02/16
Hackers Strike UC Berkeley: Data Of 80,000 People Possibly Compromised
Connecting to school wifi on 3ds
When is this feckless administration going to do right by its students and release Chancellor Dirks's cover of Rihanna's "Work" ?
Major in Cognitive Science minor in Computer Science?
Cal Men's Basketball Goes 18-0 at Haas after win against USC!! #OurHaas
Looking to Hire - Current Undergraduates or Recent College Graduates from UC Berkeley, Part-Time, +$30/hr
Summer Course: CS61C at UC Berkeley or CS472 at BU?
Anyone is EECS undergrad willing to share their experience?
What's your favorite place to get work done around campus?
"CAL BASKETBALL IS HITTING ITS STRIDE AT JUST THE RIGHT TIME"
What's your favorite place to get work done around campus?
Peter Dinklage in Berkeley today
Is anyone here doing the MSc in Range Management in the Department of Environmental Science, Policy, and Management?
University of Berkeley may dissolve College of Chemistry.
University of Berkeley may dissolve College of Chemistry.
On Thursday, February 18, 2016 at 11:36 pm, Howard Isaacson, a UC employee, observed two suspicious males, Bradley Vincent and Jared Starkweather, inside Campbell Hall. One was in possession of burglary tools. The suspects' vehicle had stolen items from Campbell Hall and items stolen from UC Irvine.
What It's Really Like to Risk It All in Silicon Valley. Nathalie Miller grew up in Berkeley and was in a Cal sociology doctoral program before joining Instacart. A new employee was fired after saying she was #1 in his ranking of hottest women. She founded the startup Doxa but could not get funding.
What It’s Really Like to Risk It All in Silicon Valley. Nathalie Miller, grew up in Berkeley and was in a Cal sociology doctoral program before joining Instacart. A new employee was fired after saying she was #1 in his ranking of hottest women. She founded the startup Doxa but could not get funding.
Pussy needs hard touch! Join to me and call me a bitch, baby! 0NdjdC
Behind the Hype interviews Jabari Bird
It continues since i lost my virginity! Lets find me and ill show you all. Virg111 wcnkm7ETb3
Fall 2016
Honey, Im booring so much! Let's have some fun together. FvTvS22kY
Lonely girls wait for you here. Free registration. ED5EElq
Get free webcam show! Just for registered users. KNzBSDQN8b7
Free video chat. An unforgettable experience is guaranteed. VRCyfXax3N
Tired of boring everyday life? Registred and only. Add to my show tonight rpDamGQa
My ex-whore nickname BunnyHoney, only registred and here.. LmrAs6l0jx
Married and tired of it..Do you want to have fun too? plz mrRoseK2Q
Free webcam show for you! Just registred and L3UN5srWj
What are the honors math courses like?
After building a double-digit lead in the first quarter, Cal women's basketball (13-15, 4-13 Pac-12) cruised to its fourth victory of conference play, defeating Oregon (20-8, 9-8) 65-54. Freshman forward Kristine Anigwe led the way for the Bears with 18 points and seven rebounds.
Conner Smith: Why we shouldn't (and should) allocate funds to athletics. I have a vivid memory of reading my first ever UC Berkeley syllabus in fall 2013 for Michael Watts' class. In the section for his contact information, the final line read, "I no longer have an office phone due to budget cuts."
Tara Aranha: "I grew up here in Berkeley. It's a super liberal bubble. ... It was hard moving into the dorms and meeting people that are Republicans and say offensive things and have racist opinions. And I knew those opinions existed, but I didn't think young students would actually think that way."
Anyone receive their SHIP reimbursement?
Thing to do in Berkeley
How can I check that I'm on the list to graduate this spring?
I enjoyed the service and found my perfect partner. Thank you oWv4XqQV
I met a lovely man on this site approx. 2 years ago. It has taken a while getting to know each other. However, we seem to be there now. XP84E4
Turn off your lights!!!
I didn't join in anticipation that internet dating would work and then unexpectedly found the perfect partner and am very very happy JVkrnS
UC Berkeley Alerts 80,000 People To Cyber Attack
Giving away Kaplan LSAT (law school entrance exam) test prep book - new
The war on frat row: Former city resident Paul Ghysels refuses ceasefire against Interfraternity Council fraternities. Since filing his lawsuit against 35 IFC fraternities in 2010, Ghysels has been living in Sacramento with his wife, working with his small but dedicated team of attorneys.
Giving away Barron's Military Flight Aptitude Test 2nd edition test prep book.
Tender Greens, a casual health-food restaurant chain known for its robust salads, is set to open its fourth Bay Area location on University Avenue this fall. Tender Greens will offer midrange-priced items — including large salads, soups and primarily meat-based main dishes.
The ASUC Senate passed a resolution recommending the banning of Urban Shield trainings from UCPD. Urban Shield is a comprehensive training and assessment program sponsored by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security that aims to improve the level of preparedness for emergency response situations.
Marilyn Pursley, 96, an original Rosie the Riveter, can recount with crystal-clear precision the day her neighbor ran screaming from the house when she saw a black family moving in next door. Pursley is just now retiring from Thornwall Properties – the North Berkeley business she started in 1984.
A 35-year-old man was walking when four people robbed and punched him just before 7 p.m. at Shattuck and Durant avenues, not far from the UC Berkeley campus. Police responded and were able to arrest three of the four suspects, identified as two 17-year-olds and a 22-year-old named Alex Foster.
UC's new collaboration with 100Kin10 initiative pledges to recruit 1,700 undergraduate STEM majors annually as K-12 STEM teachers. Math for America Berkeley's aims to keep STEM teachers — who are often drawn away from teaching because of lucrative offers in other fields — in the classroom.
[FREE] Kaplan LSAT (law school entrance exam) test prep book - new
The Bonobo Way at UC Berkeley: A Travelogue of Monogamish Nonmonogamy &amp; Deep Memory Foam LoVE
Giving away 20 posters for college student or young guy (or gal..?) first come/serve
Does anyone know what coffee shop this is?
Campus alerting 80,000 individuals to cyberattack
Beautiful girls for dating and flirting! kOpzP0
URGENT: Need to rent a DSLR Camera
My boyfriend and I might be having some fun with another couple this weekend! tV93x4pxkC
When can you request a Certificate of Completion?
Want to be informed of world events and entertained at the same time, all from the comfort of your inbox? Read on.
Young and old alike, gay and straight, from everywhere around the world, singles come to this site cuIYFbFZq
Daily Cal: Campus considers dissolving the College of Chemistry to cut costs
Police investigate apparent suicide near UC Berkeley
Berkeley broke ground on Harper Crossing, 42 homes for low-income seniors at 3132 Martin Luther King Jr. Way in Lorin District. Rents will range from $522 to $1,000. The 2015 Nexus Study: The average market-rate rent in Berkeley ranges from $1,105 for a studio to $2,914 for a 4-bedroom apartment.
20 protesters called for Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Harry Le Grande to resign, alleging that his involvement in the alleged rapist Omar Pedroza's appeal process was unfounded. The protesters banged on locked doors, chanting, "We support Stephanie," in reference to Stephanie Nicole Garcia.
In front of 11,858 spectators in its second-to-last game at Haas Pavilion, the Cal men's basketball team (20-8, 10-5 Pac-12) now the owners of a six-game winning streak — their longest of the season — took care of UCLA (15-13, 6-9) Thursday night, 75-63, maintaining their pristine 17-0 home record.
Madeline Dyer: "I am frustrated by my Bernie-loving peers because it seems to me that they feel entitled to the benefits he has promised them. I do not believe that everyone deserves to go to college, to get a high-paying job and to receive health insurance. These are actually luxuries."
Does anyone know if they Laundry Web Online feature actually works?
Describe your major in 10 words or fewer
$92K Nap Pods designed by Keurig for one-time use only
$92k Nap Pods designed by Keurig for one-time use only
On Saturday, February 20, 2016 two male students were walking near the Channing Circle at 12:00am when a group of men began harassing them, knocked the victims to the ground and started beating them. One of the victim received minor injuries and the other victim was taken to a local emergency room.
UCPD has been informed by a UC Berkeley Campus Security Authority (CSA) that two female students may have been drugged at the Chi Psi fraternity and two female students may have been drugged at the Phi Gamma Delta (Fiji) Fraternity. Both incidents occurred on the evening Friday, February 19, 2016.
Has anyone rented from Castle Rock Realty before?
Math 53/54 for Econ 101A?
Wurster Hall's "Rest Zone"
In less than 12 hours on Tuesday between about 7 a.m. and 6 p.m., a thief or thieves stole four catalytic converters from Hondas parked at the North Berkeley BART station. In the past few weeks, Hondas at several East Bay BART stations have been targeted by thieves who have removed the auto part.
Omar Pedroza flyers and protest
Readmitted and Attending courses this summer. But I dont know where to live.
Wurster Hall's brand-new "Rest Zone"
HI! Y_o_u lOOve S..x!! oFojLbgp
ASUC Senator Hsu responds to Rest Zones Criticism
GO
How far in advance should I try to sign a lease on a place?
Cal sophomore and forestry major Chris Cosby, 20, died Monday from glioblastomas, a malignant form of brain cancer, which was in April 2015. Despite the successful removal of all the tumors in his brain through chemotherapy and radiation, he was notified in December tumors had grown in his spine.
Each year, to generate savings and balance the city's budget, the city manager designates several voluntary time off, or VTO, days. On these days, certain city services—excluding BPD, BFD, senior centers and city libraries—are closed to the public. The city expects to save $364,613 this fiscal year.
Julia Elliott is preparing to re-open Nabolom Bakery Monday, Feb 29, which shuttered in August 2015 after nearly 40 years operating in the Elmwood. When Elliott read in Berkeleyside that Nabolom was closing, she emailed the collective and asked to buy the business. She and Sabra Stepak paid $80,000.
Four UC Berkeley seniors launched Wildfire, a smartphone app that posts user-generated crime PSAs. They worked on the project after Hriday Kemburu was the victim of an attempted attack. Although he posted a crime alert in the Free &amp; For Sale Facebook group, he worried that few people saw it quickly.
The UC Student Association released a study ranking mental health services provided at UC campuses based on questions relating to three service areas, including accessibility, diversity and outreach. The study awarded UC Berkeley a C-. The average grade for all nine undergraduate campuses was a C.
According to PI, Chancellor Dirks plans to make a decision at the end of the year to dissolve the College of Chemistry into the L&amp;S and College of Engineering
Some guy donates $400 million, the equivalent of 10% of Cal's Endowment, to Stanford University.
For all of the /r/berkeley people that live in SF: Google Is Bringing Fast Internet to the City That Wants It the Most: San Francisco
Woman falls from building on Telegraph Avenue early Wednesday morning
Philip Knight of Nike to Give $400 Million to Stanford Scholars
Chart with GPA by major?
Email: "Don’t give up your access to MATLAB Online ending March 30, 2016"
Can you guys help a Dutch girl to finish her thesis?
Would you please help this Dutch girl a bit :(?
In a video blog Robert Reich itemizes why he believes Ted Cruz is a more dangerous presidential candidate than Donald Trump. "Cruz is more fanatical, Cruz is a true believer, Cruz is more disciplined and strategic and Cruz is a loner who's willing to destroy government institutions to get his way."
In a video blog,Robert Reich itemizes why he believes Ted Cruz is a more dangerous presidential candidate than Donald Trump. "Cruz is more fanatical, Cruz is a true believer, Cruz is more disciplined and strategic, and Cruz is a loner who's willing to destroy government institutions to get his way."
What happened in IAS 45 today?
An Amtrak train struck a man on the train tracks near West Berkeley's Gilman crossing Tuesday 9:30 a.m., according to Union Pacific spokesman Francisco Castillo. The man, who Castillo described as "trespassing," was injured and transported to Highland Hospital in Oakland. His condition was unknown.
Los Angeles Times Editorial Board: "In the struggle between the governor and UC, it is Brown who is mostly in the wrong. [Despite rising tuition prices and much belt-tightening] ... Berkeley, even at full price, is still an educational icon, regularly rated the best public university in the world."
The UC Berkeley problem that has no name
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: "Absurdity reared its head when REST zones debuted. The sleep pods cost $100,000—funded in part by the Wellness Fee—causing us again to doubt the tepid yet ever-present hope that higher education public institutions are built on reason and sound money management. "
Figure 1 (an Instagram for health professionals)
PreFrosh choosing between Berkeley (in state) and Stanford for Computer Science HELP!
PreFrosh choosing between Berkeley (in state) and Stanford for Computer Science HELP!
OffPlanet VR2: Insane VR demos this Thursday 2/25 at NextSpace 6-9pm / $6 advance tix
UC Berkeley Provides Nap Pods for Students
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban: "A Georgetown University professor tries to touch my ass, only to get his hand slapped away: 'You have to pay to touch that.' I'm behind on my car payment, rent is due and I need to buy an iClicker before lecture next Monday."
What are some unique study abroad options at Cal?
Didn't get into class needed to graduate.
how to get an A in CS 61B
Can I list a room in my apartment on AirBnB without breaking the lease contract?
New layout opinions?
UC Berkeley holds onto its title as the all-time top producer of Peace Corps volunteers since John F. Kennedy launched the program in 1961. It has sent 3,615 graduates out into the world in Peace Corps programs. Cal ranked 13th nationally in 2016's rankings for the number of volunteers produced, 37.
Alum George Vukasin, who played football for legendary Cal coach Lynn "Pappy" Waldorf, died at 82. A pillar of the community, he wore many hats in his life. He was an Oakland councilman, vice mayor, port commissioner, Coliseum president, and CEO of Peerless Coffee and Tea. Memorial service in March.
David Ponce Garcia, 20, a former Berkeley High school student, died Feb. 17 when he pulled an illegal U-turn on Stanley Boulevard around 1:30 p.m. Another car traveling eastbound could not stop in time, broadsided Garcia's car, and pushed it into a guardrail. The car caught on fire, killing Garcia.
Is it possible to drop a class after the deadline?
A Campus Security Authority and BPD has reported to UCPD that a sexual assault occurred at a UC Berkeley fraternity. The victim attended a party at a fraternity house on Friday, February 19th. The sexual assault took place between 12:00 and 12:45 a.m. in a room at the fraternity.
Liquor stores that sell Malt Beverages
"Go Bears" Etiquette?
On Sunday, February 21, 2016 at 8:23 p.m. UCPD received a report of a robbery in the 2500 block of Channing. The female victim, was walking on Channing near the intersection of Dana when she was robbed of her wallet. UCPD responded to the scene and detained two males matching the description.
On Sunday, February 21, 2016 at 8:12 p.m. UCPD responded to an armed robbery on the Grinnell Pathway south of VLSB. The victim, a 20 year male student, was approached by five young African American males. One suspect had a gun which he pointed at the victim and demanded the victim's property.
Film crew on the Glade?
Farewell Creepy Oski
prejex Hello! I am seeking you! stinincani
CalSERVE swept all four executive seats last year. Student Action released its executive candidates for this year's ASUC election. Current Student Action Senators Will Morrow, Alicia Lau and Andre Luu will run for president, EVP and EAVP. Campus junior Frances McGinley is slated as the AAVP.
President Barack Obama named106 recipients Thursday for the Presidential Early Career Awards for Scientists and Engineers, four of whom were campus-affiliated researchers: Michael Stadler, a staff scientist at the LBNL, Hillel Adesnik, neurobiology; Sayeef Salahuddin, EECS; and Pieter Abbeel, EECS.
NASA announced Thursday its Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope, or WFIRST, project and selected Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory scientists as members of its scientific investigation team. Expected to launch in the mid-2020s, WFIRST is a space telescope designed to explore dark energy.
Jacob Rubin runs Kip's Trivia Night every Tuesday at 10pm. Teams include locals from Trader Joe's and EECS graduate students. Each team must give itself a name, which Rubin reads aloud, even though frequently names are "Spoiler Alert: I Sleep Naked In Bed" or "I Wish This Microphone Was a Penis."
Does anyone know the name of the excellent RnB sax player who's usually playing by the downtown Bart station?
BEARS BEAT WSU 80-62. 5 IN A ROW! UPVOTE PARTY
IB 132 question
Help raise money for Cal volleyballer Savannah Rennie, who needs $100,000 for an urgent liver transplant
Cal Alum Tries to Explain Apple vs FBI issue, fails....
Cal alum tries to explain Apple/FBI issue, fails..
Cal Alum Tries to Explain Apple/FBI issue, fails....
It was like this when Main Stacks opened this morning. I know we're a public school, but daily custodial service shouldn't be an unreasonable expectation, right?
It was like this when main stacks opened today. I know we're a public school, but daily custodial service shouldn't be a reasonable expectation, right?
Going from PHYS 7A to H7B
Berkeley police have arrested Joshua Anderson for the theft of $350,000 in rare books, but the books and the van they were housed in are still missing. He tried to sell four of the stolen books — worth $13,000 — to Moe's Books. The books belong to Lawrence Van De Carr, a Chicago rare-book dealer.
Transgender speaker Jessica Lynn coming to Berkeley on April 12th! Watch the documentary following her sex reassignment surgery and custody battle here.
Daniel Husman: Students would benefit from Sanders presidency. "Wages in the US for all but the wealthiest have been stagnant or falling for at least 40 years. Without major changes to our political and economic systems, rising inequality is likely to lead to perpetual violence and instability."
"My cheeks become stained with embarrassment as my classmates whisper and giggle to one another [as the teacher mispronounces my name]. I was ashamed, confused, but mostly angry. I waffle between the lines of too-Asian and white-washed. ... My name is not Lauren S. Ahn. My name is Lauren 승인 Ahn."
Spencer Simpson writes the Friday column on Blackness at UC Berkeley: "I quickly realized that sexualized statements about their body were but one way the male gaze at Cal worked to constrain Black women. ... it is those male-identifying Golden Bears who must resist fetishism and the male gaze."
DONALD TRUMP WINS SOUTH CAROLINA
Environmental policy at Goldman?
Blue and Gold Plan vs. Scholarships
Selling a few old textbooks, some may be relevant still
[REVIVAL] What's your major? (now at ucberkeleyeecs.com)
Why is crime increasing?
Just witnessed a group 'drifters' ravaging through a USPS box by Willard Park.
Just witnessed a group 'drifters' ravaging through a USPS box by Willard Park.
TIL who to call if someone is someone is experiencing a suicide, drug, or mental health crisis in Berkeley
SICK of being a virgin. How to get laid? Willing to pay.
Jaylen Brown with another monster dunk
Telebears is totally fucked right now, on the eve of drop deadline
Is Telebears working for everyone?
The ASUC Office of Academic Affairs vice president has just opened several designated napping areas across campus. The Relaxation Enhancing Study and Tranquility, or REST zones are located in Bechtel Engineering Center, Wurster Hall, Eshleman Hall and the Tang Center.
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued Caribou Biosciences, a startup co-founded by UC Berkeley researcher Jennifer Doudna, intellectual property rights for developments in CRISPR gene-editing technology Tuesday.
We profiled a former UC Berkeley professor for Black History Month. Meet Dr. O'Neil Ray Collins
Suspect Video Released After 3 Sexual Assaults In A Week Near UC Berkeley
Blue and Gold Plan vs. Scholarships
Bears beat Wahington
Best talking library/place to study AND meet people?
Conservative Madeline Dyer writes the Thursday blog on providing an alternative to Berkeley liberalism. She attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and "feel[s] despair [as] across the United States, Republicans, Independents and Democrats express their vehement support for Donald Trump."
Mad Monk Center for Anachronistic Media at 2454 Telegraph Ave. will be a bookstore, media center, restaurant, bar and music venue, bringing life to an abandoned corner of Telegraph Avenue that has lain unused for over a decade. Owner Ken Sarachan also owns Rasputin Music and Blondie’s Pizza.
Catherine Straus: Niki Peters' top hate tweets. Users who have a problem with her appearance, simply dislike her name, have a problem with the way she competes, simply find her irritating, and question her intelligence.
Asian women have been targeted in 3 sexual assaults on Berkeley's Southside in less than a week, police said in a statement released Thursday evening. Video released. Berkeleyside reported Wednesday about 2 of the incidents. Police did not say at that time that a third incident had also taken place.
Libby Rainey: "The ironic reality of office hours is that it simultaneously encourages participation and depends on some students' inaction. A single student can spend 30 minutes prodding a professor for help on an idea only when the 20, 50 or 700 other students in the class choose not to show up."
EECS Department may split
Transferring
On Tuesday, February 16, 2016 the victim was walking on the 2500 Block of Benvenue at 11:30 p.m. when she was approached from behind by the suspect who used a bear hug to restrain her and sexually assaulted her. She chased him through the Unit 2 parking lot. He was last seen running west on Haste.
Interested in the Cold War? Join Canadian Studies for lunch and a talk on nuclear weapons. Feb 24.
Do you like coding? Do you also like doing work for free with little to no credit given to you? Then apply here to design the subreddit's future layout! I will cycle designs/applicants every 1-3 months depending on if people like it or not.
Joining Castro House
Thunder!!!
Who's awake? Crazy thunder just now!
Why the Prof. Coward Controversy Is A Lie Concocted By The University
The permits of 3 food trucks at Bancroft Way and College Avenue — Healthy Heavenly Foods, Dojo Dog and Kettle Corn Star — will expire at the end of March. Students protest. Misha Tsukerman: Ann Mylinh Vu, the owner of HHF, is supporting her disabled husband and a nephew and will lose her livelihood.
Cal Performances announced plans for a March 2 event, which will take place at Zellerbach Hall and will feature a live discussion from Ulrich, drummer of Metallica. Confirmed guests are Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong, Salesforce's Marc Benioff, and Metallica guitarist and vocalist James Hetfield.
Two women have been sexually assaulted by a stranger near People’s Park in Berkeley since last Thursday, and police are investigating whether the incidents are linked. Officer Jennifer Coats: Thursday's case has been classified as forcible sexual penetration, code 289(a)(1).
Berkeley's only Off the Grid food truck market will be holding its last event Feb. 28. The pod, which serves dinner on Sundays at the North Berkeley BART station, has been in operation for 2 years. Off the Grid hosted a Berkeley food truck market at Telegraph and Haste from July 2012 to March 2014.
The Daily Californian has adopted the use of "they" and "their" as singular pronouns. The Senior Editorial Board approved the style change to avoid perpetuating the gender binary in its way of writing. The singular "they" may appear in references to gender-queer or gender-nonconforming individuals.
Start of an Epidemic? Second Sexual Assault Reported Near UC Berkeley
PSA: Watch your dogs closely at the dog park
Possible to finish a degree with summer semesters only?
An oral history of Marshawn Lynch's most famous Cal moment: Ghostriding the injury cart after a Golden Bear victory
Really awesome educational app for all of us premeds!M
People's Cafe has closed, leaving many former patrons at a loss. Opened in 2006 near the intersection of Shattuck and University avenues, it will be replaced by Blue Bottle Coffee and the NYC ramen shop Ippudo on WeWork building's ground floor. The new food hotspots will open in four or five months.
I Made $12 000 in 26 Days without spending a Dime. How? 6Ff__b8Nw3C_7_
How I Made 12.365 in 26 Days Without Spending a Dime? J_b4iY6_G_
Here is a decent Berkeley CS t shirt
Hot sex with our girls Xj2_m_G9_
Urban Dictionary: Anant
At Berkeley High, Conversation About Race Turns to Consistency. Today, the Berkeley Unified School District takes pride in the diversity of Berkeley schools. However, school administrators, teachers, students and parents all acknowledge that the Berkeley High campus is segregated.
Berkeley's worker-owned Cheeseboard ranks No. 2 on Yelp's annual list of top 100 places to eat in the U.S. for 2016. Nine other Bay Area spots made the cut, including Michelin-star restaurant Gary Danko (No. 6), sandwich shop Ike's Place (No. 24) and the Greek favorite Kokarri Estiatorio (No. 26).
On Thursday, February 11, 2016 a female student was the victim of a sexual assault. She was walking on Haste Street on the sidewalk adjacent to People's Park at approximately 9:20 p.m. when she was grabbed from behind, and pushed to the ground. The suspect sexually assaulted the victim.
Berkeley Police Department are on the scene at San Pablo Avenue and Parker Street in Berkeley after reports of gunfire at 7:37 p.m, with injuries to three people who were taken to local hospitals for treatment. BPD: "We ask that you please avoid the area."
Berkeley&gt;Stanfurd
Best bus app?
Any Hockey Lovers in Berkeley?
New app developed by Berkeley grads
If you've been in the California school system since Jan. 2008, your name, social security number, home address, course info, behavior and discipline info, progress reports, mental health and medical info, and more will be released to a non-profit unless you opt out by mail by April 1st.
4 Unit Breadth Class with available spots
Really awesome educational app for all of us premeds!
Re-admission
How do I do well in CS70?
Stolen Motorcycle (Kains &amp; Jones - 2/16/2016)
Morning sun reflecting off Transamerica Pyramid
Sex on Tuesday columnist Trixie Mehraban on whorephobia: "I told them I learned to dance while working as a stripper. I'm terrified of writing this column. I'm so terrified I turned it in a day late after thinking of how the stigma attached to the material could come back to haunt me in the future."
Sun reflection of Transamerica Pyramid
Berkeley shows it's love for Comcast (corner of Fairview/Sacramento)
wdating recommendsw
Daily Cal: Sex Issue 2016: Eating out: How to make vagina cupcakes
A team of entrepreneurs has launched a new "smart" vibrator. Lioness uses five sensors to track a user's vaginal contractions, temperature and movement, allowing users to notice patterns of sexual pleasure. CEO Liz Klinger and her team work out of Skydeck, Cal's incubator for startups.
Donald Foley, 99, a city and regional planning professor emeritus, died Jan. 27. Since 1956, Foley belonged to the Faculty Club's Little Thinkers group. They followed two rules—any topic is open to discussion, but only one person can speak at a time. He attended until about one month before he died.
UCPD responded to a report of armed robbery on the north side of the Valley Life Sciences Building around 9:30 p.m. Saturday. A 15-year-old female, not affiliated with UC Berkeley, was approached by a male suspect and robbed at knife-point. She was not physically harmed during the interaction.
Usefulness of cs164 with Hilfinger
6I found your photos here! How do I remove it?6
Great view of the sunset tonight from Panoramic Way
Berkeley worker co-op resolution could usher in equitable economic development
TIL about phonebanking and how it can help Bernie Sanders.
UNEWU
Anyone know what happened to People's Cafe?
Where can I find LSD?
xRAttention! Private sitexR
GIRLS? YES! K_r56T_c_bF29
Commute to UC Berkeley through BART
UC Berkeley's tuition break is nearly erased. Californians seeking professional degrees no longer enjoy big tuition discounts to attend the Boalt and Haas, resulting in a sharp drop of California enrollees. Fall 2005: annual price for Law and Haas: $24,000. Now: $52,000 for Law and $58,000 for Haas.
Y0u WANT sex? A? Girls here8w_FM4c_5o_G_3E
CS C8: How is it and its Connector Courses?
UC Berkeley Research on Earthquake "Detection by Smartphones" featured on Science magazine
Annie, a domestic violence survivor and Cal student: "It's easy (for victims) to justify what we don't want to accept. … It's hard to admit to yourself that you are in an abusive situation." The most valuable resource for a victim of domestic violence is the Alameda County Social Services Agency.
AMA Request: Niki Peters!
Berkeley Research on Earthquake "Detection by Smartphone" featured on Science magazine
CS C8: How is it and the connector courses?
Looking for film friends / film club
Bikers, skaters, long boarders, etc... want your picture taken?
The Bay Area According to Urban Dictionary
You ready for the seduction of Russian babes?
You ready for the seduction of Russian babes?
Last minute classes to add? HELP
At Berkeley, students learn ins and outs of NSA surveillance
Got a bad toothache; any dentists open tomorrow that are covered by SHIP?
Cal basketball frosh Jaylen Brown posterizes a Beaver
Optimal time management according to Prof Sahai
Why the Prof. Coward Controversy is a Lie Concocted by the University
Mama and nF_3_m4YP_g6
Sex with hot Girls? Yes?! Here H_d5_2ArKf3_9_z
campanile shining in the night
Free Pornhub Premium for Valentine's Day
Which coops have out of house parties and how do we know when they are?
Girls for hot sex mZ_5_y6AD9_a_
MIMS admits - Fall 2016
Berkeley's "The Vagina Monologues" theme this year is "Redefining. Reframing. Reclaiming." Monologues have been added to represent the voices of people of color, folks with disabilities, and transgender women. It seeks to reclaim the derogatory term "cunt" into a term of empowerment.
Sarah Coduto: "I met my first love during Dead Week", a "Bernie Sanders- and music-loving UC Berkeley student whose photos showed off an easygoing smile and warm eyes ... I took a chance on something I thought to be love, and [at his residence hall] I ended up with ADHD drugs in my water bottle."
Catherine Straus: "When a stranger kissed me on a trip, I felt elevated. This would sound like a prelude to a typical love story if I didn't have a boyfriend and the stranger weren't a girl." She reads the sex subreddit and discusses her fetish of watching her boyfriend have sex with other women.
The FemSex DeCal attracts anywhere from 80 to 100 applicants each semester. Facilitator Nakia Woods: "FemSex is not only about sex. You do not have to be a lesbian to be in FemSex, you don't have to be a woman, though it's okay if you are. We accept all folks, all different types of identities."
DTreason! He found his wifeD
Tomorrow (Sunday) night?
Cal blows big lead but holds on to beat Oregon State 83-71
Where to get a temporary girlfriend?
OCF - Changes to printing policies
Airbears.
Looking for film friends / film club
I graduated Berkeley in 2012 and I'm curious... What's the political environment on campus? How is everybody handling election year?
Here beautiful girls for sex r_3WPf_48Bc
uHelp me! How do I remove it? My photosu
Find girl for sеex without commitment
Good score to get on 61B midterm?
/u/jumpingpajamas, you're a hobo, I'm an ardent Sanders supporter, let's team up
You've got to do something with all that EECS money
In South Berkeley, a 17-year-old male with a baseball bat who authorities say attacked another male, causing potentially life-threatening injuries, then climbed on top of the Grove Park baseball field backstop, ultimately surrendered to officers who focused on talking him down Friday afternoon.
Slanted Door restaurateur to open new café in Wurster Hall in the fall 2016 semester. Founder Charles Phan is an award-winning chef known for his SF restaurants Slanted Door and Out the Door. Phan studied architecture at Berkeley in the 1980s. The café will feature organic international food.
UC Berkeley sophomore Niki Peters won second place – and $50,000 – in the final round of Jeopardy! College Championship, which aired today on ABC. "It was, and is, absolutely insane that I won $50,000," despite "knowledge gaps" and getting sick during the tournament, Peters said of her finish.
Hours after Cal's announcement of cost-cutting measures due to a growing budget deficit, over 1,000 people saw Alphabet Inc. (Google) executive chair Eric Schmidt, an EECS alumnus, chat with Chancellor Nicholas Dirks Wednesday evening. The event inaugurated the spring 2016 season of Berkeley Talks.
Earthquake App From UC Berkeley Turns Phone Into a Temblor Detector
TIL about phonebanking and how it can help Bernie Sanders.
I never know what to put on those damn CS midterm cheat sheets. Suggestions?
Is there anyone here down to marry me?
RSF to offer "Feel the Bern" classes based on Bernie Sanders
Don't have a date for Valentine's Day?
Looking for people to watch films with
Lecturers teach 24 percent of classes at UC Berkeley. The number of lecturers grew from 601 in 2008 to 749 in 2013. The least amount a ladder faculty member can make is $57,600 a year for research and teaching. A lecturer with no seniority, teaching full time — roughly 12 units — makes $49,012.
Declaring in-state residency
EECS/CS: How to stay up to date with technologies?
Berkeley Laboratory of Information and System Sciences Photo
Cal men's basketball snaps No. 11 Oregon's 6-game winning streak with 83-63 win
Rules on group living accommodations were officially enacted Tuesday. The rules intend to limit noise, trash, late-night partying, drunkenness and unruly behavior and met strong objections from students and Councilman Kriss Worthington who warned the remedy would raise rents for future students.
Cycling advocates ask the city to extend a southbound bike lane on Fulton Street, along the Cal campus, following the crash last week that nearly killed Meg Schwarzman, a Berkeley mother and doctor. Berwick Haynes, 47, was driving under the influence of marijuana, and "possibly other medication."
UC Berkeley Students for Bernie is the nation's largest college chapter of students supporting Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign. What sophomore Rigel Robinson started last semester as a Facebook group has grown from 15 members to nearly 200. 30 students will knock on doors for Bernie in Reno.
Cal alum Alex Morgan scores fastest goal in U.S. soccer history (xpost from /r/videos)
Sahai decision: We won't enforce Sahai's class policy on this subreddit. However, if Sahai is reading this and wishes to reach out to me with more information, we could potentially agree to a compromise.
What can I do as a student to help Berkeley with its budget deficit?
Are there any soda machines in Soda Hall?
GPhoto of my sister! How do I remove it?G
Any Economics enthusiasts here?
dsex recommendsd
Package thief
Inspections performed in Berkeley since last year's deadly balcony collapse at Library Gardens found more than 400 buildings that needed work out of nearly 2,200 with weather-exposed elements, such as balconies, stairways, decks and landings.
Jeopardy! semifinalist Niki Peters: "Of the 15,000 people who take the test online, 200 audition and 15 are picked from that pool." Peters made a Twitter account to retweet all the mean comments people were making about her on social media. Two episodes of the final round remain (Thursday, Friday).
Google
Why is Berkeley so intolerant? An incident of bullying and harassment DURING CLASS
TIL In Celebrity Jeopardy of May 2015, Cal alum and MVP Quarterback Aaron Rodgers, responded to the category "5 Bears," all of which referenced UC Berkeley graduates. He later went on to beat out Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary and NASA's Mark Kelly to win the show.
TIL In Celebrity Jeopardy of May 2015, Cal alum and MVP Quarterback Aaron Rodgers, responded to the category "5 Bears," all of which referenced UC Berkeley graduates. He later went on to beat out Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary and NASA's Mark Kelly to win the show.
After a car chase through Oakland and Berkeley on Wednesday morning, authorities arrested an armed man near Ohlone Park, according to authorities. He allegedly hit numerous vehicles in both cities and was pointing a gun at citizens.
Haas assistant professor Andreea Gorbatai announced in a recent report that women reportedly raised more money with crowdfunding. Women generally use words that talk about positive emotions that "build this bond of trust, where you feel that people are not trying to take your money."
Psychology professor Stephen Hinshaw, an expert on Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Katherine Ellison, a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist and author who was diagnosed with ADHD at 48, have teamed up to write ADHD: What Everyone Needs to Know. They came to Berkeley to debunk myths.
Shari Berenbach, 64, a former official with the U.S. Agency for International Development who had served as president of the U.S. African Development Foundation since 2012, died Feb. 7 at her home in Bethesda, Md. She was 64. She earned her Berkeley bachelor's degree in political science in 1974.
Sahai: Denial of service attack launched against lecture video access by social means
How do I solve this?
Passwords for EE16B - Sahai
Deficit Threatens Stability of UC Berkeley, Official Says
Nice lil water fall just off of campus at Cordo. Peaceful.
Best way to stay healthy without a kitchen?
Easiest EECS Upper Div? (Pls don't judge me...)
Energy Engineering Major Opinion?
What is the group that dances at Underhill Parking during the evenings?
Any 3-4 unit classes still open?
UC's largest employee union, AFSCME Local 3299, called for a "Speaker's Boycott" until Cal hires nearly 100 subcontracted campus custodians and parking attendants in-house as direct UC employees. Planned speakers who would be affected by the boycott are President Bill Clinton and Chelsea Clinton.
The Cal women's water polo team headed to the home of rival Stanford this weekend for its toughest tournament of the season. Four games, the No. 5 Bears left enemy territory with a taste of sweet victory, defeating the No. 1 team in the nation, Stanford, in the home pool of their rivals.
After narrowly missing out on the final last year, the Bears reached the championship round Monday in Madison, Wisconsin, where they defeated North Carolina, 4-3, to be crowned ITA National Women's Team Indoor champions for the first time.
The campus Fall Program for Freshmen will extend its program for the coming fall semester to the UC Berkeley Extension center in San Francisco. Established in 1983, FPF is an academic program offered to campus spring admission students. The program will now be open to all incoming L&amp;S freshmen.
Endless Summer Sweets opened its doors for the first time Friday, replacing the space's previous occupant, Amazing Crab, a Cajun-style eatery. Antoinette Sanchez, the restaurant's owner, has been selling funnel cakes and other carnival food at various street festivals and flea markets since 2009.
I'm from Ukraine.Visiting UC Berkeley
FREE Valentine’s Day amphibian walk + happy hour, trivia, &amp; dancing! Best Valentine's Day ever.
Can someone chanceme for transfer into Fall 2016?
Hepatitis B vaccine religious exemption
How feasible is it for a grad student to rent a 1 bedroom close to Berkeley?
Can anyone give me an idea about my transfer chances?
Seeking any career advice
Passwords for EE16B - Sahai
Visiting UC Berkeley
Math 54 Textbook question.
Fire today, house burnt down. Police and fire dept has shut down Haste St from Shattuck to Fulton
Fire on Shattuck and haste
Solidworks on Campus?
When you forget to bring your mouthpiece to the Super Bowl [x-post r/funny]
Some Cal band person made it to the front page
It's pretty depressing how exclusive clubs here on campus are.
After BART's widespread use of decoy cameras became public knowledge last month, BART announced plans last week to spend $1.42 million to install functioning high-definition cameras in all 669 train cars in its fleet. Decoy cameras were on a train where a fatal shooting occurred, causing an outcry.
A man was killed by an Amtrak train going 20-30 mph in West Berkeley. Union Pacific spokesman Francisco Castillo: The man was "an adult male trespasser" who was trying to cross the tracks when he was hit. Berkeleyside commenter: A policeman told me the victim was a deaf homeless man based on ID.
A man was struck and killed by an Amtrak train between Allston Way and Bancroft Way in West Berkeley. The train was going approximately 20-30 mph. Union Pacific spokesman Francisco Castillo described the pedestrian as "an adult male trespasser" who was trying to cross the tracks when he was hit.
Golden State Warriors basketball star Draymond Green served coffee today at Peet's on Shattuck Ave. Green is promoting the release of Peet's limited edition "Warriors Grounds" blend. Peet's will donate 5% of each purchase of "Warriors Grounds", up to $10,000, to the Warriors Community Foundation.
Bear Walk night shuttles don't even stop for students
Golden Warriors basketball star Draymond Green served coffee today at Peet's on Shattuck Avenue. Green is helping promote the release of Peet's limited edition "Warriors Grounds" blend. Peet's will donate 5% of each purchase of "Warriors Grounds", up to $10,000, to the Warriors Community Foundation.
Grade Cutoffs for CS170
UC Berkeley student Niki Peters wins Jeopardy semifinals, beating out Stanfurd &amp; Columbia!
Ecstatic Jumping Man at the Super Bowl halftime show was UC Choral Director Mark Sumner
Any 2 or 4 unit classes still open?????
Passwords for EE16B - Sahai
Work local! - 21 jobs for anyone under 21
Prof. Richard Wolff, speaking in Berkeley at the First Congregational Church February 10
Irish student coming to Berkeley for the Summer, looking for advise on a couple of things
looking for people to work on a project with?
Mental health issues common on campus?
TIL about the Phoenix 5 and the greatest Big Game prank ever pulled.
Has anyone taken ASL (Linguistics 1A)?
Im Julia and i want sехxxx a
WARNING!! On this site a lot of people who want to find a sexy adventure
I'm in Cal Band and just performed in the Super Bowl! Pepsi lied to us, took our halftime show jackets and are trying to raffle them to random people. Help us win them back!
The UC Berkeley Chicana/o and Latina/o Task Force has been created according to an email sent by Vice Chancellor for Equity and Inclusion Na'ilah Nasir. ASUC Senator Cuahuctemoc Salinas: "As a Latino student, my queer identity and undocumented status often gets lost within the community."
The SQUELCH! party announced Sunday its three nonsatirical senatorial candidates for the upcoming ASUC election — Anthony Carrasco, Marandah Field-Elliot and Guillermo Perez. They aim to address concerns held by sexual assault survivors, the Greek system and students of faith.
The Cal Band started in 1891 with 18 members and has grown to 220 musicians who play 15 different brass, woodwind and percussion instruments and use 28 different formation steps. It performed at the Super Bowl, and Cal's Rally Committee organized an epic card stunt during the halftime performance.
Cal Band Performed at the Super Bowl!
Need A Goalkeeper For Monday Night Soccer League
UC Berkeley profs lambast new “black box” network monitoring hardware. University of California administration says it's just going after "bad actors."
Considering studying Computer Science at Berkeley for a year abroad - need some advice
Any recommended restaurants for a wedding party of around 15 people?
Error message when adding a class on Telebears.
Ohh, my... a
Adora Svitak, a child prodigy, activist, author, and student at the University of California at Berkeley was a finalist for Nicholas Kristof's annual win-a-trip contest.
Camille Jetta: During Welcome Week, UC Berkeley sorority women were forbidden by their sororities from attending parties at unaffiliated fraternities. The Panhellenic Council had warned that "(The) Cal Alcohol Task-Force (would be) doing walkthroughs of the events to be sure no women are present."
Cal men's basketball demolishes Stanford at home Saturday, 76-61. The Bears (15-8, 5-5 Pac-12) remain unbeaten at home with 14-0 record.
Berkeley to move CS61a lectures to Memorial Stadium
아이돌 생존쇼 사장님이 보고있다 160206 다시보기 아이돌 생존쇼 사장님이 보고있다 160206 TORRENT 고화질 토렌.트 다시보기
Feasibility of commuting from SF to Berkeley as a grad student
Information on Geography department life- Prospective CCC Transfer Student
Plans for $300,000 UCLA visit give rare glimpse into Hillary Clinton’s paid speaking career
Chris Thompson, a Berkeley alumnus and journalist, died in his Berkeley home Thursday, at the age of 46. After graduating from UC Berkeley in 1994, Thompson launched his career at the East Bay Express, where he worked for 12 years. Thompson pioneered an investigation of Yusuf Bey and his colleagues.
Prospective Student to Major in Psychology or Biological Science - Help Prepare
David C. Turner III, a Berkeley PhD candidate: "Just because Berkeley sits on the political left doesn't mean racism doesn't happen here. On campus, if more than five black people congregate, a police presence pops up. They never say anything; they just stand there and watch, which is creepy."
UC Berkeley student Niki Peters wins first round of college Jeopardy
＼일산오피 『 OPｈolic3.ＣＯｍ ∠유흥∠동탄오피▶ 백석오피 부천 op
What happened to Airbears2?
I'm boycotting Tako Sushi on Telegraph
Dwight Jaffee, a real estate and finance professor at UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business, died Jan. 28 at the age of 72. He was a Willis Booth Professor of Banking, Finance and Real Estate, as well as a member of the Finance Group at Haas. Jaffee helped author more than 100 articles and 7 books.
Campaign finance statements, filed by Berkeley mayoral candidates Jesse Arreguin and Laurie Capitelli, indicate that Arreguin has received about $25,000 in donations and Capitelli raised roughly $6,400. Guy "Mike" Lee, a member of the homeless community, and Naomi Pete have not filed statements yet.
The Cooperative Center Federal Credit Union in Berkeley donated more than $7,000 to Friends of Faith Inc., a nonprofit organization that helps low-income, underinsured women and men undergoing treatment for breast cancer. Established in 1942, it serves 13,000 members and has $113 million in assets.
Does anyone have extra tickets to the Stanfurd vs Cal game?
Looking For Goalkeeper For Monday Night Soccer League
Hey Guys, I have a quick question about your memory of Surge
Megan Schwarzman, 42, the Berkeley scientist and mother of an 11-month-old son, was struck and trapped beneath a car while cycling. She is expected to pull through. Berwick Haynes, 47, was arrested for DUI and was to appear next week in the Berkeley Playhouse's premiere of "Bridges: A New Musical."
Megan Schwarzman, 42, the Berkeley scientist and mother struck by a driver and trapped beneath his car while cycling, is expected to pull through. Berwick Haynes, 47, an actor, was arrested for DUI and was supposed to appear next week in the Berkeley Playhouse's premiere of "Bridges: A New Musical."
The first group of students working to elect Bernie Sanders president sprang up at Middlebury College in Vermont. There are now similar chapters at more than 220 campuses across the country, with the biggest one at the University of California at Berkeley.
Too late to make friends?
Whats the worst class in Berkeley?
taylor swift * anant sahai (ft. DFT^2)
nsfw - taylor swift x anant sahai (ft. DFT)
Any easy classes still available to add?
Stanford Student on Jeopardy answers Berkelium and Californium.
Three former Cal football players — running back C.J. Anderson, head coach Ron Rivera and assistant defensive backs coach Richard Rodgers Sr. — will play roles in Super Bowl 50, in Santa Clara on Sunday, Feb. 7. Cal has had at least one former player in the Super Bowl in 14 of the last 15 seasons.
Suspects drove a truck into the Pic-n-Pac Liquor store at 1296 San Pablo Ave., at Gilman Street, early Thursday morning and stole the lion's share of the store's inventory. Two suspects were unable to get the ATM machine and fled the area before the police arrived.
What's your bucket list?
AC TRANSIT PASS STICKER
p83nc69js27bq4
Pass / No Pass Question
Student activists took to Sproul Hall to circulate information on how increasing textbook prices affect college students. Computer science major Ram Kal: "I'm a computer science major, so a lot of the textbooks are all open source material, but I have friends who have to spend a lot on textbooks."
Looking For Goalkeeper For Monday Night Soccer League
Rocky Chavez, a Republican candidate for California's open U.S. Senate seat to replace retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer, spoke in Alan Ross's Political Science 179 class Wednesday. He told students a brief autobiography of his turbulent educational history and career in the U.S. Marine Corps.
Utilities for a two Bedroom Apartment?
Anybody else have USPS mail delivery problems in Berkeley close to campus?
join cs70
UCSC Student Taking CS 188 Over Summer
UCSC Student trying to take CS188 over the summer
Falling behind in cs61b
Questions about the CS minor?
falling behind in cs61b
Question about CS Minor.
Questions About the CS Minor.
Does the engineering frat Theta Tau haze?
Pappy's owner Alex Popov's defense after accusations of racially biased hiring practices: "Our record speaks for itself. Anyone who is a customer can come in and see first hand the diversity at all different levels of our staff…Only 20% of our staff is Caucasian. None of our managers are Caucasian."
Pappy owner Alex Popov's defense after accusations of racially biased hiring practices: "Our record speaks for itself. Anyone who is a customer can come in and see first hand the diversity at all different levels of our staff … Only 20% of our staff is Caucasian. None of our managers are Caucasian."
Guy "Mike" Lee, 2016 Berkeley mayoral candidate and homeless man: "It is extremely disturbing to me when I hear that UC Berkeley students are being forced into the plight of homelessness. It is absolutely unacceptable to me that a future Henry Taube is shivering in a doorway, textbook on his knee."
This year's TEDxBerkeley convention will be held in Zellerbach Hall from 10am to 6pm, Saturday, Feb. 6. Speakers will include CEO of the United Nations Foundation Kathy Calvin, international journalist Stephanie Freid, surgeon and entrepreneur Dr. Susan Lim and Mind Before Mouth founder Joshua Toch.
After a historic resumption of U.S.–Cuba diplomatic relations and a relaxation of bilateral tensions, Berkeley Study Abroad is now offering a summer study abroad program in Havana, Cuba. The month-long program is the first official campus faculty-led study abroad program to be offered in Cuba
Did any of you guys get regent scholarship invites for both UC Berkeley and UCLA?
Pass / No Pass Question
Staying Extra Time
Any Super Bowl parties?
(xpost /r/oakland), Got a 1999 Chevy Venture (parts work with Montanas and Silhouettes) with a motor problem. Looking to part it out or sell it if there's any interest or need?
Math 53 over summer
A email about UCOP monitoring of UC network traffic. Thoughts?
ASAM20A Midterms
Words cannot describe how blessed I am to sign my letter of intent to play football for my dream school. I can't wait to enroll in June! Go Bears!🐻
Daniel Juarez signs with Cal, faxes in letter of intent. wooooo! Good to have you =). Go bears!
Math 128A suggestions
Do I even have a chance to go to Berkeley as an OOS without getting crippling debts ?
What are some nice and easy IS breadths available this semester?
Nice and easy International Studies breadth for this semester
A roundup of Super Bowl 50 events this week includes the Super Fan Chase, a four-day scavenger hunt that will begin at 8 a.m. on Wednesday at Berkeley's Memorial Stadium. Participation costs $75, and pre-event registration is required.
Police recovered two guns and arrested four teenage boys — two boys from Richmond, ages 14 and 16, and two boys from San Pablo, ages 16 and 17 — after a robbery in Berkeley's Elmwood neighborhood Saturday night. An armed robbery had just taken place at College Avenue and Parker Street.
More than 3,000 people signed up to attend the Berkeley Startup Job Fair focused on diversity organized by Localwise, the Berkeley-based job community which organized the event. Over 1,000 showed up. At large tech companies, only 29% of the employees are women and only 15% are black or Hispanic.
A vehicle struck a female cyclist at the intersection of Fulton Street and Bancroft Way on Tuesday at about 4:58 p.m., pinning the cyclist underneath the vehicle. The Berkeley Police Department has called out its Fatal Accident Investigation Team due to the nature of the cyclist's injuries.
Daily Cal criticizes Alan Ross's decision to include only two of the four mayoral candidates to speak to his Political Science 179 class — excluding Guy "Mike" Lee, a member of the homeless community, and Naomi Pete. Ross's exclusion "shows a remarkable lack of respect for the democratic process".
A vehicle struck a female cyclist at the intersection of Fulton Street and Bancroft Way on Tuesday evening. Both the cyclist and vehicle had been heading southbound on Fulton Street when they collided at about 4:58 p.m., pinning the cyclist underneath the vehicle.
Where to get "Berkeley Mathematics" sweatshirts?
t SexDaating Freee Baase. Freee acccess available 2 hoоurs! t
Where to get "Berkeley Mathematics" sweatshirts?
CMG Strategy Consulting
Does anyone know where I can get Berkeley Contigo Autoseal?
How feasible is it for a grad student to rent a 1-bedroom?
Printers on Campus?
Good physical therapy clinics on campus?
Cardfight!! Vanguard players?
PSA: Don't be the obnoxious arsehole in your class
Which Peet's Coffee lets you purchase merchandise with meal points?
Moving to Berkeley soon, do I need to bring a water filter (or is tap water fine)?
Computer Programming in Hong Kong this summer for Berkeley students
Sophomore Niki Peters to compete on Jeopardy! College Championship
Six medical marijuana dispensary owners want to become Berkeley's fourth and final medical cannabis destination after Measure T. Berkeley's Medical Cannabis Commission heard proposals from The Apothecarium, Blüm Boutique, The Cannabis Center, iCann Health Center, and Berkeley Innovative Health.
David Kessler, 67, has for 40 years waken at 5am and makes sandwiches on his homemade bread and packs them in brown paper lunch bags with two cookies. He gives bags to student lifeguards, who start at 6am. He strives to know their names and dietary preferences and was a matchmaker for two swimmers.
Phoenix, a new robotic exoskeleton built by SuitX and based on technology that originated at Berkeley's Robotics and Human Engineering Laboratory, is helping paralyzed individuals to walk again. Max speed: 1.1 miles/hr. Mechanical engineering professor Homayoon Kazerooni is SuitX's founding CEO.
ELI5: Why is a mandatory bus pass fee allowed to be enforced on all students a part of tuition - even for those who do not use the bus service?
Lost Textbook in Dwinelle
Are there any two unit courses/decals that are still available?
TIL of the Phoenix Five prank, when Theta Chi liberated the Stanfurd Tree for two weeks.
Theta Tau - engineering frat
For the first time, undocumented students throughout the UC system can receive financial aid $5 million in funding for the California DREAM Loan Program. Grace Kim, an undocumented student and sophomore, was critical of the university's efforts, saying that it has turned a deaf ear to their needs.
Four UC Berkeley students and alumni — Ryan Corley, William Dormann, Shannon Mehaffey and Teddey Xiao —filed a lawsuit against Google Inc. on Wednesday, alleging that UC Berkeley emails were the target of data mining that violated Electronic Communications Privacy Act between 2012 and 2014.
Honors to date on transcript
Bus/Car Transportation to UCLA
Anyone else having problems with the Haas update?
Transferring into EECS
Getting into Haas
Sci-fi/Fantasy Book Club
If one student fails, that's the student's fault. If The entire class fails, that's the professor's fault.
most helpful ta in cs70?
EXID - 위아래 remix
Can I take R1A before R1B?
Uproar at Berkeley after news that UC President Janet Napolitano ordered the installation of network monitoring system capable of monitoring all e-mails going in and out of the UC system
Uproar at Berkeley after news that University of California President Janet Napolitano ordered the installation of network monitoring system capable of monitoring all e-mails going in and out of the UC system
Question about English R1A and R1B content
UC admits liability in 2014 death of Cal Football player Ted Agu
How do I find off-campus housing for the school year?
Anyone here use Ilbe.com?
Sunset Selects the Bay Area’s Berkeley Hills as the Location for the 2016 Idea House
unset Selects the Bay Area’s Berkeley Hills as the Location for the 2016 Idea House
J-Town Express, a Japanese snack and toy store, will be moving from its previous location in the Sun Valley Mall in Concord, California to a building on Telegraph Avenue formerly occupied by 2bella Boutique, a high-end women's clothing store that closed in October a year and a half after it opened.
Cal women's basketball narrowly defeats Washington State, 74-71. The Cal women's basketball team played with just seven players, while Washington States had a 12-player roster.
Heroes of the dorm team
Coop Question
Guy "Mike" Lee, 60, a homeless man, is running as an anti-establishment mayoral candidate on the side of Cal students, whom he sees as neglected. The Daily Cal interviewed him about his "urban village" with semi-permanent structure and the affordable housing crisis. His website: soldbumformayor.org.
A parasite expert, Facebook privacy adviser and legal startup mogul are among 19 UC Berkeley-affiliated individuals to make the 2016 Forbes 30 Under 30 list, an amalgamation of 600 game-changing individuals hailing from 20 diverse fields. Kevin Chan, Dipayan Ghosh, Colin Carlson and Joe Mornin.
Family of UC Berkeley soccer player, Eloi Vasquez, 19, killed running across an interstate after a party sue fraternity claiming they served him booze despite knowing he was underage. His relatives also claim they failed to look after him when he was intoxicated and couldn't take care of himself.
East Bay Express: Signs Reveal Discrimination Practices at Pappy's Grill &amp; Sports Bar in Berkeley. The Berkeley sports bar targeted only English speakers for front-of-the-house work and only Spanish speakers for back-of-the-house jobs.
After three years in Downtown Berkeley, Mediterranean restaurant Arabica closed its doors, making way for a new Taiwanese hotpot restaurant. Employees of nearby businesses were surprised by Arabica's departure and remembered the restaurant for having little traffic and limited hours of operation.
Policies and processes have changed: what students need to know about reporting sexual violence, assault
100-year-old Cal yearbook offers snapshot of forgotten campus life
Magic: the Gathering players?
Pic of hundreds crammed into a tiny downtown Berkeley building for career fair with a mere 30 mostly-obscure startups. People lined up around the block.
Councilmembers and mayoral candidates Jesse Arreguin and Laurie Capitelli spoke Wednesday during Political Science 179, a campus political science class. There are currently four candidates, but professor Alan Ross said he chose to invite only two because they are the two "major" mayoral candidates.
The Berkeley Forum: 150 people heard from John Deutch, former director of Central Intelligence and MIT professor emeritus. Deutch joked his friends wondered why he'd speak at Cal. He said he was interested in knowing what students have to say about the intelligence community and national defense.
The owners of Berkeley coffee shop Mokka stress they are not against the principle of increased minimum wages. HBut a recent hike, and future planned increases, played a significant role in their decision to close the business at 3075 Telegraph Ave., probably in June, 10 years after they opened.
On January 28, 2016, at 11:00 a.m., a UCPD Officer was dispatched to the area of Sproul Plaza in regard to a sexual battery. A female student reported that she was the victim of a sexual battery on the steps at Sproul Plaza minutes earlier. UCPD checked the area but couldn't locate the suspect.
100-year-old Cal yearbook offers snapshot of forgotten campus life
WTF is up with AC Transit right now?
Torrenting on campus?
The /r/Berkeley Chatroom is now on 3.0 (with an iPhone app). Feedback?
Is there any reason I would need the specific "Math 1A/1B" version of James Stewart's Early Transcendentals?
AirBears2 disconnecting sporadically
According to Google, DeCals are really unorthodox.
Fuck poor people! They're poor because they are stupid!
Summer Session for a UC first year?
Has anyone had a professor ignore your letter of rec request?
Prospective CS transfer - CIS 61 at Laney actually transferable?
Homeless students at Cal, lets start a group
PSA: Callisto sent out an email about Domo App-athon. DO NOT PARTICIPATE IN IT.
Partying at UC Berkeley may have just gotten harder. New Berkeley City Council rule: For group living accommodations requires a "responsible resident" to respond to neighbors' concerns and keep a complaint log. Annual notices to neighbors within 300 feet required and 48 hours notice before parties.
Taking 12 units?
East Bay gears up for bike-sharing this fall
Amazon Crossing Into Brick-and-Mortar Retail World in Berkeley
Next week, 28 laid-off staff members at Campus Shared Services will be working their last day at the university. CSS is a program initiated in 2011 with the stated aim of increasing administrative efficiency and savings across Berkeley by centralizing administrative services.
Daily Cal on Tele-BEARS elimination: "UC Berkeley's antiquated class enrollment program will cease to exist in March, after more than 20 years of service in which it graduated from a cumbersome call-in system to a glitchy online one that often left students feeling Tele-frustrated."
Amazon Crossing Into Brick-and-Mortar Retail World in Berkeley
Ladies of Berkeley, have you ever been asked out on a formal date? Guys, have you ever asked someone out on a real date?
Chris Thompson, a Berkeley alumnus and journalist, died in his Berkeley home Thursday, at the age of 46. After graduating from UC Berkeley in 1994, Thompson launched his career at the East Bay Express, where he worked for 12 years. Thompson pioneered an investigation of Yusuf Bey and his colleagues.
Stats w21?
Young black men killed by US police at highest rate in year of 1,134 deaths - Fellow Bears, how can we idly stand by while black people continue to live life as second-class citizens? Trayvon Martin died in 2012 and things haven't changed, chew on that for a minute.
What's the building on oxford and ~center?
Niki Peters, a sophomore at UC Berkeley, will be among 15 finalists who will compete in the two-week Jeopardy! College Championship beginning Monday, Feb. 1 for a $100,000 grand prize. Peters is majoring in integrative biology. Jeopardy! airs at 6 p.m., Monday through Friday on CBS channels.
South Gate Apartments, a mixed-use building with 44 dwelling units and 2,800 square feet of nonresidential floor area, is expected to be ready by August 2016. Located at 2526 Durant Ave., it lies one block south of the UC Berkeley campus in the Telegraph Avenue commercial area.
Berkeley City Council met today to discuss the results of a homeless point-in-time count, which indicate a 53 percent increase (197 more people) in Berkeley's unsheltered homeless population since 2009. There is a 23 percent increase in the city's homeless population overall, from 680 to 834 people.
Michael Pachovas, 67, of Berkeley is a legally blind quadriplegic and diabetic hospitalized for over a year with life-threatening sores. He faces eviction from his apartment because his landlord's agent contends he is not using it as his primary residence. He enrolled at UC Berkeley in the 1970s.
Recently, Berkeley has experienced two armed robberies via possible shotgun near campus. On Wednesday, January 20, 2016 at 3:10 a.m. an armed robbery occurred near Oxford and Hearst. On Friday, January 22, 2016 at 11:20 p.m. an attempted armed robbery occurred on the 2200 block of Parker Street.
Arch Lingux Groups on Campus?
Joining upper divs at this point
Where did the bicycle repair container go?
Best way to study for classes?
The Strange Rituals of Silicon Valley Intern Recruiting: Computer science is now the most popular major at Berkeley. The Wozniak Lounge hosts many recruitment events, where food and resume drops are draws. Internships at some tech companies pay upwards of $7,000 per month, plus a rent stipend.
Hello! We're a kinda boring group of peeps looking for Berkeley students for a pilot program
My pussy! for berkeley
Where to get spicy foods?
The new Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive — with its fresh design, expanded programs and prime town-and-gown location — is about to be celebrated with a four-day grand opening that starts this Thursday, Jan. 28, and culminates in a free public open house on Sunday, Jan. 31.
With Berkeley this fall expecting 750 new students, the campus is looking at options to house its share. Stiles Hall — a residence hall proposal beginning construction in late 2016 — is currently the only proposed on-campus housing development. Kevin Sabo: "Where are those students going to live?"
Authorities are asking for the public's help to find Diana Hajisaari, 62, a Berkeley woman who has been missing since Friday morning. She was last seen in Oakland. Police say Hajisaari left her job, in the 100 block of Swan Way near Bay Farm Island and Hegenberger Road, Friday at about 10.
Business Consulting Clubs at UC Berkeley
Math 55 tutor
What is NSLS and is it worth joining?
You stay classy, Berkeley
Hike Alameda Creek (1/30), East Bay's Best Chance for Salmonids
RIP 10,000 subscribers.
Berkeley Startup Job Fair this Thursday 1/28
How I feel meeting new housemates, new people in section, and just all of the new people you meet here when the semester is beginning. (Repost from my front page)
Rushing a business fraternity thoughts?
Rushing a business frat questions
Rushing a business frat questions
COC unit minimum
What time of day is the RSF most/least crowded?
ResComp/SAIT job opportunities for students
UC Berkeley biochemist Jennifer Doudna joined Vice President Joe Biden this week at the World Economic Forum in a call to advance national research and treatment in the fight against cancer. Doudna spoke about her research on CRISPR Cas9, a gene editing tool that can manipulate the human genome.
Best way to make friends? Any frats taking juniors?
Any interesting classes still open?
Business Consulting Clubs at UC Berkeley
Best Website Ever
Geoff Marcy is now an emeritus professor at UC Berkeley. Asked whether anyone could have prevented the honorific title, Berkeley spokesman Dan Mogulof noted, "Once we went down the path we went down, there just wasn't an option." No tenured faculty member has ever been terminated from Berkeley.
SoDoI, a new Berkeley gourmet coffee tasting house, held its soft opening this past weekend. Located at 2438 Durant Ave., SoDoI served free cups of coffee to customers, giving them a chance to experience the new shop's atmosphere and beverages before SoDoI's planned grand opening Feb. 12.
Geoff Marcy is now an emeritus professor at UC Berkeley. Asked whether prevented the bestowing of the honorific title, Berkeley spokesman Dan Mogulof noted, "Once we went down the path we went down, there just wasn't an option." No tenured faculty member has ever been terminated from Berkeley.
Get undropped from a class you really need?
Best Public Basketball Hoops
Are Berkeley EECS Faculty Part of Illuminati?
Need schedule planning advice for CS61B
What are some interesting international breadth classes that are offered this semester?
How to study for UGBA 10 Module tests?
What interesting international breadth classes are offered this semester?
Boxing Club
Where can I donate clothes in Berkeley?
Campus math lecturer Alexander Coward sues UC regents, alleges wrongful termination
Waitlisted #22 for Philosophy 3. Should I keep trying??
Cal Men's Basketball beats #12 Arizona: BEARS WIN! BEARS WIN!!!!
CS61A with Hilfinger... HELP
Differere waiting list # in CalCentral vs. Tele-Beras?
Anyone going to the Cloud Gate Dance Theatre of Taiwan performance at Zellerbach tonight?
Anyone selling tickets to the Zona game &lt; $15?
turn your image into a grungy pencil sketch and cartoon
Asian-American Organizations on campus to check out/join?
The View from Wurster (sorry for bad lighting)
Tay Tay Student Groups/ Decals?
A Book Reading Group in Berkeley
"Checking privilege serves to reinforce it" – Who does this guy think he is?
Best way to make friends?
3 simple ways to lose 20 lbs in only 4 Weeks! No diets, no fitness!
Berkeley Startup Job Fair Thursday 2/28
Efe Atli: "Three decades of checking privilege directly correlate with an astronomical rise in income inequality. The more inequality we have, the more privilege gets checked by more privileged people, and the more the privileged fee power in being aware of their privilege. It grows like a cancer."
Cal Offensive Coordinator Tony Franklin taking OC job at Middle Tennessee State
Berkeley is slipping when it comes to who's applying to UC schools
I'm starting my second semester at Berkeley. Do I still get that free ticket stuff?
Happy Free Eighth Friday!
Who does this guy think he is? Berkeley won't even admit White students anymore.
Inconsiderate Pranksters Disrupting Unit 1
RIP berkeleyeecs.com
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office agreed Monday to decide whether a UC Berkeley research team will be awarded the rights instead of MIT to the groundbreaking CRISPR-Cas9 technology, which could be worth billions of dollars and serve as the foundation for the burgeoning field of gene editing.
Cal men's basketball holds on for 75-70 win over Arizona State, backpedaling from a three-game losing streak compounded by the loss of its starting point guard and leading scorer Tyrone Wallace
Campus freshman Tim Vorenkamp died Jan. 10 after a 5-year battle with synovial cell sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He was 18 years old. After learning in October that his cancer was incurable, Tim Vorenkamp established the Live For Others Foundation, a nonprofit that funds research for a cure.
Awesome home visit with coach Dykes and coach Jones. Couldn't be happier to be a bear🐻
Lose your keys near LSA I took them to rsf lost and found
Being a part time engineering student?
aeskfjdhjekwhfsd
FUCK eecs and cs
i REALLY like this girl
fuck this subreddit
CS61B Josh Hug Star Wars Entrance
ib169
Sylvia McLaughlin, the last surviving member of the Save the Bay co-founders, died in her Berkeley home Tuesday at the age of 99. In 1961, McLaughlin, Kay Kerr (wife of Clark Kerr), and Esther Gulick distressed over a Berkeley plan to pave over 2,000 acres of San Francisco Bay, formed Save the Bay.
Ilaf Esuf: "I grew up in a typical Asian household where criticisms were abundant and praises were few. I quit knitting at a young age because my mother said I could do better. I stopped playing sports because my grandparents couldn't see past my flabs of skin. I let their words dictate my life."
Tele-BEARS will disappear in late March as the campus rolls out a new system through CalCentral that will integrate traditional campus student information sites. Announced in July 2014, the new campus Student Information System will move information services to CalCentral.
Is there a site where all activities and events on and around campus are listed with times, dates, and locations?
Anyone recommend a good CPA in the area?
TIL George Dantzig, as a UC Berkeley grad student, solved a famous unsolved statistics problem on the blackboard when thinking it was homework, turned it in late saying it was "harder than usual," and was published shortly after.
Yelp @ Soda
Has anyone ever switched into EECS with a gpa below the requirement?
Anyone have 2 bikes I can borrow for a week?
Our very own John Searle: The Mind-Body Problem as it relates to Consciousness
Where can I learn intro Mandarin?
Connectivity issue with AirBears2
Where can I adventure around Berkeley?
How are the chances of getting into CS189?
stats134 or ee16a??
Cal men's basketball starting point guard Tyrone Wallace is officially out for four to six weeks with a broken bone in his wrist. The senior's hand was hit during a five-on-five drill at Saturday's practice. Junior Sam Singer will take his place in the starting lineup.
In anticipation of an enrollment boost of 6,500 undergraduates in the 2016-17 academic year, UC President Janet Napolitano unveiled a plan at the UC Board of Regents meeting to add 14,000 beds to UC campuses by 2020. UC Berkeley ranks among the priciest colleges for housing in the United States.
Berkeley authorities detained two people — one of whom was spotted with a gun — Wednesday afternoon in what school officials say was a continuation of problems that began downtown Tuesday when a group of teens assaulted a BHS student.
Isaiah Mitchell-Lawson, 18, from Berkeley was arrested with a loaded gun Tuesday evening after authorities responded to reports of large groups of youth fighting in the streets downtown, police said. Mitchell-Lawson attended Berkeley High School, where he played on the basketball team.
Thoughts on CS 88?
Is it too late to rush a social frat as a junior?
How do you effectively take notes for history classes?
CS170, CS188, CS162, breadth. Is it doable?
CS188 + CS170 + CS162 + breadth. Too much?
Possible to do internship and CS70 over summer?
Check Out This Free App I Made For You!
Alcohol delivery service?
Best place for male haircut?
Worst class you've ever taken at Berkeley?
Activity parter to eat/go places with
Spring 2016 MCB 102
So uh... Any Bronies in Berkeley?
Spring Events at Berkeley
CS 10 or CS 8?
I was the special guest on last nights Bear Republic podcast. Check it out if you support your football team, GO BEARS!
Activity partner to eat/go places with
Is it too late to rush as a second semester junior for a social frat?
AirBears2 Microsoft Surface Fix?
2016-2017 CS draft schedule now out!
How many companies did you apply to during your job search?
Will I get off the Public Policy C103 (Wealth and Poverty) waitlist? I'm number #136 on the waitlist :/
TIL UC Berkeley Computer Science enrollment dropped to the point the GPA cap was removed during the dot com crash in 2000
Admission Application Checklist?
He's coming.
What's the likelihood of getting off this waitlist?
Berkeley freshman Grace O'Toole: "One of my friends really did get [a scholarship] for having red hair and freckles." Anheuser-Busch is covering chemical engineering freshman Kristyn Fudge's over $150,000 in out-of-state tuition for her four years at Berkeley. The average UC scholarship is $3,500.
Did this really happen?
On Saturday, San Leandro police recovered an $80,000 300-pound statue of stolen Jan. 13 from Berkeley's boathouse in Oakland. The suspect is Dean Gamaza, 46. The life-size bronze statue depicts Olympics crew coach Carroll "Ky" Ebright who coached the Bears from 1924-59.
A San Mateo developer has submitted an application to build Shattuck Terrace Green Apartments at 2190 Shattuck Ave., just north of Allston Way. It is is set to include 274 units, 12,000 square feet of commercial space, and a 19,000-square-foot underground garage with spots for more than 80 vehicles.
dilemma with class schedules, CS61b+169+(cs70 or ee16b?)
AP Credit-What do
AP Credits-what do
How was your first day, everyone?
Lasher’s Electronics may be forced to close after 56 years
Places to eat with parking?
Any advice for career fairs?
Usefulness of CS 164
Another person was hit and killed by the BART in North Berkeley.
Directory of the Spring Career Fair??
Looking for tips/advice for finding housing for next year
Activity partner to eat/go places with
Lecturers throughout UC are teaching without a contract, as negotiations continue between their union, the University Council-American Federation of Teachers, and the university's negotiation team. The contract expired Dec. 10. The clause prohibiting the union from striking is no longer in effect.
Unofficial transcript not on BearFacts?
Shanzeh Khurram: "I started at UC Berkeley this past semester and was intent on getting straight A's — even a single A- would have been a tragedy. But when I did get a 4.0, I only felt momentary relief, which was surprisingly replaced almost immediately by a sense of agitation."
Michelle Garcia: Devaluing teachers hurts education. In one high school alone in Alameda County, there was a shortage of 20 teachers. More than 1,400 students who have completed CalTeach have taken jobs in California public school districts. Specifically, STEM students should consider the CalTeach.
Fieri 2016
How can we tell if we actually graduated?
My apartment was broken into and my car was stolen (Berkeley, CA). Help! (x-post r/RBI)
Fun Activities
Bring Terry Crews To Berkeley!
Housing options for non-freshmen.
A website to connect on campus soccer viewers at Berkeley. Fans from all teams are welcome.
Google College Recruiter for UC Berkeley?
Burping people are back on fb. What class is this? School hasn't even started :/
Does anyone know where to get big bags of Chile Limon Lays?
Ryan Hemsworth is kicking off ASUC SUPERB's spring 2016 lineup with a surprise show at Pauley Ballroom on Saturday. Doors open at 7:30 p.m. and the show starts at 8 p.m. The show is for UC Berkeley students only.
A building on the 2400 block of Haste Street caught on fire Monday afternoon. As of 3:15 p.m., Berkeley Fire Department was still at the scene of the fire, Berkeley Police Department Lt. Jennifer Louis said. BPD also responded to the fire, with ambulances arriving at the scene.
Google College Recruiter for UC Berkeley?
How manageable is cs174 without cs170?
P/NP CS 70?
Ready for class tomorrow?
Business jobs with CS major?
Has anyone here taken GWS 144?
I'm in this area for the next 6 hours... what should I do?!
Physics 137A without 7C
Psych Upper Divs?
So my apartment just flooded...
Is your professor Hitler? Please let us know and we will provide complimentary heckling for the first week of classes.
[#2] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a new thread because you don't have karma? Ask here!
How can we tell if we actually graduated?
Have a story worth telling? I want to hear from you
What are the bare essentials for learning CS with career options after graduation?
Haas MBA (possible applicant)
eWaste recycling close to campus
(repost) Need a training partner for squats and deadlifts? Check out the Berkeley Barbell Club facebook group
Alternatives to Callisto for Internships
Are high schoolers allowed to get involved in research?
Why the FUCK are all the CS upper divs full?
Free Documentary Screening TONIGHT (1/17, 159 Mulford, 7.30PM): eXXpedition Atlantic 2014
Does anyone want my old iClicker+?
Guy travels the world on bike, only to have it stolen in Berkeley
Google College Recruiter for UC Berkeley?
Anyone need the History 100AC textbooks?
Why are College Textbooks so absurdly expensive? Explained!
Macbook Pro connected to Airbears2 but doesn't load anything, help?
How should I go about looking for research opportunities?
Cal MBB Walk-on Brenden Glapion Recieves Surprise Scholarship
need help setting up internet in my apartment
[REVIVAL] Discussion: What major are you in?
Former Cal women's soccer defender Samantha Witteman's stock continues to rise. The Orlando Pride selected her as the 10th overall pick in the first round of the National Women's Soccer League Draft on Friday morning.
How to do well in cs169?
CRISPR Patent War: Billions at Stake for UC Berkeley
Bio+CS
Hot girls of Berkeley, what classes are you taking next semester and are they still full?
Invisible People at the New OCF
EECS robotics professor Pieter Abbeel, Sergey Karayev (Ph.D.'14 CS), and Arjun Singh (B.S.'10 EECS) co-founded a company to launch Gradescope (formerly Pandagrader) in 2014. 6.5 million answers have been graded by instructors of 800 courses at over 120 high schools, colleges and universities.
Berkeley's King Middle School students played wheelchair basketball with the Harlem Globetrotters. Trooper Johnson, a former member of the U.S. National Wheelchair Basketball team, told the young people in the audience that people who use wheelchairs "can do the same things you can do."
Michael Franklin, Chair of the Computer Science Division of EECS, will become the chair of private research university University of Chicago's Department of Computer Science and serve as senior advisor to the provost on computation and data science.
When is a bad time to say "Go Bears!"?
What is APhiO the service frat like? How big is the time commitment?
To those that successfully cancelled their UC housing contracts--how?
Asian Activist Groups at UC Berkeley
What is the time commitment for Alpha Phi Omega the service frat?
Looking for ultimate frisbee in berkeley
170 Top Economists ‘Feel The Bern,’ Endorse Bernie Sanders’ Wall Street Reform Plan - ROBERT REICH
"Courses &amp; Groups" on bCourses
Question: How does the Berkeley "required courses" compare to Columbia's Core? (Or other major university required courses)
How competitive is URAP?
Armenian 124 and Near Eastern Studies 165
As a Cal kid, obligatory fuck Stanfurd post.
Stat 135 without R?
Kelly Hammergren, one of the most active opponents of the planned 18-story high-rise at 2211 Harold Way in downtown Berkeley, filed a lawsuit Wednesday charging that the city of Berkeley did not do an adequate environmental review of the 203-unit complex. Hammergren intends to represent herself.
Johnny Tolliver, a 52-year-old supervisor in Berkeley's Zero Waste division, died Monday due to an injury from a work-related accident. Friend Vermell Westbrooks recalled Tolliver’s forgiving nature, spirituality, wisdom and likeability, noting that he served as a pillar of strength for his family.
The first of Amazon's university campus product-pickup points has opened at Berkeley, in the Martin Luther King Jr. building. Called Amazon@ASUC Student Union, it's fully staffed and open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.
"Introduction to Edible Education 101 and the Slow Food Movement" by Carlo Petrini, Founder and President of Slow Food International, with former New York Times columnist and food journalist Mark Bittman Tuesday, January 19th at 6:30 PM.
1941: Berkeley holds special court for bicycle scofflaws. Sentences include impounding the bicycle for a month, having the violator write a 300-word composition on the infraction, or attending the Berkeley Bicycle Traffic School, conducted on six consecutive Saturday mornings at playgrounds.
taking ib 140 and 169 together?
Tres Commas: Eric Schmidt to speak at Zellerbach Hall on a Wednesday night in Feb
Cal vs. Stanford Mens Basketball Thread, 8 PM at Maples Pavilion
CS 189 and CS 188 at same time
Question about Transferring from another UC
Where do I find apartments?
Adding 'Beauty And Joy' To Obama's Push For Computer Science Teaching
Thinking About Transferring
Trying to retake a C-
Can a History major from a Bay Area community college get in with a 3.71?
After serving 12 years on the city council — and another 12 on various city commissions — Max Anderson has decided not to run for another term. John Selawsky, who currently sits on the Rent Stabilization Board, is running. So is Deborah Matthews, a realtor who has served on numerous city boards.
CARS Bill - Help!!
Elon Musk has a cousin at Berkeley, graduating this year in EECS/Physics?
What do I need at CalSo?
T[e]sting the waters ... would you guys like to see more? :P
Are midterms scheduled near President's day break?
Are ya'll excited for the new semester?
Born in China to a household without running water, Nanxi Liu, 25, was separated from her parents until she was 5. She was a beauty queen, earned enough scholarship money to pay her way through UC Berkeley, founded two successful startups before the age of 25, and made the Forbes 30-under-30 list.
The UC Student Association discussed Jerry Brown's state budget proposal and passed a resolution denouncing government raids on undocumented communities. Mohsin Mirza: "ICE represents a terrifying and violent threat for undocumented students and families. These raids are morally reprehensible."
An $80,000 300-pound bronze statue pictured above was stolen from the UC Berkeley Boathouse on January 12. The life-size statue depicts Cal Crew Coach Carrol 'Ky' Ebright, who coached Cal crew teams to earn three Olympic gold medals in the early 20th century. It was funded by Cal alumni donations.
Police are looking for three masked robbers with a gun who tied up a security guard and took several trays of marijuana plants from Berkeley Patients Group (BPG) medical dispensary at 2366 San Pablo Ave., near Channing Way, Sunday just before 1:20 a.m. while the business was closed.
Meetup tonight at I-house 8:30pm
Good skinny dipping places?
explain Berkeley morons what this is
Getting letters of rec if you don't really know your professor/advisor?
Does Comcast still offer a student discount?
Financial Aid past 8 semesters
OffPlanet VR 2: virtual reality demo mixer
Cal football flips a Stanfurd recruit/commit, with a strong chance to flip another.
Is it hard to consistently get pdfs of textbooks?
Engineering groups at Cal that work on interesting projects?
Trying to retake a class I got a C- in...
The Best Party of February-and its Free Entry all Night!
Cultural faux pas at Cal
Opinions on Media Studies, Rhetoric and Public Policy
Engineering groups at Cal that work on interesting projects?
UC Berkeley professors, alumni and community members have created a startup called UpRise Campaigns with the goal of disrupting the role of money in politics. The startup was founded by Nelson Morgan, EECS professor-in-residence emeritus and Madelaine Plauche, a 2001 linguistics PhD among others.
Philip B. Stark, a Berkeley professor, Kellie Ottoboni, a Berkeley Ph.D. candidate, and Anne Boring: Evaluations are biased against female instructors. In France, males rated males instructors higher than female instructors. In the US, females rated male instructors higher than female instructors.
CS C8 datascience, is it a joke?
CS C8 datascience, a joke?
The city of Berkeley worker who was pinned by a garbage truck on Monday has died of his injuries. The death of Johnny Tolliver while on duty may be the first for a city worker who is not a police officer or firefighter. "At the scene he was talking with people and conscious and walking."
With the record-breaking score of 195.575, No. 14 Cal women's gymnastics (4-0) wins NorCal Classic, defeating No. 8 Stanford (194.800).
A city worker was taken to the hospital after a municipal garbage truck may have pinned him against a tree in the Berkeley Hills on Monday afternoon when its brakes went out. The garbage truck was "deep in the yard" of a home on Parnassus Road.
Waitlisted classes
Dentists in Berkeley?
taking IB 140 and 169 together?
Waitlisted classes
taking IB 140 and 169. is it too tough?
Waitlisted classes
More than 100,000 students seek admission to Berkeley
Any Bowie fans in Berkeley?
UC Gets Record Number Of Applications For Fall 2016
Anyone ever taken CS289A - Introduction to Machine Learning?
How I feel after getting my CS degree and family and friends come to me with any tech issue
As promised, the scavenger hunt/puzzle experience I put together for my wife's birthday.
mcb 41??
A Berkeley BART station briefly closed Monday morning after maintenance crews discovered a severed human foot on the tracks, officials said. The foot is believed to belong to a woman who was hit by a train on Dec. 20 and lost the lower part of her right leg.
UC Berkeley School of Law students received an email warning of possible disruptions to financial aid disbursements due to a major outage of the Berkeley Financial System, or BFS. The campus after discovering a possible security risk intentionally took the systems offline to investigate.
Café Clem at 2020 Kittredge St. in downtown Berkeley closed for three weeks after a revamping (reducing hours and cutting out expensive meats). On Monday, the café will reopen. The owner, Dorothée Mitrani-Bell, cited the recent rise in Berkeley's minimum wage and with increased wholesale costs.
Short term leases around Berkeley? (Semester Long)
CalSO worth going to?
Humans of Piazza - Part 2
What are some engineering groups to join that do/create cool things?
Not-shitty people/companies for housing in Berkeley
Where to buy winning Powerball ticket at Berkeley
Crews continued Sunday to look for Shuqin Zhang, a missing UC Berkeley graduate student, after finding her car near Point Reyes Lighthouse in Marin County and discovering her belongings on a cliff above the ocean. Her friends said she had been feeling despondent and acting out of character lately.
Getting Into the Porn Industry with Pi Beta Phi
Any open breadth classes worth taking?
Is the XCF still active?
CS 61A vs CS 70 for determining interest in CS?
Workstudy jobs that don't require work?
Lower Floor of MLK, Empty
What is being a reader like?
Play a character in a massive scavenger hunt/puzzle I'm planning for my wife's birthday. Will take no longer than 20 minutes of your time.
Recently, four new elements have been added to the periodic table. Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory is given full credit for discovering element 118, and partial credit (with the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Russia and the Oak Ridge National Laboratory) for elements 115 and 117.
The Berkeley Police Department is looking for Shuqin Zhang, a 22-year-old UC Berkeley master's student in statistics, who has been missing since Thursday. Berkeley Police Department: "Recent events suggest she could be suicidal. She was to fly to China this morning, but did not board her flight."
Missing Person: Shuqin Zhang, 22 year old, Asian Female, last seen in Berkeley on January 7 at 1:30 a.m.
Machine shops? Need some custom parts
Two years after it opened to fanfare – and controversy – Savers Thrift Superstore at 1414 University Ave. will shut its doors on Saturday, Jan. 16. The store manager said Berkeley has proved too expensive for the discount thrift store chain.
Guy "Mike" Lee, 60, a member of Berkeley's homeless community, announced Monday he is running for mayor. Lee believes the homeless in Berkeley are not confident that other candidates represent their interests. Lee's solution for homelessness includes an urban village with semipermanent structures.
Is it too much to take Cs 189 and EE 126 at the same time?
Becoming a TA for CS upperdivs.
managing time @ Cal - any advice?
Do prospective CS majors only have one shot to petition for the major?
actual /r/berkeley meetup
Who from UC Berkeley made it on Forbes 30 Under 30 for 2016?
Daily Cal's Madeline Zimring wants a semester abroad in Paris. Her parents don't want her to go. She calls her parents cowards, and wonders whether her dad is intolerant and racist. She says if she didn't know them she'd think her dad is a "crazy libertarian" and her mom is a "psychotic Tiger Mom".
How many more students to declare CS before they raise GPA cap?
A futuristic 14,000 square-foot Berkeley/Oakland Hills mansion that was built for tech entrepreneur Robert Felton has sold for $20.5 million, making it the most expensive home ever sold in Alameda County.
Black Oak Books, which has been in Berkeley for 33 years, is shutting its doors. Gary Cornell, the math professor who rescued the storied bookstore in 2008 said the store no longer makes financial sense. Berkeley raised its minimum wage to $11 an hour making it more difficult to run the business.
Police arrested two men early Monday morning after they reportedly brandished knives and carjacked a motorist in Berkeley's Aquatic Park. Idris Bashiruddin-Webb, 24, of Berkeley, and Andre Marshall, 18, of Oakland, were arrested.
A fundraising campaign set up to help Claire Dugan, a Berkeley Cragmont Elementary School teacher who was critically injured in Richmond on Saturday after being hit by a stray bullet, has so far raised more than $31,000 for her and her partner, Lori Dooner.
ee16a necessary for ee16b?
Has a high school in Merced appropriated Cal's logo?
Has a high school in Merced appropriated Cal's logo?
UC Berkeley CS Professor Sanjam Garg named on Forbes' 30 Under 30 List of 2016
Reader - Duties and workload
New data on 2 Bay Area faults cause worry about next big quake
Save paper: You can register to vote online
Prospective transfer student planning on going to Cal
CS Scholars
Overlapping Classes
math 104
After nine months of renovation, including a Constellation System by Meyer Sound, Berkeley Repertory Theatre is set to reopen its signature theater space. Known as the Thrust Stage since its opening in 1980, it has been renamed Peet's Theatre, in recognition of a new partnership with Peet's Coffee.
U.S. District Court Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers set a Nov. 7 trial date in a lawsuit seeking damages because of police brutality allegations in a November 2011 "Occupy Cal" protest. She expressed doubts about some aspects of the suit filed by BAMN but said the case should be heard by a jury.
Clothilde "Cloey" Hewlett has been appointed as the new Executive Director of the Cal Alumni Association (CAA) by CAA's Board of Directors. CAA represents the 485,000 living graduates of the number one public university, UC Berkeley—alumni who are leaders in industry, public service, and education.
After hearing sometimes chilling testimony from three witnesses at a preliminary hearing Tuesday in Alameda County Superior Court, Judge Trina Thompson ordered Anthony Durant to stand trial in the October 2015 killing of Christian Sheppard, Berkeley's only recorded homicide last year.
Quick question about Cheney in Unit 1.
Who from UC Berkeley made it on Forbes 30 Under 30 for 2016?
Do you add your GSI's on Facebook? Why or why not?
What do I do if I like coding but I hate CS theory?
Cognitive Science major /Computer Science minor job prospects?
I got into the CS Major, and you didn't! AHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Stay in school or take a dream internship?
Do CS Upper divs check prerequisites?
AMA request: Somebody who can explain how and why Berkeley wifi (of all flavors) is so incredibly piss-poor, and why the old Airbears/Airbears 2 system (which sort of worked, usually) had to be removed to usher in this new era of piss-poverty.
Who from UC Berkeley made it on Forbes 30 Under 30 for 2016?
What are some engineering groups to join that do cool things?
CS 170 + 162?
How safe is torrenting via VPN?
How heavy is cs164 with Sen?
Nice one, wikipedia!
cs 186, 170, 188, doable?
Anant Sahai: Berkeley applicants interested in CS should apply directly to EECS. Another instructor on berkeleyeecs.com: "could be harmful for those with epillepsy or seizure disorder, or sensitivity to flashing images ... the language['s] extremely offensive. I will be forwarding to legal council."
A 52-year-old fourth grade teacher at Berkeley's Cragmont Elementary School was injured by a stray bullet in Richmond on Jan. 2 and remains in the hospital in critical condition. She was driving on Cutting Boulevard near 22nd Street a little after 6 p.m. on her way to pick up her teenage son.
A UC Berkeley graduate in computer science, Gene Luen Yang, is the new ambassador for Young People's Literature. After a short while working, he realized he was meant to be a teacher. He taught high school computing, art and math for 17 years before finally going fulltime with his writing recently.
A 19-year-old Berkeley man, posing as an Airbnb guest from Chicago, duped an Oakland couple who returned home to find their home trashed after a party on New Year's Eve, police said.
Junior wide receiver Kenny Lawler will not be playing for the Bears next year. On Tuesday, Lawler declared for the 2016 NFL Draft and will be foregoing his senior season. Lawler joins quarterback Jared Goff on the growing list of Bears leaving the "Bear Raid" offense after an eight-win season.
"Ippudo, Acclaimed NYC Ramen Shop, to Open in Berkeley"
Off campus apartments
Berkeley students and adderall
Blasphemy
What are some good birthday dinner options?
Anyone able to help transport 2 small couch pieces, less than a mile, one way, by the Ashby station? $25 for the cause.
South Berkeley Safety
berkeleyeecs.com is kill
Guy Fieri post on /r/circlejerk made it to the front page.
When are CS major applications processed?
Berkeley's Impact Theatre will close in mid-2016. For 20 years, Impact Theatre has been producing youth-oriented new plays and fast-paced Shakespeare productions in the basement of La Val's Pizza in North Berkeley. Grants are harder and harder to come by. Ticket sales are down.
The UC Board of Regents will vote on the creation of a student adviser position at its January meeting. The student adviser would not be an official member of the board or retain voting powers. The goal for the position is to provide a more diverse perspective to the single student regent vote.
Voted Off The Island At Berkeley Haas School of Business. Business professor John Morgan has been teaching a game theory class for more than a decade with students now competing for cash. One of his strategies in using the Survivor format is to emphasize the importance of empathy in business.
A team of researchers led by electrical engineering and computer science professor Vladimir Stojanovic have built a computer chip that transmits data with light, dramatically boosting both transmission speed and energy-efficiency.
What's an easy 5 unit class?
Cognitive Science major/ Computer Science minor job prospects?
Jaylen Brown 2015- 2016 Cal Highlights - HD
Salary for entry-level chemist in Berkeley?
New data on 2 Bay Area faults cause worry about next big quake
Reduced Course Load and Tuition Implications
CCC transfer student with ~3.54-3.61 applying for a neurobiology major fall 2017?
International student getting a driver's license?
New data on 2 Bay Area faults cause worry about next big quake
Cal's $143 million new Shyh Wang Hall — built to house supercomputers capable of handling as many as 2 quadrillion calculations per second each and named after professor Wang — resembles a mainframe computer itself. SF Chronicle: "Hulking UC Berkeley computer lab sits awkwardly in neighborhood".
Best way to get from Berkeley to Santa Jose?
Cal tops No. 21 Utah, 71-58. 2-0 in Pac-12
Landscape Architecture Art Exhibition "Space Open" at UC Berkeley in January 2016
Damn Cal basketball, you scary: Cal beats No. 21 Utah 71-58
Jaylen Brown 2015- 2016 Cal Highlights - HD
Introvert-friendly clubs?
Working for ResComp?
[x-post /r/bayarea] New data on 2 Bay Area faults cause worry about next big quake
Berkeley Open Source Food
Piering into the Bae
CS162 One-man army?
Ee122 vs cs168
Can you recommend good chiropractors that accept SHIP?
How much harder is CS170 compared to CS70? Tips for doing well?
Why does the Rohnert Park Public Safety Department use the University of California, Berkeley police department's bomb squad instead of the Sonoma County sheriff's bomb unit? Answer: Because it's free. UC Berkeley's bomb unit stopped charging for its services last year.
Becky O'Malley on January 1, 2016: "Last night someone broke down the gate to our side yard and snatched Mike O'Malley's two-foot high 30 lb. ceramic sculpture of Eve and Lilith from his 'Out of Doors' sculpture display wall. ... Will we call the police? Probably not, because what could they do?"
The Bears will have to deal with another departure at a critical position a year early. Cornerback Cedric Dozier will use his final year of eligibility at another program. He will graduate from the university this spring and move onto another program to play his senior season as a graduate transfer.
California men's basketball opens conference play with 79-65 victory over Colorado at Haas. Next game is Sunday against Utah.
Why are /r/berkeley's subs going down?
MLK, Lower Floor, Empty
Interim Fire Chief Avery Webb retires after 30 years of serving Berkeley. Gil Dong, interim deputy city manager, will act as interim fire chief while maintaining his position as interim deputy city manager. Dong served as fire chief from December 2012 to June 2015 before his promotion.
i added berkeley to a class review site ive been working on
What are the best ways to get people to notice your posts on Reddit?
If I waive UC SHIP, will I get the money back?
Need a place to stay in berkeley because I screwed up my flight
What are your New Year's resolutions?
Graduated CS but offers are less than 100k. End of world?
D in a non a-g class
10 Berkeley animal stories in 2015: a yellowjack swarm attack, a squirrel power outage, goats swarming across road, a fawn "killed by off-leash dog" and hung on fence, and one woman's bid to save a neglected dog.
In 2015, crime looked to be on the upswing in Berkeley compared to the prior year's significant reductions. A series of attempted child abductions had the community on alert in the fall. There were about a dozen shootings in Berkeley in 2015. Home burglaries spiked in the early part of the year.
Cognitive Science/ Computer Science Minor Job Prospects?
Any good events tonight for New Years' for somebody that doesn't know anybody at all?
Today is Jeff Tedford's last day on our payroll
How long do grade changes take?
Jared Goff announces he will enter the 2016 NFL draft
Jared Goff enters NFL Draft
Project Fi Reception
The Campanile backlit by the moon with a side of jupiter
UCB Philosophy?
After rent hikes priced her out of a living arrangement in Oakland, advocate for body positivity Rachel Dwight, 29, has been temporarily subletting with a friend in Berkeley when last week her mobility scooter, TravelScoot, was stolen outside a dog park. Dwight has cerebral palsy and fibromyalgia.
Homeless since 2011, frail, underweight and suffering from respiratory issues, Mike Zint has found a place and purpose leading a protest movement that has raised the visibility of Berkeley's disenfranchised. The headquarters of the movement is a shack on the steps of the downtown post office.
Jared Goff will announce he will enter the NFL draft, a source told ESPN.com. Goff will discuss his future plans at a 10 a.m. PT news conference on Thursday. Goff, a 6-foot-4, 215-pound junior passed for 4,719 yards with 43 touchdowns and 13 interceptions and a completion percentage of 64.5 in 2015.
CS70 Lecture
When does school start?
Is there any way to get something from the residence halls?
Cognitive Science job prospects
Grades Final?
Any tips for a new graduate?
Problem with MyFinAid
UGBA 10 GSI
Tips to succeeding in Math 54?
Missing the Berkeley sunset
UC Berkeley junior Alejandra Martinez died Dec. 21 in a car accident. She was 20 years old. She participated in Summer Bridge. The city of South Gate police department is conducting an ongoing investigation into the details of Martinez's death.
What do I do if I still don't have my telebears number?
UCB Philosophy?
question about waitlist
Wait list question
Panthers head coach &amp; Cal football alum Ron Rivera (14-1!) has the greatest Cal Christmas sweater. Anyone know where to get one?
Self-Defeating Housing Activists
Cal beats Air Force in the Armed Forces Bowl 55-36
Chinese 1A not offered this semester?
MIT seems to be a step higher in their dank memes than we
Record-setting fifth generation of Robinson family to graduate from Cal. Emily Herrick Robinson will receive her bachelor's degree cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa, from UC Berkeley on Sunday. On her grandmother's side, she can trace four generations of alums. On her grandfather's side, five generations.
On Tuesday evening, Dec. 15, 2015, the Berkeley City Council voted to keep sending officers to the annual Urban Shield war games and weapons expo, even after one vocal citizen held up the expo's best selling T-shirts and read their inscriptions: "Black Rifles Matter".
The U.S. Mint will make 100,000 gold coins and 350,000 silver coins bearing Mark Twain's image. Each year, the mint strikes two commemorative coins to benefit nonprofit organizations. UC Berkeley will receive a quarter of the coins because it has a program to study and promote the legacy of Twain.
A Berkeley man was killed in a fire Sunday morning and he might have died because he hoarded so much stuff that firefighters could not enter his home. The fire department was notified of a blaze in a home in the 2800 block of Acton Avenue between Oregon and Russell streets at 4:47 a.m. on Dec. 27.
NYE in Berkeley
tips for getting an A in cs70?
Playing in their first bowl game in four years, the Bears (7-5) Tuesday will be facing Air Force (8-5) in the Lockheed Martin Armed Forces Bowl in Fort Worth, Texas at 1 p.m. CT/ 11 a.m. PT. When the Cal football team suits up Tuesday, it will be the last time many put on a Bears uniform.
Can PhD students do research at LBL? (recent ChemE admit)
Places on campus to work outside?
Practicing Spanish-speaking
People on Piazza are ... Interesting
Did anyone else watch CNN's Airing of the Hunting Ground tonight? UC Berkeley was disproportionally shown.
UGBA 10 GSI
UGBA 10 Info
TIL the original version of /u/nickpeaches' favorite text editor was authored by Bill Joy, a grad student at UC Berkeley.
"Readers" for courses at Berkeley: does CalCentral.berkeley.edu say "You are officially an instructor at UC Berkeley"?
Found tools near Ashby Bart, Dec 23rd
MCB 110 L grade disappeared
Too late for hardware?
Looking into CS
Me Declaring CS
Obituary: Former UC Berkeley student and enrolled student at Laney College Jeffrey Thomas Engler, remembered for his positivity and compassion for others, died Saturday at the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity house in Berkeley. He was 22 years old.
Is being a GSI worth it? Does it look good on resume?
when will cal central include fall 2015 in the total number of completed units/update my class standing?
Hey guys hoping to declare cs next semester
Engineering/CS students who consistently get B+s and higher in a a class you have no prior experience in, how do you study?
1940: 35 students from overseas living at International House visited local "host families" to experience "Christmas the American way." They came from South and Central America, the Middle East, Japan, Java and Syria. Dec. 27: Berkeley's quota in the second national draft call-up would be 89 men.
16A Course
preparing for cs 61c
Failed final major requirement
Engineering/CS students who consistently get B+s and higher in a a class you have no prior experience in, how do you study?
Cs61b/ee16a
That CS70 curve
How to stop fapping
IB 117 reader
IB 117 reader
How can I check that I officially graduated?
Berkeley’s homeless population will now have more places to take shelter from the inclement weather after city officials directed extra funds ($500,000) to expand shelter and outreach services. Until recently, homeless people didn't always have a place to go to during the day when it was rainy.
High school activists in Oakland, Berkeley, and beyond have used Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube to coordinate marches and protest events and to pressure school officials and politicians to respond to their widely circulated messages.
Berkeley Patients Group and CBCB of Berkeley — two leading medical cannabis dispensaries — engaged in vastly more philanthropy than the average retail clothing store, liquor store, pharmacy or bank. The dispensaries are banned in many places in California, and labelled a detriment to communities.
Paul Grabowicz, an old-school newspaper reporter, died Thursday. He was 66. The cause was cancer. Grabowicz was a reporter and editor at The Oakland Tribune and was a senior lecturer and administrator for two decades at Cal's Graduate School of Journalism, where he founded the New Media Program.
Berkeley student gives Santa side eye for wearing Stanford Colors
know anything about the essex tubs?
Will a 65% raw score pass Chem 1A
CS61B/EE16A
Anyone have experience with taking Math 53, Stat 133, Stat 134, and CS61A all in one semester?
Failed a Major Requirement as a Graduating Senior
Engineering/CS students who consistently get B+s and higher in a a class you have no prior experience in, how do you study?
GPA on CalCentral.
CS 61a grade adjustment this year
Advice: 3 Techs in 1 Semester
Berkeleyside launched the Uncharted:Berkeley podcast series. A talk includes Ninth Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski in conversation with First Amendment expert William Turner, a Berkeley media studies lecturer. A future podcast will include the "Three Michaels of Berkeley" (Cabon, Lewis and Pollan).
Zach Franklin: "You and I created the housing crisis." Berkeley rents are up over 30% year over year, and the median home price is now over $1 million. A recent analysis said that to comfortably cover your housing costs in Berkeley requires an annual income of $119,014.
Rani Neutill received her Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies and Film from Berkeley in 2007 and taught as a post-doc at Harvard, Yale and Johns Hopkins. "Sixteen years in academia made me an a-hole. After a decade at the Ivies, I work at a bar. But I've learned more waiting tables than I did as a professor."
Cal women's basketball hangs on for win in double overtime against UCLA, 108-104. The No. 21 Bears (8-2) staved off the No. 19 Bruins (7-3).
When do CS Major application results usually come back?
Calcentral says "You are not officially registered for the Spring 2016 term."?
Anyone want Kettle Brand Chips?
Anyone want a ton of Kettle Brand Chips??
Accidentally bought 1 lupe fiasco ticket! Selling for face value. [Jan 20th @ The Mezzanine in SF]
Accidentally bought 1 lupe fiasco ticket! Selling for face value. [Jan 20th @ The Mezzanine in SF]
UC Berkeley Global Internship Experiences?
Did not pass a P/NP help please
How long can I leave a package out before I should worry about theft?
Hiking/Camping Clubs on Campus
Berkeley Pier - diggin the music
How often is BearFacts updated?
Does anyone know the difference between CS 170 and EE 144?
22-year-old Jeff Engler, who died after plummeting 30 feet from the roof of a fraternity house last week had been found alive, but the people who found him didn't know he'd fallen and didn't call for an ambulance, his sister said Tuesday. They thought he was just drunk during a Christmas party.
Washington Post blogger Jennifer Rubin on Donald Trump calling her "a real dummy": "I do have to say the low IQ bit never came up during my three years at Berkeley law school, where I finished first in my class. But I suppose it's possible — it might be a law school for dummies and losers."
Question about the Career Center's Letter Service
Paul Alivisatos, director of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a professor of chemistry, and Chenming Hu, a professor emeritus of EECS, have been selected to receive the nation’s top honors in science and technology, the White House announced today.
Berkeley photo from SF - 1934
Where to find hot/cute Berkeley girls?
Taking a semester off to work?
Anybody ever had mistaken grades put in?
Guy Fieri - Donkey Sauce Flow
Car alarm going off since 2am
When are grades due?
Hey CS folks at Berkeley, how is CS188's load compared to other CS courses'?
61BL
Malaysia on alert after Indonesia terror plot foiled
Sending LOR
Professor Robert Reich delivered the keynote address Sunday at the December commencement. Chancellor Nicholas Dirks: "We see political figures both in Europe and America, rejecting any obligation to refugees. We must not forget our principles of compassion, inclusion and a plural and open society."
Berkeley honors Doug Sciutto, a former captain and MVP of the lacrosse team, with number memorial. When he rushed into a burning fraternity house on Sept. 8, 1990, he tried to rescue his friends from the flames. He never made it out of the building, but his memory will live on.
Cal's 88-year-old Hearst Gym crumbling without partner to work out funding. Cracks and fissures climb up columns and across walls, often exposing rebar, and a barricade of barbed wire obscures much of its southern wall. Weeds grow around a decorative basin too damaged to hold water any longer.
A lot of people failing classes or withdrawing from Berkeley?
Do I have to do this Cyber Security Awareness Training thing?
Alcohol, fall from height likely contributed to Berkeley fraternity death
Berkeley releases report on astronomer sexual-harassment case
When do dorm room numbers come out for the spring semester?
[Event] Movie night! Microcosmos and bug talk 12/20 6:30p at PLACE for Sustainable Living
"That's right America, Berkeley deer use crosswalks." While driving along Grizzly Peak Boulevard on his scooter after dark on Dec. 17, Daniel McPartlan witnessed not one, but three deer use a crosswalk to get from one side of the road to the other. He captured the scene on his dash cam.
has anyone here had to retake multiple classes here?
Technical Internships/Jobs for non-EECS
How to improve my appearance?
When you do all the work on a CS group project
Questions about courses with multiple course codes/names
Classes with multiple course codes?
What do you all usually do over winter break?
A person was caught underneath a train in the Downtown Berkeley BART station and subsequently rescued by firefighters Sunday morning, closing the station for about two hours and disrupting train service. She was transported to a local hospital about 8:50 a.m.
IEOR Minor
BART train runs over woman at Berkeley station
Unofficial DONE WITH FINALS/END OF SEMESTER Thread
61A pass/no pass
Studying a year abroad at the University of California
On Friday, December 18, 2015 at approximately 8:30 p.m. BPD responded to a report of an armed robbery on the sidewalk adjacent to the north side of Unit 2 residential complex. The victim was approached by two middle-school aged male suspects, one armed with a handgun. They took his cell phone.
Tip-free restaurants
Anyone in the area want to get down on some League of Legends consistently?
University of California buildings, Berkeley, California, 1907.
Taking E26 before E25?
I'm so tired.
Anything cool/cheap happening in Berkeley today?
Academic misconduct caught twice
Caught cheating 2 times at Berkeley
Useful Websites for Class Reviews/AVg Grades
Can I undo P/NP if i get an A?
How much harder is it to get good grades at Berkeley compared to the other UC Schools?
Condemning Donald Trump is not enough: The genealogy of demagoguery and Islamophobia (berkeley blog)
Man, 23, found dead at Berkeley fraternity
What Trump gets right « The Berkeley Blog
University of California drops private prison investments
Has anyone successfully petitioned/appealed to be a CS major despite having below a 3.0?
Has anyone successfully petitioned/appealed to be a CS major despite having below a 3.0?
Has anyone successfully petitioned/appealed to be a CS major despite having below a 3.0?
Likelihood of Successfully Cancelling UC housing contracts?
Recent sith sighting on campus...
So it turns out that we are actually expected to uninstall Adobe CS6 / Creative Cloud upon graduation.
In its year-end issue, the journal Science chose the CRISPR genome-editing technology invented at UC Berkeley 2015's Breakthrough of the Year. CRISPR, or CRISPR-Cas9, has invaded every area of genetics, leading to genetically modified pigs, beagles and wheat.
A trove of newly released documents reveals how Geoff Marcy explained away sexual harassment allegations as misunderstandings, mistakes or outright lies. On an accusation that he "grinded" a student at a D.C. conference: "I was standing in the corner like a high school kid at a dance by myself."
DotDashPay won the UC Berkeley Startup Challenge, receiving $250,000 from Pejman Mar Ventures. It was founded by Berkeley computer science Ph.D. candidates Sean Arietta and Colorado Reed and technologist Joey Mucha. The startup makes it easy for machine makers to facilitate financial transactions.
Sushi Burrito restaurant opens Friday on Shattuck Avenue at 2235 Milvia St., across from Berkeley High School. Inspired by Chipotle, owners Hirokazu Nishikawa and his wife Takako Nishikawa hope to bring together the efficiency of the Mexican fast-food chain and the distinct taste of Japanese sushi.
For the first time since 1981, UC Berkeley undergraduate students will be able to take advantage of the resources at the campus Graduate School of Journalism through a summer journalism minor program. The minor will be offered during the summer semesters through two back-to-back six-week sessions.
61A with Hilfinger
61A with Hilfinger
Do you need to take physics 7B before taking EE 105?
Has anyone successfully petitioned/appealed to be a CS major despite having below a 3.0?
Final Grades / GPA
Tony Choi: Remarks about me "tore my confidence to the point I only felt disgust when looking at my [skinny] naked body". "I stood at 5 feet 9 inches and 98 pounds as an 18-year-old male. I signed up for a membership at a local gym and worked with a personal trainer to gain weight and build muscle."
The 1,400 person capacity UC Theatre Taube Family Music Hall in downtown Berkeley at 2036 University Avenue is currently undergoing a $5.6 million renovation and was originally slated to open in 2015 but now has a firm opening day sometime in mid-February.
Record-setting fifth generation of Robinson family to graduate from Cal. Emily Herrick Robinson will receive her bachelor's degree cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa, from UC Berkeley on Sunday. On her grandmother's side, she can trace four generations of alums. On her grandfather's side, five generations.
Nearly 14 hours after the Berkeley Police Association set up a campaign to raise money for a donation shortfall faced by the Toys for Tots program, about 150 people had donated $8,400. Stephanie Sala, founder of Five Little Monkeys on Solano Avenue in Albany, offered to donate $1,000 worth of toys.
I've failed more than one class while at Berkeley. I've cried while studying for tests. I've had a professor report me to the Dean because she was concerned for my health. Despite all this, I never cheated or even thought about cheating on a final. If you know someone who has, PLEASE report them.
Anyone take pre-calculus in senior year of high school?
The inmates at San Quentin State Prison just released their review of season 2 of Empire. Listen to inmates from San Quentin News and students from UC Berkeley review the second season of the show.
Continue on Academic Probation?
Skipping out of CS61A/61B?
Someone pulled the Fire Alarm during the CS61A final.
As CS61A final starts, the fire alarm was pulled
The Toys for Tots toy drive didn't work out this year, so they're asking for community help - And I know Reddit is awesome at that. :)
Update: Final day of /r/CFB Drive for Toys for Tots - Berkeley is in 2nd place for alternative flair, mod will dress as Santa if funding reaches goal
Can GPA's be rounded up when applying for a major?
Someone put a Santa hat on the T-Rex in VLSB
I withdrew but I don't want to sit the semester out is there any way I can come back next semester?
Skipping out of CS61A/B possible?
안산오피【무대공포】(•_•)Opyo01〈쩜〉Com(•_•)강동건마こ용인오피
What happens if you skip the final for a P/NP class?
Cheating on Exams
Does 61A give points back at the end of the semester?
Does 61A give points back at the end of the semester?
Elon Musk, Peter Thiel and other technology entrepreneurs started OpenAI, a nonprofit company introduced Friday that will research novel artificial intelligence systems. The group's backers have committed at least a billion to the project. EECS professor Pieter Abbeel is an adviser to the company.
Robert Reich on Trump and the anxious American middle class: The odds of falling into poverty are frighteningly high, especially for the majority of the population who lack college degrees. Two-thirds of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. Middle-aged white people have been dying earlier.
The National Academy of Inventors has elected three UC Berkeley faculty members to its ranks. The new members are Jasper Rine, a professor of molecular and cell biology, Chenming Hu, a professor in the graduate school of EECS, and Paul Wright, the A. Martin Berlin Chair in Mechanical Engineering.
The Berkeley Police Department is looking for a man caught on video taking a package from a home at the 1600 block of Berkeley Way, between California Street and McGee Avenue early Tuesday morning.
Does anyone know how to "renew" Berkeley email?
Senpai Noticed Us &lt;3
Senpai Noticed Us &lt;3
Clearing Probation
Clearing probation
Any cool shops around (Berkeley, even Oakland and SF) for gifts for family/friends?
Email professors about waitlists?
A dear friend once made a video that helped me through my finals. Here it is! Good luck everyone!
News and information about student rights • /r/studentrights
Berkeley anthropologist Alexei Yurchak received the 2015 Prosvetitel (Enlightener) Prize, Russia's most prestigious award for the best nonfiction book of the year in the humanities. The award was for a Russian version of his Everything Was Forever, Until It Was No More: The Last Soviet Generation.
In a city of 120,000, Berkeleyside gets an average of 200,000 unique visits monthly. With a revenue of $350,000 last year, the founders still take virtually no salary. A subreddit of Berkeleyside "haters", /r/berkeleysnide, "asserts that it's OK to be snide about Berkeley".
Regarding the comment section, Berkeleyside wants to "increase the civility and relevance of the vital community voices on our site". Starting Jan. 1, 2016, comments from "guest" users will no longer be allowed on Berkeleyside.
AC Transit's Holiday Bus is providing free rides along different routes now until January 3 to passengers who board the bus. AC Transit is collecting non-perishable food for the Alameda County Food Bank at the District's general offices through January 7.
University of California launches $250M fund for student startups on campus
University of California launches $250M fund for student startups on campus
Cal 2016 Football Schedule Announced
2015 Cal Football Schedule Announced.
Chemistry 4b lab waitlist
Chances of getting off Chem 4B waitlist?
CS61b curve?
Chem 1a final
is cs61b generally curved?
wtf, moffitt?
Where to buy mint chocolate chips (for baking) around here?
No Motivation
Concerns about declaring CS
CS Upper Div Advice
Haas Undergrad Admissions
Berkeley writer Bonnie Tsui: I'm Chinese-American and my husband is white; we have two children. My 5-year-old knows my parents were born in China, and that I speak Cantonese sometimes. But when I asked him the other day if he was Chinese, he said no. "You're Chinese, but I'm not," he told me.
38-year-old Ryan Lee McCorvie has been charged by the Alameda County DA's office with groping eight young girls in a UC Berkeley pool over the summer. He was a graduate student in the statistics department, where he was researching probability and was placed on administrative leave after his arrest.
Berkeley's zoning board approved two largely car-free buildings Thursday set to add 92 new residential units to the city's housing stock. Both of the projects — 70 units on Telegraph Avenue and 22 units on Shattuck Avenue — were proposed by Patrick Kennedy's Berkeley-based Panoramic Interests.
Daily Cal columnist Ismael Farooqui: "President Obama said "Muslims must confront, without excuse,' extremist ideology". And as a patriotic Muslim American, I totally agree with the president. I'm just waiting for more instructions on what the hell you want me to do — besides your job, apparently."
Berkeley's zoning board approved two largely car-free buildings Thursday set to add 92 new residential units to the city's housing stock. Both of the projects — 70 units on Telegraph Avenue and 22 units on Shattuck Avenue — were proposed by Patrick Kennedy's Berkeley-based Panoramic Interests.
CS70 Blank Marriage
38-year-old Ryan Lee McCorvie has been charged by the Alameda County DA's office with groping eight young girls in a UC Berkeley pool over the summer. He was a graduate student in the statistics department, where he was researching probability and was placed on administrative leave after his arrest.
CCC student transferring to EECS
Haas Undergrad Admissions
Chem 115
Chem 115
Beardy Boys Berlin
I haven't received a letter of rec email. have people gotten in without receiving those emails? or am I just screwed?
which UC buildings have the best architecture?
Dance and be Free - happy finals :)
Haas Undergrad. Admissions
Haas (Undergrad) Admissions
Best place to donate used clothing?
lazy person in physics 7b
Sather Gate at Night
Police are investigating an attempted kidnapping of a teenage girl that took place Saturday at 11:10 p.m. near the Berkeley border in Albany. A man tried to force her into his parked white pickup truck. Neighbors "were alerted to the situation by the noise of the struggle" when the girl resisted.
Shallon Allen, an associate management analyst at the city manager's office: Many transient youth are uninterested because of various reasons — the shelters don't allow dogs, they may have bedbugs or they cannot make the shelter's curfew. Shelter bed overcrowding is a problem during winter months.
The ASUC Judicial Council nominated Ferdous Joya as public defender. Joya will be the first student to fill the new role if confirmed by two-thirds of the ASUC Senate. The public defender is a nonpartisan expert in ASUC bylaws who will represent students or organizations before the Judicial Council.
No. 22 Cal women's basketball (7-2) triumphs 87-80 in overtime Saturday over Nebraska (7-2) despite falling behind early.
Should I go to my Final?
Why is UCLA's endowment growing so much faster than ours?
Am I able to get a wired connection on campus?
Has anyone lived in CZ?
New relevant sub for ride shares.
Good luck with finals everyone 🍀
EARTHQUAKE!!!!!! I WANT AN EARTHQUAKE!!!!!!
Former Cal basketball player Jason Kidd coaches the Milwaukee Bucks to their win against Golden State to end their 24-0 streak
Cal basketball ends St. Mary's undefeated season
Fuck the Tang Center.
Hands on courses?
Professor Olney's Announcement at the last Econ 1 lecture of the Fall semester.
Transcript Change?
It's that time of the year again
Bears! Spots is recruiting on your Campus!
"You Can’t Sit With Us" group on campus
Check out 01TEK.Chat an online learning platform with video conference and unlimitted channels!
On Friday, December 11, 2015 at approximately 1:40 a.m. UCPD responded to a report of an armed robbery on the 2200 block of Piedmont Avenue. The victim, an unaffiliated 21 year old male, reported being robbed at knife point.
Airbears 2...
The average grade assigned by every department at Cal
Question about the A-G requirements
[Event] Movie night! Microcosmos and bug talk 12/20 6:30p at PLACE for Sustainable Living
Question regarding letter of recommendation
Blow off some steam before finals
EMERGENCY: Massive Thunderstorm Storm Hits Berkeley — Live Chat
Rain and Thunder
thunder?!
On CS61A grades and majoring in CS.
Too many Asian international students?
Letters of Recommendation
The displaced tenants of the 2449 Dwight Way fire Nov. 22 describe two weeks dominated by confusion and uncertainty. After fleeing the building, known as the Chandler, the residents scattered, finding refuge in friends' homes and at the Durant Hotel. The Red Cross provided some financial assistance.
An Indian American couple, Dr. Ajay and Mira Shingal, has pledged $4.6 million to establish a Hindu Studies program at the new Center for Dharma Studies in Berkeley, Calif., which was launched Dec. 5. It will be housed in the Graduate Theological Union near the UC Berkeley campus.
UC Berkeley has poached Stanford University professor Prudence Carter to be the dean of the Graduate School of Education. She is a member of the National Academy of Education, a newly elected member of the Sociological Research Association and a Fellow of the American Research Association.
PSA Laptops at Cafes! Student on Free and For Sale got laptop snatched while typing @ busy Starbucks around Noon.
Letters of Recommendation?
How to enroll in a full class with no waitlist?
Is it too late to change majors?
Sick during finals week?
Can we talk about the excessive squeakiness of VLSB?
Highest paid city employee in Berkeley: $333,702
Highest paid employee in Berkeley: $333,702
Physics 7B Webcast
Housing outside the Co-ops / Dorms
Where do I get a bomb California Burrito?
physics questions!(137A)
Help a nursing student help underprivileged kids in Berkeley this holiday season!
Berkeley police fatally shot a pit bull in West Oakland on Tuesday night after the dog attacked an officer during a search warrant operation. Police arrested Travis Fugit, 32, of Oakland at the scene on suspicion of felony identity theft. "Travis F" provides more information in the comments section.
At 9 p.m. on Tuesday, a group of 30-40 UC Berkeley students participated in the infamous Naked Run, which takes place every semester during RRR Week.
Homeless advocates say that without more safe and clean public restrooms, Berkeley's ban on urinating and defecating in public won't work. People's Park had a bathroom, which became a place where people did drugs. City Hall's public toilets are closed in day because people engaged in sexual acts.
Berkeley police officers recovered the cash after arresting Barrett Brown, 35, a homeless man they said was responsible for robbing Berkeley Union Bank located at 2333 Shattuck Ave. late Tuesday morning.
Berkeley approves construction of a new high-rise
CS170 after Math 55?
Thursday @ 9pm = Another Naked Run
Current CS Majors: Did any of you get in slightly below the GPA requirement? (Mine is still 3.0)
California, coach Sonny Dykes agree on contract extension
Current CS Majors: Did any of you get in slightly below the GPA req due to a strong personal statement?
has anyone gone to a study event at a church before?
Cal guy gets around Apple's opposition to using the iphone 6S as a scale.
Needing Advice.
Needing Advice.
This post was removed very quickly from Free and For Sale.
What resources are available besides the writing center that I can use to improve my writing skills?
Catherine Straus: I was a product of a stereotypical Asian parenting style. The Myers Briggs results were a proxy for deeper questions about my relationship with my boyfriend. "I was so stupid," I later acknowledged in the midst of my first therapy session, weeks following the breakup.
Various university startups were awarded a total of $300,000 in prize money Wednesday as part a systemwide competition for early-stage companies involved in development of innovative life science technologies. UC Berkeley alumnus and CEO Oren Levy: Prime UC was beneficial to his startup Sonomotion.
An Oakland woman is set to appear in court this week to face charges in a teen sex trafficking investigation that began at Berkeley High School. BHS Resource Officer Ethell Wilson began looking into the case in January after a 15-year-old girl was reported missing after running away.
Berkeley High School is preparing for a special day of "communal self-affirmation" on campus Wednesday, after a racist incident Nov. 4. Subject-specific lessons were developed to address issues of race and racism through the lens of math, English, history, science, electives, and world languages.
Where can I find some real Peking roast duck?
Video relevant to life
Naked Run 2015 just went down in the stacks at approximately 9pm tonight
Audiobooks at UC Library?
Help a nursing student help the underprivileged this holiday season!
CS170 after Math 55?
Taking CS170 after Math 55, and not CS70?
/r/CFB is having a competition between schools for donations to Toys for Tots
EECS/CS majors, how do you study for a CS final other than just diving into past exams?
Easy classes with hot girls?
EE 16A: The Matrix
Berkeley's Off Planet VR, VR @ Berkeley featured in SF Chronicle
How necessary is Math 53 to succeed in Stat 134?
All Day: Kristen Lee leads her team on and off the field
How necessary is Math 53 to succeeding in Stat 134?
Best salad bar in downtown Berkeley?
best places on campus to study with people?
Construction will begin this month on an 8-story complex to house Berkeley's Graduate School of Education, School of Public Health and the Department of Psychology. The 320,000-square-foot building at Berkeley Way and Shattuck Avenue will replace Tolman Hall, which is seismically unsafe.
The Naked Run occurs each semester during the week leading up to final exams, during which students run laps through the stacks naked. Many spectators are ultimately put off by the smell that lingers after the runners leave. It's not uncommon for the runners in the back to carry air fresheners.
North Berkeley Properties tries putting liquid repellent coating on its wall to stop public urination. A sign on the wall: "Hold it! Public restrooms are located at the Center Street Garage. I'll pee right back at you if you try. -Mr. Wall"
Martin O'Malley, a former Maryland governor and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, will speak at the Berkeley Forum at Sibley Auditorium at 4pm on Wednesday, December 9, 2015. The event is open to the public.
UNIVERSITY EVALUATIONS: Now that the semester's over, what would you change/improve about Cal?
updoot for good gpa
Is the career fair hosted by "National Career Fairs" worth going to?
I haven't received those letter of rec emails. Am i screwed?
Is there a time Berkeley Bowl isn't packed?
Haircut Places
Hey! HS Sophomore considering Berkeley and wondering about its Disability Accommodations from DSP?
Any advice for 54?
Where can I buy holiday cards in Berkeley?
Any advice for Math 54?
Where can I buy holiday cards in Berkeley?
When is the naked run this semester?
Short Film Festival tonight at the California Theater
When is the naked run this semester?
Will pay someone $20 to record a review session today, noon, in Dwinelle.
Hannah Raslan on Oakland's gentrification: "Oakland is being transformed at the expense of working-class underrepresented minorities ... In just 21 years, Oakland’s African American population declined from 43 percent in 1990 to 26 percent in 2011."
How to get involved with Berkeley startups and/or other people interested in starting one?
Overnight parking in Berkeley?
Summer 2016 Schedule is Out
Armed Forces Bowl for the Bears, 2nd Time Since 2007
113 textbook (Scanlon)?
Berkeley rec letter
Is it too to withdraw for this semester?
Is it too late to withdraw for this semester?
Berkley rec letter
Berkeley Fourth Street Apple store reports theft by 7 males Friday shortly before 3 p.m. A reader told Berkeleyside he "saw a group of kids cut the security cords at the front table of products and make off" with what he estimated to be six iPhones and iPads.
I have $7 and want to have fun tonight. What's good?
I know you're sick and tired of posts like these, but please, hear me out.
Watch this great video shining a light on the Cal Dance Team!
On Monday, November 30, 2015 UCPD received a report of a sexual assault which had occurred earlier that day. The victim, a female student, met the suspect on the internet. They met at an off campus location in the City of Berkeley and soon after the victim was sexually assaulted by the suspect.
On November 23, 2015 at 12:06 a.m. an unknown individual knocked on a door in the Albany Village. UCPD searched the area but could not locate the suspicious person. Later that same morning at 4:56 a.m. UCPD received a call from another resident who told them there was a naked man in his bathroom.
Berkeley brewery, Fieldwork, debuts two fresh beers on tap this weekend
Anyone know when the encampment/occupation at the old city hall was cleared out?
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks: "This season, while there is much to be thankful for, I'd like you to join me in expressing gratitude for the work of some of the unsung heroes of our campus: UC Berkeley's staff. They may often be behind the scenes, but they are crucial to running the show."
Cal to Cal Hail Mary: Aaron Rodgers to Richard Rodgers to beat Detroit
Can I transfer to UC Berkeley for L&amp;S CS as a sophomore?
New Berkeley App for Events and Nearby Statuses is looking for Student Testers
At the last ASUC senate meeting of the semester Wednesday night, senators passed a bill allocating $5,000 to provide students with iClicker rentals. Students will be required to put down a $40 deposit and pay a $5 rental fee, but will receive the deposit back if they return the iClickers.
Activists with the UC Berkeley student group Berkeley Organization for Animal Advocacy staged a protest on the Cal campus Thursday to protest the consumption of meat. Students simulated being packages of "human meat".
At a sit-in at California Hall on Thursday, 22 students were arrested while rallying for the UC system to in-source contract workers. Consuelo Barrera, a Berkeley contractor and custodian who wants direct employment, said low wages force him to work two jobs and spend little time with his children.
Anyone here heard of Make School? Current prospective CS student wondering whether or not I should drop out and enroll there instead. Advice please.
Berkeley police make arrest after homeless camp stabbing
How Do Employers View a NP?
Are any of you planning on driving to Colorado and back over the break?
Where can I find Coward's past math 1a midterms-finals?
Alastair Boone: "I lack the technical knowledge to understand how [these technical concepts] can be applied, because I have chosen, very intentionally, not to be an engineer. But it makes me uncomfortable that in one year's time, I will feel confined to the future I have started to build."
Students with disabilities battle inaccessibility and isolation. Olivia Davis sits at the specifically marked DSP table: "no one will sit next to me" in a full auditorium. Students complain of professors who treat academic accommodations for students registered through the DSP as a "special favor."
Homeless man arrested after daytime robbery, attempted rape of UC Berkeley student
Any good coding/tutoring services for middle/high school kids?
Need Christmas gifts - where can I find step-parent Cal apparel?
Borderline In CS class
finding Berkeley tough - need help/advice
Exploratorium on Sunday
Laverne Cox, a transgender activist and actress from "Orange Is the New Black", spoke at Berkeley Wednesday night about her experience as a transgender black woman. The talk is part of UC Berkeley's new Campus Climate Speaker Series which emerged from a UC-wide study on the campus environment.
Berkeley City Council voted Tuesday to prohibit urination and defecation in public following a preliminary vote in November. Dozens of members of the public spoke mostly against the new laws. In protest, three council members did not respond when the clerk called their names to register their votes.
Schuyler Whiting on recently passed Berkeley homeless ordinances: "Allowing Smelly Bob to shower in at publicly funded cleaning station doesn't change the fact that he's homeless. These amendments are short-term solutions to a long-term, complex issue."
Anyone concerned about Smoking in Berkeley?
Public policy professor Robert Reich filled the 400 person International House's Chevron auditorium to fire-code capacity Tuesday night for a lecture on inequality and the current economic system, the subject of his latest book, "Saving Capitalism."
Why does hardly anyone in Berkeley hang Christmas lights?
Math 54 at CC?
Do you need the pre-req of stats 134 for stats 153?
Compact Correspondence for Cramming Collegiates - postcard that was popular with Cal students in the '20s
Any good CS classes for Non-CS majors?
Nap map
Chem 1AL
As a community, we really need to talk about the Downtown area.
Berkeley wet blankets may take the ‘hearty’ out of party
support us by clicking "going" so we get free tickets (anahat 2015)
Could I get some help and evaluation?
Can someone with experience help evaluate my progress so far?
BAMN rape survivor Stephanie Nicole Garcia: "The Senior Editorial Board, by condemning the militancy of our movement against rape, betrayed the struggle for women's liberation and the fight for equality. Daily Cal should not be a reactionary mouthpiece for the conservative campus administration."
Carol P. Sachs of Berkeley, lost her legs after trying to board a moving train in Innsbruck, Australia. The Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday that Sachs cannot sue in an American court. It was the Supreme Court's first decision of the term in an argued case, and it was unanimous.
ASUC Senator André Luu: We have a right to safety. Surge in crime after sun sets, so install off-campus streetlights for walkways. "UCPD should redistribute their attention away from monitoring student parties and peaceful demonstrations, and instead toward providing services for night safety."
In 2014, UC Berkeley experienced more than 1,000 property crimes, such as burglary and theft — the most of any of 49 California public schools reporting to the FBI. It also had the second-highest violent-crime-per-student rate of any undergraduate UC campus, behind only UCLA.
How to make an announcement on bcourses
LIVE CHAT: Sonny Dykes resigns from Cal Football today [RUMOR]
Dieter Kurtenbach on Twitter: "I’m told that Sonny Dykes has “mentally moved on” from Cal. This ending had been brewing all year, and he’s poised to take another job."
Today we're releasing a new version of the Berkeley Chat Room—now as a Chrome Extension
Today we're releasing version 2 of the Berkeley chatroom—now as a Chrome extension ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
Today we're releasing version 2.0 of the Berkeley chatroom—now as a Chrome extension. ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
Missouri interviewing Sonny Dykes, who is reportedly unhappy with Cal
How to spam class in Bcourses
What is the EECS @ Berkeley life really like?
Pol Sci 179 Study Guide
transcript in limbo
Is there a way to sign into the carrot chat without using a Chrome extension?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: "I had a professor tell me that this column was 'not a great place to start in journalism.' Many comments on my articles warned I'll regret talking about this later or opined it is immoral and impolite for me to discuss such personal topics in a public space."
Microsoft Surface Pro and AirBears?
Streets of Berkeley in 1969
Best way to recover from the sick
University of California officials have announced their decision to join Breakthrough Energy Coalition, a coalition of investors led by Bill Gates to provide money to put a stop to climate change. The university is the only institutional investor among 28 coalition members in 10 countries.
Although there is no bandwidth limit for students, what is "excessive" use to qualify as "causing network degradation" ?
Berkeley City College student Khyra Dillard has been reported missing since Saturday. She was last seen in Long Beach. Her cellphone is currently in the possession of her family. Her sister, Isis Dillard, a UC Berkeley alumna, posted on Facebook that this has been a "difficult time" for her family.
CS class for bio major?
H/SS upper div recommendation
Girl trouble
Weekly Poll: Stress
Warm Places
Where can I find a Linux computer with high RAM capacity on campus?
Free VR demos in Downtown Berkeley this Thursday
Can anyone explain what the homeless protest is about?
How prevalent are "social justice warriors" at UCB?
[#1] Have a simple question that needs answering? Can't make a thread because you don't have enough karma? Ask here!
Who thinks the flags on campus will be flown at half-staff to commemorate the victims of the Colorado terrorist attack?
Looking to transfer from De Anza to Berkeley for EECS? Can I get some help
Hoping to transfer from De Anza to Berkeley for EECS? Can I get some help
Hoping to transfer from De Anza to Berkeley for EECS? Can I get some help
Looking for a job near campus/downtown Berkeley
Should I even apply as an out of state student in need of scholarships and financial aid?
Nightly helicopters
I am studying the determinants of happiness for college students and can use some help from you in taking a 30 second survey!
During a special meeting Tuesday, Berkeley City Council will consider whether to loan $1 million to the city's Housing Trust Fund to help create more affordable housing projects. The Berkeley Food and Housing Project could provide aid to 90 homeless individuals.
I am studying the determinants of happiness for college students and can use some help from you in taking a 30 second survey!
A study led by Berkeley post-doctoral researcher Michael Martin helped uncover the origin of the pathogen responsible for the Irish potato famine. For the study, researchers used DNA samples of the pathogen dating as far back as 1845 — plucked from museums and private collections around the world.
Need to do better on finals? Buy some ADHD pills
How has Berkeley developed your mental toughness?
Exception change of class form — has anyone ever filled one out?
Have any interesting stories about being broke in Berkeley?
Is there Academic Renewal at Berkeley?
Hopeful Transfer?
Can one take cs170 and cs70 concurrently?
Pol Sci 179 Study Guide (Google doc)
URGENT: Changing majors
Where did the dank memes go?
Whom does Berkeley require Recommendation Letters of?
Flaws of UC Berkeley?
Redditors who majored in Ethnic Studies or Women Studies, do you recommend it?
Can I read some of your essays that worked?
Internships for first-year EECS students?
On Saturday night in Berkeley, the Bears walked away with a 48-46 win over Arizona State, improving their record to 7-5. In one of its most exciting games of the season, it all came down to a last-minute drive for the Cal football team.
huge loud booms?- Saturday night at 10:37
ROLL ON YOU BEARS
UC Berkeley professor Annette Vissing-Jorgensen: U.S. central bankers not only regularly leak secret information about monetary policy, but the leaks are so predictably timed that a savvy investor without access to the leaked information could make money just by buying stocks in certain weeks.
Where can I sell my PAC-12 Championship tickets?
Uber or lyft from Oakland Airport?
UC App due in two days~~
EECS Internships for sub-3.0 GPAs?
EECS Internships for sub-3.0 GPAs?
Cal Football to open 2016 in Australia vs Hawai'i
Visitor looking to buy tickets for today's game!
The errors of Campus Shared Services: we’re not making widgets « The Berkeley Blog
Who else is taking POL SCI 179?
Best place to park for 3 weeks?
Victory Point Cafe—a new board game cafe in Berkeley, CA—is hosting a Sirlin Games event on 7th December 2015
Internships for sub-3.0 GPA EECS students?
There was another fire today, this time on Shattuck at Mandarin Garden
Can I DM someone my personal statement for UCB?
Has anyone not reported Ws or Fs in their UC Transfer Apps after retaking the class?
Watching the news from Colorado: Flashback to September 1990 - Berkeley Gunman kills student at Henry's. This stuff is scary and can happen anywhere.
Protests at Princeton (BlackSpaces, Building Naming, etc)
Hello
1-800-HOTLINEBLING
Can't enroll in a class?
Questions about the College of Natural Resources
Any Taylor Swift Fans here?
Research opportunities for high school students?
Research opportunities as a high school student?
Can someone give me feedback on my personal statement? It would be amazing!
Op-ed by apartment renter Michael Levitin: Berkeley's 72-hour parking limit is outdated, discriminatory and needs to go. After they visited Brazil for two weeks: $1,100 tow fee per vehicle, $150 to the police department to release both cars, and two $60 parking tickets — a total just shy of $2,500.
Caught Sleeping at Cal page is here, submit pics of your fellow peers sleeping around campus
Since its Thanksgiving, i would just like to say, "Thanks, Sahai"
TIL That XCF, the native format used by GIMP, is acutally an initialism of the eXperimental Computing Facility, a student organisation at cAl
[x-post /r/showerthoughts] It would be pretty dank if John DeNero started lecture with "Lecture Number 69 - Anantsments"
Can someone give me feedback on my personal statement? It would be amazing!
Calling for some reinforce[m]ents
Hi any architecture students here?
Can someone give me feedback on my personal statement? It would be amazing!
What is there to do if you're stuck in Berkeley for Thanksgiving?
opinions on new UC plan for 10,000 new undergrads?
Opinions on new UC plan to add 10,000 undergrads?
Komal Ahmad, CEO of Feeding Forward, founded the company in 2011 after she invited a homeless veteran to lunch. She started a program at UC Berkeley allowing their dining halls to donate excess food to homeless shelters. Feeding Forward matches businesses with surplus food with nearby shelters.
Where Are Students Supposed to Go? With skyrocketing rents throughout the Bay Area and a lack of university housing, Cal students are facing an unprecedented housing crunch. New rules proposed by the city could make their lives worse. Student Sheena Paul found herself homeless for over two weeks.
Berkeley ordered new homeless tent city to disband. The encampment at Old City Hall on Nov. 16 rose in reaction to new homeless laws banning urinating and defecating in public. Homeless activist Mike Zint: "We own this property. It's public property. We are giving ourselves permission to be here."
A Sunday fire in Berkeley's Southside neighborhood at 2449 Dwight Way in the Chandler apartment building may have caused $1 million in damage. Two cats died. 30 people were displaced as a result of the fire, either staying with supporters or receiving help from the Red Cross for temporary housing.
Hot Hot Hot
Is it worth taking CS61A after E7?
Anyone have the link to the L&amp;S 7 Breadth Search Engine?
Where to copy a set of dorm keys?
Chem 1A Midterm
Wanted: two student tickets to Saturday's football game against ASU
Experience Living in Foothill as a Transfer?
Car shot at on I-80 in Berkeley, occupant hit by flying glass
A broken elevator at The Acton Courtyard, a Berkeley apartment building owned by Equity Residential, has left numerous tenants with mobility issues "trapped in their apartments or stranded outside of them". 11 days after it broke on Nov. 13, the building management still has not fixed the elevator.
UC Berkeley has the #1 debate pair in the country in Srinidhi Muppalla and John Spurlock!
The UC Board of Regents will "phase out" the need-based aid currently provided to out-of-state undergraduates and use the savings to fund a targeted enrollment increase of 5,000 undergraduate Californians in 2016-17 and a total increase of 10,000 in the coming years.
Daily Cal Senior Editorial Board: "BAMN protests don't do students justice. The aggressive tactics that BAMN used in its recent anti-sexual assault protests exclude and alienate both supporters and survivors."
Na'ilah Suad Nasir, Cal's vice chancellor of equity and inclusion: "We have to show a new kind of courage and forward-thinking action", including "honoring and supporting" "African American studies, ethnic studies and gender and women's studies", which "have made our campuses more welcoming spaces".
The Bears might not have the six games needed for bowl eligibility, despite their 6-5 record. Cal has submitted a waiver to the NCAA, asking for the 73-14 victory against Grambling State, a Football Championship Subdivision school, to be counted amongst the six needed to be eligible for a bowl game.
The View from the Big C at Sunset
I'm an undergraduate and intend to work in Journalism in some sort. Major ideas?
Civil rights lawsuit filed against Berkeley Police Department for violence against protestors during December demonstrations
UC Berkeley App Question: Computer Science or Undeclared Math/Physical Science Major
[English Majors] Noob question
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: "I have discussed my sexuality — such as my queerness. My ability to understand and identify these parts of myself have come from learning comprehensive sex education since getting to college, as well as the privilege to be out to my family and friends."
/r/Berkeley Majors (pie chart of earlier poll)
New sub for all Asians: r/Asians
UC Berkeley WSU Page Removed from Facebook
The 77-year-old mayor of Berkeley, Tom Bates, had surgery Sunday after he fractured his hip while playing basketball game of Horse with his grandson. During his time as a student at UC Berkeley, from which he graduated in 1961, he was a starting right end on the 1959 Cal Rose Bowl team.
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks and Vice Chancellor of Equity and Inclusion Na'ilah Suad Nasir said the Berkeley White Student Union Facebook page did not "foster a serious and constructive dialogue" about race. Although it was deleted Monday, a new page, "White Student Union at UC Berkeley", was created.
Facebook yanks ‘White Student Union’ page at UC Berkeley
Well, that didn't last long. The Berkeley White Student Union has been disbanded.
Has anyone here worked at the LBNL for Computer Science related research?
Can 36 questions make people fall in love? We tested it out on UC Berkeley students
Being dropped from a class if not there on first day?
Change Grade Option? Professor
Change Grade Option to P/NP? Professor
Any MechE transfers?
Any dessert delivery places (cookies, donuts, etc) open late?
California Men's Basketball Team moves up to #14 on the AP Top 25
EECS MSc: Tuition?
On Monday, the Associated Press released its new top-25 rankings for the Cal men's and women's basketball squads, with the men moving up one spot to No. 14 and the women moving from No. 21 to tied for No. 16 with Pac-12 rival Arizona State after beginning the season outside the top 25.
40 members of the Berkeley homeless community and other groups like First They Came for the Homeless have pitched tents on the front lawn of Old City Hall as of Sunday afternoon in protest of amendments to city ordinances such as a ban on public urination and defecation.
Weekly Poll: What's your major?
Happy Big Game Week!
What are some good social clubs to join on campus, where people in the club actually hang out outside of meetings?
Will Telebears let me take 2 classes that have overlapping times?
Weekly poll idea
Why are there so many firetrucks passing by on Dwight?
What's happening on Dwight? There's a bunch of smoke.
Anyone know what's burning near Telegraph?
A protest against the White Student Union Facebook page—hosted in tandem with campus groups such as the Black Student Union and BAMN—is planned to be held Nov. 30 at noon on Sproul Plaza. The protest's organizer: "This is clearly an outrage and a direct attack against PoC groups."
UC Berkeley student says she was kidnapped from campus, sexually assaulted
Sarah Adler: "I press my boobs together in the mirror to make them look bigger; my roommate and I glorify photos of model Alexis Ren, whom we have renamed 'Brita waist' because her waist is smaller than our water filter; we internally lament things our bodies can't do, things we wish were better."
The Fake Kids of Berkeley Reality Show
Camille Jetta, a smoker, on UC Berkeley's tobacco-free policy: "What effect does suppressing smoking have on those who want to indulge the habit, despite how negatively it is looked upon?" "The favorite haunt of student smokers: the bus stop at Telegraph Avenue and Bancroft Way, off Sproul Plaza".
Is The White Student Union Legit?
Pliny the Elder
Racism VS. 'Sociological Racism'
A UC Berkeley White Student Union Facebook page was created Saturday. The White Student Union was founded to "unapologetically provide a safe space for white students to air their true feelings" about the "challenges European-American students on college campuses face."
Shoutout to Stanford's real team playing in black and white
2015 Big Game: "Final from the Farm: Stanford 35, Cal 22"
The Big Game: "Final from the Farm: Stanford 35, Cal 22"
A petition to increase the currently relaxed penalty for felony vehicular manslaughter
Which post office are packages at (foothill, carrier is USPS)?
A petition to increased the currently relaxed penalty for felony vehicular manslaughter
Rip
The Big Game: How to watch Cal vs. Stanford football on TV or online
What to do with a degree in political economy?
Go Bears from your friends over at r/ducks
The 118th Big Game at Stanford Stadium on Saturday, Nov. 21, will be televised live by ESPN and kick off at 7:30 pm PT. Stanford holds a 60-46-11 all-time advantage and a current winning streak of five in a row. Cal will close its regular season by hosting Arizona State on Saturday, Nov. 28.
The first Big Game was on March 20, 1892. When the referee asked for the ball to be placed for kick-off, both teams realized they forgot to bring a football. Kick-off was delayed for an hour because a volunteer had to ride horseback to the nearest sporting goods store, buy a ball and ride back.
Anyone wanna jam acoustically this weekend?
EECS Fee increases
Behind the Hype interview with Jordan Mathews
Behind the Hype Interview with Jordan Mathews
Berkeley sent me an email asking for letters of recommendation...
I love this old map of Berkeley
Marketing 101 Project: Please help me by answering my survey on sandwich chains. Deadline is looming :(
Best place to access the firetrails? And are there any good trails near the stadium?
When r/Berkeley took over r/Stanford for a day
Best place to get a manicure?
Kate Wolffe found a date on UC Berkeley's "Free &amp; For Sale" Facebook group for her sorority AXO's date party. A day after posting on the group, she had at least 13 offers and around 400 likes. "It was the middle finger in the face of date-party politics — of fear, desperate tactics and bad dates."
UCPD investigates abduction, sexual assault in Berkeley
On Friday, November 20, 2015, a sexual assault and kidnapping was reported to UCPD. The victim reported that at approximately 6:00pm on November 19, 2015, she was abducted from Central Campus and driven to an unknown location where she was sexually assaulted.
Stanford sucks fat goat dick
EECS reader vs tutor
I really hate asking this but I'm just so anxious: what are my chances of getting in?
Enhance your web experience with the new Stanfurd chrome extension!
/r/berkeley hits 10K subscribers
Nicholas Dirks: Exposure to arts central to undergraduate experience. The arts "let us tap into and explore what it means to be human. The arts express and examine the joys and the sorrows, the beauty and the tragedies that are part of the world in which we live and the role we humans play in it."
Jon Neuhaus: Dismissal of Edward Kleinhans from serving as PA announcer for Cal basketball is shameful. "Eddy has been an icon for Cal Athletics for nearly a quarter-century. He was an incredible mic-man, arguably Cal's best, while he was a student."
The Play: 33 years ago, the band was out on the field
Can someone explain r/stanford
Video of the BSU's walk-out yesterday in solidarity with the black students of Mizzou
Come join us in /r/stanford for a dank meme party
Berkeley professors Molly and Rob Van Houweling are one of UC Berkeley’s power couples — especially if you measure power in watts per kilogram. Married for 18 years, Molly and Rob have shared a passion for bicycle racing since their late teens.
Many owners of neighborhood liquor, grocery and convenience stores complain that unlike chain stores, they cannot afford to absorb the 1-cent-per-ounce Berkeley soda tax. Business owner Mohammed Assad: "It really has affected our business. The customers are not willing to pay. They get mad at you."
Oski on the run from Stanford Police Department after urinating on trees
Oski on the run from Stanford PD for urinating on trees
A disgusting display of the growing mentality that even an accusation of rape is enough to launch a smear campaign against a person
Stanford promotes Big Game Week by encouraging everyone to BE AT CAL, how nice!
What's do you love about Berkeley?
Stephanie Garcia has accused Omar Pedroza for allegedly sexually assaulting her. Leah Romm, ASUC student advocate, said that as of the start of the hearing, Pedroza had not been dismissed from campus, but BAMN organizers said Pedroza had already been dismissed and should not be readmitted.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
COMMENT HERE TO BECOME A MOD OF /R/STANFORD
Stanfurd Sucks according to r/Stanford
Interested in a resume builder? Complete mini internships! (With the potential added bonus of winning cash for your ideas!)
UC Berkeley Students raise an American flag with peace sign canton near Sproul Plaza
Interested in a resume builder? Complete mini internships! (With the potential added bonus of winning cash for your ideas!)
For 24 Hours Only: Today is the Cal Big Give!
The Counted: people killed by police in the United States in 2015 – interactive
Black Student Union's Gabriel Regalado: "This war we are fighting is against not just white supremacy on the streets, but white supremacy at this institution." Lauren Butler: "The lack of diversity on campus and absence of respect for black culture can make it hard for black students to succeed."
Berkeley professor Psychology professor Tania Lombrozo reacts to a remark Sen. Marco Rubio made in last Tuesday's Republican presidential debate. He had said, "Welders make more money than philosophers. We need more welders and less philosophers."
Anti Vietnam War Speeches at UC Berkeley (1970)
Anti Vietnam War Speeches at UC Berkeley (1970)
Does declaring help with a better Telebears appointment for the future?
We have 10000 subscribers now
News Coverage of BAMN's Protest Today
Cell phone thief who punched teen takes selfie, uploads to cloud
Bowl Game update
Berkelium = [Bk]. Anyone know the symbol for Stanfordium?
City councilman Laurie Capitelli to run for mayor of Berkeley in 2016. Capitelli moved to Berkeley to attend Cal in 1964 and graduated in 1967 with a degree in political science. Capitelli is up for re-election in 2016, so he will be giving up his city council seat to run for mayor.
Sarah Wemmer, a fifth year and a member of the Alpha Omicron Pi sorority, hoped to invite DJ Dillon Francis to her date party. Wemmer: "I tweeted furiously at him, shared it on Facebook and reached out to a lot of people, including his management, BuzzFeed, Ellen DeGeneres, ABC7 News and Oprah."
The Berkeley City Council voted 6-3 to ban urinating and defecating in public among other rules after a around 12:30 a.m. after listening to four hours of testimony by dozens of citizens. The city will make sure there are bathrooms downtown open 24 hours a day – an option not currently available.
TIL: Rep. Barbara Lee (D-13) was the only member of congress to vote "no" on the Authorization for Use of Military Force (2001).
"Are you able lawfully to work in the USA for any US employer now or in the future?"
The most Berkeley thing I've ever seen
Stanford's unofficial mascot is now Anthony Bourdain
Stanford's new unofficial mascot: Anthony Bourdain
The U.S. Attorney's Office charged former UC Berkeley employee DeSondra Ward on Monday with five counts of embezzlement, alleging that she stole more than $308,000 from UC Berkeley since 2010.
Graduate student Kim Russo was envious of the cable guy, who had a GED, was making twice her salary, and was working fewer hours. "As I relayed this, one colleague noted that I needed to check my privilege: 'Science is a privileged career, and only people who can afford to be in it are in it.'"
Non-EECS juniors and seniors: how is Fall recruiting season going for you?
Buzzfeed's Ashly Perez is coming to Berkeley this Friday! Pay homage to the home of procrastination and Queen of Buzzfeed.
The Best Berkeley Bucket List
Star Wars? Star Wars.
BAMN is literally a cult that brainwashes young vulnerable students of color. This is scary. Let's get them off our campus!
Berkeley Police Radio
Stanford performs Oski's Bearial with a Joker Dude
Anyone going to Oneohtrix Point Never concert next Friday?
Tuesday night, Berkeley City Council will discuss proposed homeless rules. The item that has generated the most controversy prohibits going to the bathroom in public; limits the use of public space for the storage of personal items; and outlaws lying down inside planter beds or on planter walls.
The UC Rally Committee has organized a week of Big Game events, from a cable car rally through SF to a sing off between the two campus's a cappella groups. The week ends with a fireworks show at Edwards Stadium, instead of the usual bonfire, which was deemed a fire hazard during the current drought.
Clint Terrell spent his years in juvenile hall and then prison, both times for robbing a house and stealing a car. Thanks to an outreach program at Cal, the Underground Scholars Initiative. he is now an English major with his sights set on becoming a professor.
During the 1900 Big Game between Cal and Stanford, 23 people died, most of them children. An overflow crowd at Big Game, eager, unsupervised kids and unprepared authorities combined for a Thanksgiving Day debacle.
Tuesday night, Berkeley City Council will discuss proposed homeless rules. The item that has generated the most controversy prohibits going to the bathroom in public; limits the use of public space for the storage of personal items; and outlaws lying down inside planter beds or on planter walls.
Asians as Schrodingers minority
H/SS Upper div recommendation
ISF majors
Have you all seen this sh*t from BAMN? They posted it all over Berkeley and were harassing people on sproul today.
The most Berkeley thing I've ever seen
Protest tomorrow?
HSS Upper div recommendation
How easy to sneak between sections @ Stanfurd Stadium?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: "I am more attracted to women and nonbinary folks than to men. I am attracted to men 20 percent of the time and female or gender nonconforming people 80 percent, yet the proportions of my sexual and romantic experiences are a direct inverse of those numbers."
In Observance of Big Game Week
Double English and Maths major help
Can procrastination be predicted from self-discrepancy? If you could take this personality survey to help me find out I would really appreciate it!
Let's make a UC Berkeley Runescape Deadman Mode Clan
Is a relationship between a GSI and one of his/her former students permitted?
After nearly a decade, Cafe Gratitude, a restaurant on Shattuck Avenue known for its all-vegan menu, will be closing at the end of the year. Owners Matthew and Terces Engelhart, who own several Cafe Gratitude locations throughout California, expressed a desire to focus on business elsewhere.
Campus research team receives $100,000 grant, 2 HoloLens devices from Microsoft
Two days after the Cal football team became bowl-eligible, Cal Athletics announced it has begun contract-extension talks with head coach Sonny Dykes, who took over the program in December 2012. Dykes is currently in year three of a $9.7 million, five-year contract that lasts through the 2017 season.
Is it too late to send in my SAT scores?
UC Berkeley plans to demolish a small building on Bancroft Way for an 8-story mixed-use project, the Stiles Student Housing Project. It will house nearly 800 students. An existing surface parking lot for Berkeley affiliates would be replaced by the new building. Construction begins winter 2016.
Alumni, where are you in life now?
With Telebears Phase II starting, are their any incredible classes similar to Public Policy C103 w/Robert Reich, that anyone would recommend?
In Observance of Big Game Week
Berkeley DMM Old School Runescape Clan
H/SS upper div recommendation.
bConnected team, thanks a lot for a putting an extraneous space after the login key. I almost pulled my hair out trying to reconfigure my account.
H/SS Upper Div Recommendation
Any fun classes for a graduating senior?
Any gamers out there that play Destiny?
Psych Survey!
Would getting a NP for a humanities seminar affect me as an EECS major?
Mod rule clarification: If your account is less than 1 day old or has less than 5 comment karma, you cannot make new threads. Either comment in the Sunday Weekly sticky or message the moderators for approval.
Cal student robbed at gunpoint while biking home from campus.
Ever wonder how much of your student fees go towards our athletic program?
Male sustains serious head injury after "fight"; 6 arrested
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung: "Two weeks ago, an email from John DeNero sent me into starstruck hysteria. 'Let's talk,' it read ominously. I was giddy, gleeful, giggling like mad. .. I was dimly aware of some reproach, considering the vitriol I had spat in his direction." Fall 2015: new course CS 8.
Aaron Rodgers stands up to prejudice and chastises fan for Islamaphobic remark
In Observance of Big Game Week
In Observance of Big Game Week
Raine Robichaud: on family and unconventionality. Johnny Menhennet, a freshman with divorced parents: He had a "50/50 situation" in which he split love and time equally between both parents. Then, only his dad could move him in on his first day, "which is sad because my mom came to Cal".
There are more than 115,000 refugees in the Bay Area. A young man left his family in Iran after facing religious persecution. He taught himself to read and write English by fighting strangers on "World of Warcraft" and developed skills as a Web programmer hoping to gain employment in Silicon Valley
Activities during Big Game week?
Berkeley Runescape Deadman Mode Clan anyone?
Happy Big Game Week!
COMMENT HERE TO BECOME A MOD OF R/STANFORD!
Welcome to Big Game week. /r/Stanford just got pranked.
How to add bMail to an iPhone?
Psych 101 Survey
Cal women's basketball upsets #8 Louisville on the road 75-71
English and Maths double major, worth it?
How filled is CS61A right now?
Negin Shahiar: "Three UC Berkeley women, Holly Wertman, Thanh Mai-Bercher, and Kat Furman have established the movement Redefine Mine in an effort to challenge the dominant notions of gender identity that perpetuate rape culture, as well as Eurocentric stereotypes of beauty."
Hazel Romano: "Initiated in 1965, Democratic Education at Cal, or DeCal, is meant to give students the opportunity to think critically about their education in a proactive way. ... Backed by faculty sponsors, student facilitators can teach practically any subject they want."
Cal football becomes bowl-eligible with 54-24 win over Oregon State
Typical Oski behavior
Places to work/study near campus?
Stanford loses
Has anyone had success transferring to another major within the College of Engineering?
Serious Opinions on Shaved Heads
How to receive a good that is not legal in dorms?
International Applicants?
No. 14 Cal opens season with impressive 97-65 win over Rice
Toastmaster at UC Berkeley?
CCC student trying to transfer to Cal for EECS.
Cal women's basketball dominates Austin Peay State, 67-58, in season opener
Guinness World Records: The largest gathering of people dressed as Albert Einstein is 304, achieved by Black Pine Circle School (USA), in Berkeley, California, USA, on 5 March 2015.
NASA: Berkeley seven-year-old Oren Cohen makes James Webb space telescope costume
International Applicants?
International Applicants
Mizzou, Yale and the culture of entitlement in colleges - CNN.com
Who should I talk to for this?
Best place to buy lots of potato salad?
Anyone have experience with living in Foothill?
Past ISF majors
Cal alumna and nurse Katy Roemer participated in #millionstudentmarch: "In a few months, I will have finally paid off the very last of my $20,000 worth of student loans for the private nursing school I graduated from in 1995. I've been paying off these loans for 20 years and am now 52 years old."
"To the Black students at Mizzou, we, the Senior Editorial Board of The Daily Californian, are with you in solidarity. ... Students — us included — are complicit in the systemic racism that manifests at UC Berkeley."
Vending machines on campus?
Past ISF Majors
Help! I didn't buy my student ticket to the Big Game.
Meditation room in Berkeley?
Have any spring transfers received housing offers?
What do you do on your free time?
[Discussion] Has anyone at cal recognized you based off your username here?
Quick question on switching sections
Professor Jennifer Doudna does Ted talk on Gene Editing. [x-post Futurology]
What's your go-to spot or event on a Friday night?
"Why Humans Care for the Bodies of the Dead" A review of history professor Thomas Laqueur's "The Work of the Dead"
SJWs @ Berkeley
Where's the best place to get an oil change near campus?
13 lawsuits were filed Thursday, in connection with the collapse that killed six Irish college students. The lawsuits allege that the balcony was poorly constructed, sustained dry rot to the point of growing mushrooms and apartment complex officials knew about the dangers, but failed to fix them.
Police arrested two men on suspicion of firearm-related violations during Hotboi Weez's music video shoot on Bonar Street in West Berkeley. They found firearms, cocaine, alprazolam, marijuana, and cash. Hotboi Weez: "We all live in Berkeley: We should be able to communicate with each other."
UC Berkeley students and other activists join a nationwide day of action, the Million Student March, demanding tuition-free public higher education, cancellation of student debt and a $15 wage for all university workers. The ASUC predicted 700 activists would descend on Sproul Plaza at 2pm Thursday.
Students at the University of California, Berkeley and more than a hundred other colleges and universities staged marches Thursday for the Million Student March in support of free tuition, a $15 minimum wage for campus workers and the cancellation of debt from student loans.
TIL that Berkeley professors Andrew Isaacs, Armando Fox, and Vern Paxson are scouts for Sequoia Capital
Berkeley High racist slurs - Alert volunteer spotted offensive post in library: Poster was a person of color, but not African American.
Berkeley High racist slurs: Alert volunteer spotted offensive post in library: Student of color, but not African American.
Undoing Withdrawal at UCB
Lynch gives McDonald's Teen Worker Money to Buy Shoes
Prospective Cal Transfer: Do I have a chance of getting into Cal considering my circumstances
Prospective Transfer student: Do I have a chance if any of getting into CAL with my situation
Women's basketball tickets?
Cal Basketball now has Jaylen Brown of Marietta, GA, a top MBB recruit and Jaelyn Brown of Murrieta, CA, a top WBB recruit.
Switching colleges twice?
Public Tribunal: Expel Rapist Omar Pedroza from UC Berkeley! S...
Berkeley is One of Five Institutions to Receive a HoloLens Research Grant From Microsoft
repeating a P grade to declare a major?
Cal football: Sonny Dykes reportedly linked to Houston coaching job for third time in five years. Dykes is the lowest-paid coach in the Pac-12.
Berkeley artist Gregory Kloehn has created mobile homes for the homeless since 2009. Some waterproof roofs are made out of discarded aluminum coffee packets, the windows out of old washing machine doors. Someone keeps trying to take away this mobility and security by firebombing several houses.
6-foot-4 Tyson Jolly, considered to be one of the top shooting guards in the nation, signed a National Letter of Intent to join the Cal men's basketball team. The Oklahoma City native originally signed with Cal in April but opted to spend a year at a prep school before joining the 2016 class.
After months of anticipation, the City Council of Berkeley, Calif., decided not to take the plunge on a proposed $19 minimum wage when it met Tuesday evening. Instead, it went to $15 by 2018 for big businesses and by 2020 for small businesses, defined as having 55 or fewer full-time employees.
Breaking: A gunman with a rifle appears to be on the loose on the roof of St. Luke's Hospital on Cesar Chavez Street in the Mission District
Cal basketball freshman Jaylen Brown makes impression in classroom, takes post-graduate class in first semester at UC Berkeley
A Serious Opinion on Shaved Heads
"The Public Trust" - a Daily Cal feature on what makes Berkeley a public institution in the era of state disinvestment
Can anyone with lab experience fill this quick survey out for my BioE 10 HW (literally 1 minute)
Can you be accepted to Berkeley but denied from the EECS major?
Berkeley Ambulance Bill question
[Help] Does anyone know where to buy Pepero in Berkeley?
UC Berkeley's CITRIS Invention Lab manager Chris Myers and Daniel Lim created a super hand, for Sophie, an eight-year-old who can't grip the monkey bars because she was born with a hand difference called symbrachydactyly. The four finger bones on her left hand never developed.
Berkeley Ambulance Bill question
Berkeley Ambulance Bill question
Berkeley faculty and students urge Supreme Court to allow race as a factor in college admissions. What do you think?
Give Eaze a try and get $20 off their first three deliveries!
Research as a Freshman.
Past ISF majors
Megan Weitekamp: My BUILD tutor experiences helped me realize that schools in low-income communities face challenges they're not given the resources to handle. So I changed my plan from embarking on a career in politics and submitted an application to join the 2016 Teach For America Corps.
The Daily Cal on recommended punishment for Berkeley High School student: "The expulsion of the student alone will not fix the systemic racism that manifests in everyday high school life. ... But the walkout and protests proved real maturity and dedication in the youth fighting against racism."
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine on her friend Koty Dailey who was "assigned female at birth": "From the ages of 15 to 19, they identified as a trans man. But for about a year now, they have identified as nonbinary and agender, another identity within the trans umbrella."
RH Housing Question
Clubs that start in the spring or are willing to take applications for spring?
The Halloween Costume Controversy (Political Correctness / Intolerance)
Electronic music classes/organizations?
mods asleep (possibly), post dank sahai memes
Ky J. Boyd, proprietor of Rialto Cinemas Elmwood on new proposed minimum wage hike to $19 by 2020: "A living wage is a great and lofty goal, but the business community feels very, very intimidated. People feel they will be retaliated against. Somebody's got to stand up and speak out about this."
Cal women's basketball freshman guard Breanna Cavanaugh has withdrawn from her classes as she tries to recover from the lingering symptoms of a concussion she received in September, Cal Athletics announced Monday. She was a consensus top-100 recruit, including her No. 91 rating by ESPN HoopGurlz.
How do I take myself off the degree list?
Anyone driving up from Southern California to Berkeley this weekend?
Seeking Spring 2016 Re-Admission After Nervous Breakdown in 2011
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung: Scientists look down on engineers because of the College of Engineering's slight sacrifice in theoretical depth for applicability, and engineers look down on pure scientists for the the College of L&amp;S's generally more flexible course load and somewhat lower salaries.
Cal men's swim defeats North Carolina State, earns 25th straight win in dual-meets
Cal women's basketball beats Westmont, 91-39
Dropbox Campus Cup
Berkeley professor Ian Agol wins the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in mathematics
Anyone on campus selling an Orange Raleigh Furley single speed cyclocross bike 59cm?
Anyone on campus selling this bike? Orange Raleigh Furley single speed 59cm
CS in COE vs CS in L&amp;S
Has anyone had success transferring to another major within COE?
What to Do on Veteran's Day
Does anyone else think that the new Calnet authenticator is really ugly?
Computer Science Major: Mac or PC?
Grader may have lost my HW
150 UC students marched up the steps of University House on Sunday to rally for contracted workers' rights. They chanted for Dirks to come outside, and some held the sign "Dirks is a racist". Led by Kristian Kim, nearly all 150 students hopped the fence that three UCPD officers had been guarding.
Cal Alum Neil Blumenfield is playing the Final Table for the WSOP Main Event!
FPF Math 1A midterm
Looking for housing in the area
Fellow Spring Admits have you received your housing offers yet?
Anybody know what's going on at Sproul?
Linguistics R1B
Anyone here taken CIS 27 within the Peralta community college system?
California falls to Oregon 44-28
Please let's not become like this
Today I realized why Alcatraz Ave. is named as such. It points straight at The Rock.
Tony Choi: "I bought a pink Beats Pill speaker because it was the only color left. At UC Berkeley, as my floormates visited my room one by one in the beginning of the school year, about half the people questioned the color of my speakers as if it were taboo for a male to own any pink items."
Kate Wolffe: "High schools have become assembly lines producing stressed-out teenagers. My start at Berkeley was a shock after my high-pressure high school experience — I was suddenly swimming in time." Isabel Soloaga ponders dropping out of school and working in a coffee shop somewhere for a year.
Shaving my head
Free printing?
Need help with housing options
Cal's 24 Hour Theatre has a free show at 8:00pm on Saturday, November 7, 2015, at 106 Moffitt. They "write, direct, rehearse, and perform original short plays in a 24 hour time period ... When you produce a show in the span of two days, some scary things can happen – and some beautiful things, too."
How hard/interesting is Math 55?
Berkeley resident Dante Kaleo, a 22-year-old youth program assistant at Berkeley's Ecology Center, received word Tuesday that he was one of five recipients of the Levi's and Super Bowl 50 Fund Rookie Playmaker award — a $10,000 grant given to young leaders at Bay Area nonprofit organizations.
A UC Berkeley student was robbed at knifepoint by two men Friday about 12:30 a.m. Friday at the north end of Spieker Plaza near Haas Pavilion.
Parker Kjellin-Elder on breadth requirements: "I wish I had felt comfortable to have taken a real science class or a solid philosophy course, but instead I felt pressured to follow a schedule that would let me do well at this competitive institution without the extra stress of a liberal education."
Berkeley's automoderator isn't working
When does the DeCal list get posted for next semester?
Has anyone taken College Writing R4B?
A Berkeley High School sophomore boy could be expelled from school and face criminal charges after he confessed to posting a computer message that had racial slurs and threats to African-Americans, which police consider a hate crime. The student, 15, is not in custody and was released to his family.
Shall We Begin: Cal Football vs. Oregon Promo
University responds to Professor Coward's whistleblowing
Getting Cal Girl Pics
Berkeley officers are looking for a man who led them on a vehicle pursuit after he burglarized a home near Willard Middle School on Thursday morning, a police spokesman said.
Berkeley High School administrators identified the student responsible for a "screen hack" in the library Wednesday that displayed racist threats against African Americans. They will not release any details that could be used for public identification, such as age, gender or race.
Off Planet VR - gear up for a night of VR fun &amp; games 12/3/15
Best place to nap on campus?
Has anyone had success transferring to another major within COE?
Any CS students want to try solving some problems?
Seminars
Berkeley potluck on 11/6 with Redditors, Couchsurfers, etc.
Classic Cal
Classic Cal
What's the Berkeley High protest (happening right now) about?
What's the average Cal student like?
Free food
Everybody around me seems to be having a hard time too, so I hope this is true
Syndrome - When Everyone's Super, No One Is
Aravind Sivakumar hopes to combine his passions of computer science and soccer. His father had actively dissuaded him from doing computer science in high school, saying it would be too time consuming and would prevent Aravind Sivakumar from focusing on the rest of his classes and soccer.
The Berkeley High School community is reeling after a racist message threatening violence against African Americans was found on a library computer Wednesday afternoon. The message said "KKK forever public lynching December 9th 2015" and "I hung a nigger by his neck in my back yard."
A poem for midterm season
As College Tuition Spikes, Soup Kitchens Are the New Cafeteria
Recommendation for Prepaid Plans
Homesickness...
Struggling with Math 104
Homesickness...
Despite the Cal football and men's basketball teams showing gradual improvements in graduation rates, they still lag behind many other programs nationally. 79 percent of Cal scholarship student-athletes who enrolled between 2005 and 2008 completed their degree within six years.
any transfers here?
[Haas] Any full time MBA students wanna share their experience?
Video crew robbed at gunpoint near Berkeley Marina
@berkeley.edu emails don't work with Google inbox
how to study for cs midterms?
Chancellor Birgeneau: Reform Prop. 13 by taxing corporations more on property to fix California higher education
Piazza never fails to amuse
A video crew filming an interview with a retired Alcatraz prison guard near the Berkeley Marina Wednesday morning was robbed at gunpoint of their camera, police and the production company said. The two robbers put the equipment in a vehicle driven by a third man and they all drove away.
Berkeley's Bancroft Way food trucks' days are numbered. The permits that authorize Dojo Dog, Healthy Heavenly Foods and Kettle Corn Star, which are currently parked at the intersection of Bancroft and College Avenue, will expire March 31, 2016. The city does not plan to renew any of the permits.
UC Merced closed off the campus after five victims —including two students, a staff worker and a contract worker— were stabbed Wednesday morning. A male suspect was later shot and killed by police, according to a police report. The campus will remain closed Thursday while on precautionary lockdown.
Question about Math 54
Shitty day in Moffitt Library
Has anyone had success transferring to another major within COE?
How to get to Berkeley?
Replacement for Spoonrocket
Internships and Jobs for Students!!
Fall Commencement speaker finally announced - it's Robert Reich! (Unfortunately, not Fieri)
How is CS164 with Sen?
Help with Spring Semester Schedule
Looking for a workout partner at the University gym
Help with spring semester schedule
Looking at an apartment at Haste and Shattuck. How's the safety?
Questions for Transfers from Another UC
Anyone looking for a part time gig? Looking for part time personal assistant / domestic help.
[Question] Tomorrow is the EECS career fair, is it only for currently registered student?
Daily Cal: "When the University Partnership program made a deal with Bank of the West, they sought to make a profit by turning student space corporate. [UC Berkeley should have placed it elsewhere on the campus.] Preserving the student space is more important than making money off a prime location."
Professor emeritus of classical archaeology John Anderson dies at 91. A World War II vet, he taught the introductory class Classics 17 without the help of TAs. Anderson used to grade "hundreds of blue books" for the class by himself, bringing them to his bed and evaluating them before he slept.
For Clinton Terrell, dog-eared copies of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar and Homer’s Odyssey, slipped to him by an older inmate, saved him when he was in solitary confinement. Were it not for the classics, Terrell — who just transferred from community college to Berkeley — might still be incarcerated.
Berkeley senior Lavanya Jawaharlal and her sister Melissa, mechanical engineers, received $200,000 on "Shark Tank" that they'll put toward taking their STEM robotics education concept nationwide. They chose Lori Greiner over Chris Sacca who said they're "an investor's dream". She had a better offer.
Where can i find me some legit Indian food
UC Berkeley students upset after a bill is introduced which would require investigations involving the sexual assault of students to also involve local law enforcement.
How to stop it from being cold
PAC-12 Recreation Challenge
GWS 100AC work load and exams?
positive/negative feedback for my abstract?
UC Berkeley student assaulted outside Unit 3 residence halls
Spring Transfer - 17 units reasonable?
Erika Magana: Gender inclusive bathrooms remain elusive. "People have the right to use any public facility and join any school program or activity and not be discriminated against just because of their gender identity."
Cal men's water polo wins thriller against USC, blows out San Jose State
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine on being bisexual, pansexual, and demisexual. Her lesbian friend: "'What does pansexual even mean? I mean, that sounds like shit off Tumblr.' [Their] friends laughed. I was surprised that someone who also had a minority sexuality could be so closed-minded."
TIL the bill most frequently lobbied on in the 113th congress by the University of California was H.R.2397 (Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2014)
How much do TAs/UGSIs get paid for 61a?
Triple Rock: under 21 allowed before 8pm?
Cal basketball open scrimmage highlights
Questions for Transfers from Another UC
Cenk Uygur: Five Thousand Berkeley Students Riot (Where Are The Parents?)
New CalTV sketch, that parodies Jimmy Fallon
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung responds on /r/berkeley/: "Hi, I'm the guy that writes the much maligned Daily Cal opinion articles which come out every Monday. I do read the comments and controversies here; I'm finding it's nigh impossible to not for content you create on the internet."
UC President Janet Napolitano, along with 10 chancellors, filed a legal brief Monday in support of the University of Texas in a case challenging the use of affirmative action in college admissions.
Hi I'm Albert Hsiung
Telebears Phase 1 Help
Campaign against Albert Hsiung
Campaign against Albert Hsiung
looking for studio(0bd)/1bd near campus
How to stop the rain
Where do the attractive females of Berkeley congregate? How to find more?
Suggestions for Reading and Comprehension B?
The first robbery occurred via gun on Friday, October 30, 2015 at 10:10pm in People's Park. The victim, a non-affiliated 17 year old, was robbed of his possessions by three male suspects. The second armed robbery occurred on Saturday, October 31, 2015 at 1:00am in front of the International House.
Is there anything to vote on tomorrow?
Berkeley squirrels be like
Less than half of incoming graduate students have received sexual assault prevention trainings. Those who did not complete the training did not face a registration block during registration this week. The Graduate Division is recording attendance, which may be used for future registration blocks.
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung: "Everyone should take some computer science." CS10: "a wonderful sentiment but simply isn't enough". CS61A: "ill-equipped to the task". E7: "a fucking mess". The CS department "must offer utility classes" or will "remain shrouded in its isolationist technical elitism".
Cal basketball ranked #14 in AP preseason poll
EE16A, CS61C, CS70 + Decal + Research. Thoughts?
Econ grads, where are you now? Or plans after graduation?
CS61B and 70 - phase 1 or 2?
Non-student looking to live close to campus. When should I be looking?
Phase 1: Math 54 vs CS61B
Phase 1: Math 54 vs. CS 61B
Nathan Magee: Astronomy C10 is "a staple in the diet of anyone needing to complete those L&amp;S breadths, and nine-time UC Berkeley Professor of the Year Alex Filippenko makes the course one of the most well-liked on campus ... Despite its popularity the astrophysics major is largely neglected."
A man was shot during a robbery at a West Berkeley business Saturday afternoon at 1655 Fifth St., at E.C. Hydro, a hydroponic and garden supply shop that has been open since 1989. There have been at least 10 other non-fatal shootings in Berkeley this year, and one homicide.
Best looking building in Berkeley?
Phase 1: Math 54 vs CS 61B
Student Parent COAA Form Help!
A Cal football prophecy
Amazon Colonizes the UCB Campus.
Breaking: Berkeley police respond to huge Southside riot
Hey Guys and Gals and (insert new gender/social construction fad here). I am a Berkeley SJW. Lets rid this world of intolerance and people who disagree with my perception of how the world works. #saveourrightotbeoffended #limitfreespeech
Cal vs. Berkeley
Phase 1: CS 61B vs Math 54
*STEM* Junior Transfer Pursuing Simultaneous Majors
All dressed up and nowhere to go
when is poli sci 179 final?
The hot chicks are out in droves today. What's going on in Berkeley?
when is poli sci 179 final?
Has anyone ever lived in the apartment complex called Grace Gardens near UCB campus?
Looking for people to talk to who own a hoverboard, io hawk swegway for story. email me at holson@nytimes.com
[Post-Game Thread] Cal loses to USC 27-21
360 dunk from Cal Freshman?
Well this football game is going well.
Ib 140+ mcb 102 or other course?
Does anybody know who Omar Pedroza is?
Jaylen Brown between-the-legs 360 degree dunk in the Cal basketball scrimmage
Too late to buy tickets for tomorrow's game?
How does one access Tightwad Hill?
If you recently requested Antimilitarlism: Political and gender dynamics of peace movements by Cynthia Cockburn, please send me a message.
Oneplus 2 invites
Want to talk to folks who own hoverboards, swegways or io hawks.
Book reviewer Mal Warwick thinks Robert Reich's new book is "brilliant," and "cogently and compellingly" explains complex economic issues. But while Reich is funny in person, 'Saving Capitalism' doesn’t contain a lot of humor, says Warwick. He still gives it five out of five stars.
Co-op for underrepresented minorities planned for fall 2016. The Berkeley Student Cooperative charter has been undergoing revisions by the BSC's Demographic Inclusion Task Force, or DITF, since the BSC voted in May to introduce the Person of Color theme house as part of UC Berkeley’s co-op system.
Authorities have set up a trailer with "license plate technology" at Willard Middle School to help with an investigation into five child abduction attempts in Berkeley since September.
36-year-old Joseph Kristian Black broke into the Dona Spring Animal Shelter last Tuesday, Oct. 21, and stole a dog he had unsuccessfully tried to adopt. He then carjacked a man at a gas station who was about to gas up. Stopped and arrested, Black remains at Santa Rita Jail with a bail of $170,000.
Where can I watch live TV tonight in Berkeley?
Japanese food
Spring admit housing?
Does anyone know whether Stat 94/CS 94 is being offered next semester?
How do you waitlist for lab and discussion sections?
Poli Sci 179 final?
Where to buy a white t-shirt and fabric paint?
Halloween in Berkeley: Beer, Jugger, Horror Film Fest, 924 Gilman, Dia De Los Muertos
UC Berkeley senior and mechanical engineering major Lavanya Jawaharlal on Friday will be the first UC Berkeley student to appear on ABC's "Shark Tank". She is the president and co-founder of STEM Center USA, a robotics outreach program aimed at inspiring youth by providing after-school programming.
The Student Labor Committee participated in a sit-in outside the office of the campus director of intercollegiate athletics Thursday to protest the alleged termination of Lizbeth Zuniga, a contract worker. Eight students who refused to leave after 8pm were forcibly removed and cited for trespassing.
UC Berkeley technology council announces new app distribution program
Where can i get me some legit chinese food
Cal Women's Soccer Destroys UCLA 7-0, avenging men's soccer and football
Alexander Coward: "My Union told me today that they were no longer going to represent me. I am insisting, against the Union's advice, that the University responds to my grievance within 10 days of the grievance meeting, as set forth in the Lecturer contract. The University wants an extension."
how to do well on hilfingers tests?
Prof. Sheldon Wolin dies at 93. In collaboration with Berkeley colleague John H. Schaar, he wrote frequently for The New York Review of Books in the 1960s on the Free Speech Movement and campus unrest at Berkeley. At Cal, he galvanized the political theory profession in a grand debate on democracy.
A 10-year agreement establishes the Bank of the West as the "Official Bank of UC Berkeley," and will provide the campus with more than $17 million in revenue. It will fund programs like the UC Berkeley Food Pantry and Bears for Financial Success, a financial literacy program for undergraduates.
Seven disgruntled customers have filed lawsuits against Premier Cru, a high-end wine store on University Avenue in Berkeley, contending that the store purchased thousands of bottles of expensive French wine on their behalf, worth around $3 million, but never delivered it.
Is Pass/No Pass Deadline tonight at 11:59?
Update on new mods and spam policy
Are either of MCB C61 (Brain, Mind, and Behavior) or CogSci 1 usually webcast?
All recent news and upcoming activities in UC Berkeley
Is there a mobile app for Reddit?
Campuz app: UC Berkeley newsboard to post and share recent news, upcoming activities or just anything with the entire campus community.
Campuz: Your College Newsboard
The University of California Police Department has been informed by a UC Berkeley Campus Security Authority (CSA) of a report that one or more individuals may have been drugged at an unknown fraternity recently.
[Serious] Is it true that Soda is open 24/7?
Where does one get Cal Bball jerseys .....
How is Math 54 final?
Reunite me with my lost skateboard and I will reward you handsomely!
Easy A Classes?
Berkeley is the most "enlightened" city in America. Straight cerebral.
Connecting Xbox One to Wi-fi in dorms
Who else is honoring our lord and savior this weekend?
What's easier to get into, Bio 1A/L or CS61B
Math 54 With Nadler
Free food + drinks. Job prospects for App Developing, Marketing/PR &amp; networking. Testing a new app. You should be there.
Alastair Boone: For Halloween, I plan to dress as the elevator in Wheeler Hall. "Being a bear solves nothing" is perfectly true. While being at UC Berkeley pushes us far beyond the discovery of old elevators, the comfort that we take in the status of being students here can be harmful.
Cal men's soccer breaks 6-game winless streak with victories over San Diego State, UCLA
Can someone give me a hand for $10?
I LOVE GREEN PUSSY
lulzcakes is Mark Rubio's son
Seniors, how is your job search going?
need CS course advice
Dropping a cancelled class
I know I can't be the only one.
I think we can all agree that we need more active mods for /r/Berkeley. I'm wondering how many other members of the community feel the same way.
lulzcakes: What was the result of the "I won't ban memes unless..." thread?
A decade in the making, ASUC Student Union and Eshleman Hall officially reopen. It houses a store; four ATMS; a bike repair station and new bike racks; two coffee shops and four eateries, plus an upgraded Bear’s Lair pub; and two concierge desks. Students will have access 24/7, except on holidays.
Australian circus troupe Circa brings "Opus" to the Cal Performances stage at Zellerbach Hall in Berkeley Thursday and Friday, October 29 and 30. The 11-year-old Circa has gained international renown for an audacious melding of circus arts with theater, dance and music.
The U.S. Navy reported this week that it sent the pilot who flew low over Berkeley in January 27, 2015, to a review board to "examine the aeronautical judgment of the aviator during the flight." The plane reached 2,500 feet above the UC Berkeley campus. A Cal student said the pilot was his brother.
Shanzeh Khurram: Why I switched from computer science to English. In a family of doctors, I am the only English major. My parents joked about how I'd end up working at McDonald's, so I chose CS. Programming left me with little time to read books or write. Coding made me feel extremely incompetent.
is the amazon locker in unit 1 restricted to unit 1 only?
CS Upper Divs Compared to 61A?
What are some of the fun things to do in the area for Halloween?
Automatically added to wait list even though class not full
How does Haas undergraduate view a P/NP?
Berkeley High School Rally Day this Friday
[Sunday Weekly #7] Ask your University or housing-related questions here!
Chem 1A Midterm 3
Interviewing 2016 Senate Candidate!!!!
Want a Halloween experience you'll never forget? Journey to the End of the Night is back in San Francisco this Saturday!
Waitlist for CS61B and CS70
Engineerds?
Phase 2 Stats?
should I take cs61c and cs70 together?
Come learn about Bernie Sanders' plan for students by joining us to watch his National Student Town Hall TONIGHT at 6 PM, 101 Morgan Hall! (Light refreshments FCFS)
'Once in a generation': Film explores Cal quarterback Joe Roth, who played his senior season while battling melanoma and died months later at 21. His #12 is the only retired number at Cal.
Did it just rain for 1 minute
UC Berkeley Stereotypes?
Berkeley Hearthstone players unite!
Cal alumna Joanne Chen and Foundation Capital are looking for entrepreneurs from Cal, in the second year of a program designed to boost startups born at Cal. The competition's deadline is Friday. Four winners will get $25,000 in funding and office space in San Francisco's SOMA neighborhood.
Reed Frye, a UC Berkeley School of Law student: Like most of our black and Latino student body, I was pleased to receive Dean Sujit Choudhry's letter implementing a critical mass policy for first-year law students, sorting black and Latino students into only two of the three traditional "supermods".
I LOVE ELLIOT RODGER
LOLLOLLOL LULZCAKES HAS NO GAME. PRAISE ELLIOT RODGER
LULZCAKES CAN SUCK IT!!! PRAISE ELLIOT RODGER
FUCK LULZCAKES!!!!11ALL HAIL ELLIOT RODGER
REST IN PEACE. Praise Elliot Rodger!!!11!
All HAIL ELLIOT RODGER!!!!!!111!!
I'm beautiful. You can't deny that. Praise Elliot Rodger!!11!
I've had to rot in bleak, and sad loneliness. Praise Elliot Rodger
The Supreme Gentleman. Praise Elliot Rodger
Black power!!!!!111! Praise Elliot Rodger
"Life is so unfair." Praise elliot rodger
Why do we worship Elliot Rodger?
Elliot Rodger is your God
"I'm 22 years old and I'm still a virgin." Praise Elliot Rodger
Cal Student Video Goes viral
Human Rights Center Conference 2015 - Boalt Hall 11/9 12:30
mod me plz
What this subreddit feels like and how to fix it.
Grade cutoffs for Music 27? failed midterm
UC Berkeley area housing
Does anyone know of any good walking trails around Berkeley?
Halloween Festivities
P/NP and retake the class even with a P?
Number of home burglaries, Oct. 8-14: five on Oct. 8 (5:30am, 6:30am, 7am, 7:45am, 10:30am), four on Oct. 9 (10am, 11:30am, 12:30pm, 6pm), two on Oct. 10 (11am, 9pm), two on Oct. 11 (7am, 7pm), two on Oct. 12 (2:30am, 7:45am), one on Oct. 13 (1:30pm), and four on Oct. 14 (2:30am, 5pm, 5pm, 6:20pm).
Irish President Michael D Higgins has announced a $40,000 (€36,000) grant for University of California, Berkeley, to help set up an Irish studies programme.
Number of home burglaries, Oct. 8-14: five on Oct. 8 (5:30am, 6:30am, 7am, 7:45am, 10:30am), four on Oct. 9 (10am, 11:30am, 12:30pm, 6pm), two on Oct. 10 (11am, 9pm), two on Oct. 11 (7am, 7pm), two on Oct. 12 (2:30am, 7:45am), one on Oct. 13 (1:30pm), and three on Oct. 14 (2:30am, 5pm, 5pm, 6:20pm).
Two Berkeley professors are "radically rethinking the humanities," philosophy professor Tania Lombrozo writes in a commentary about a course called "The Humanities," now offered as part of Berkeley's "Big Ideas" program.
Rodolfo Mendoza-Denton, a psychology professor who authored Are We Born Racist? is the winner of this year's Chancellor’s Award for Advancing Institutional Excellence. The accolade $10,000 award is for faculty with a distinguished record of promoting diversity while advancing equity and inclusion.
Build Pizzeria Roma and Berkeley Underground former owners Lisa Holt and David Shapiro filed for bankruptcy Oct. 6. They sold their interest in Build's holding company to Moana Restaurant Group last year. Berkeleyside is a creditor of Build, which was unable to be consistently profitable.
Build Pizzeria Roma and Berkeley Underground former owners Lisa Holt and David Shapiro filed for bankruptcy earlier this month. They sold their interest in Build's holding company, Rustic Restaurants LLC, to the San Rafael-based Moana Restaurant Group last year. Berkeleyside is a creditor of Build.
Easiest class you've taken at cal?
how's mcb 102?
Exclusive interview with Coward about the importance of math education and the department's decision to terminate his contract
Interesting Bio Breadth Class?
Transferring to Cal as a student from an out of state private university?
8===========D -- -- -- ----
FUCK LULZCAKES !!!11
lulzcakes, enough is enough
fuck lulzcakes
lulzcakes, this subreddit is becoming shit
lulzcakes, banning memes is not enough
lulzcakes needs to hire more mods
lulzcakes's response is not adequate
lulzcakes is incompetent
61A final grades
Berkeley's plans to thin eucalyptus "gasoline trees" inspires protests
hilfinger 61b
I won't ban memes unless there's an overwhelming majority in support of such an action. Comment here if you want me to limit meme posts.
AirBears2 connection on Microsoft surface
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine on being the sub in the dominant/submissive relationship: "Even if I said no to my abusive partners, they still tried to convince me to go through the acts I didn't want to do. I always have and always will refuse to participate in urine play."
lulzcakes: Attack on this subreddit was an inside job
This Sub-Reddit is becoming dank. Mods please do nothing and the excessive dankposting
All hail Samses94 and the Mods!
Berkeley Side: "New Restaurant Moving to Berkeley Where 'Old Boots and Toots Western Saloon' Once Stood."
This isn't piazza. If I see another negative post about Samses94, I'm going to dish out permanent bans instantly.
Samses94 is your God.
This Sub-Reddit is becoming a mess. Mods please do something and the excessive sh*tposting
2015 Commencement speaker and this sub
Spit or swallow?
DailyCal: "Samses94, Unregulated by Mods, Goes Wild in Drug Induced Night of Mayhem."
lulzcakes is actually nickpeaches.
Why do we worship Samses94?
Glenn died! :(
Samses94 announced as Fall 2015 Commencement Speaker
Samses94 is your God
Balcony collapses on Irish president after speech
Parking options
nickpeaches is actually samses94
I've had enough of your snide criticisms
Samses84 is your God
Luciferlied is your God
#eecsmasterrace, anyone? (so relevant)
Fuck /r/Berkeley
UC regents working group considered whether to adopt the U.S. Department of State's definition of anti-Semitism. Attended by 30 members of the public, it was scheduled to last until 4 p.m. but was closed prematurely at 2:30 p.m. after a number of people who registered to speak failed to attend.
Oscar's, the iconic burger and hot dog restaurant on Shattuck Avenue and a fixture in downtown Berkeley for 65 years, is now officially closed. It will be replaced by Washington, D.C.-based "seasonal fast-food chain" Sweetgreen, which will serve primarily a vegan selection of salads and grain bowls.
Women's Swim &amp; Dive. Into Her Own: Farida Osman's journey from the Arab Spring to the international stage. At her third All-Africa Games in 2015, she earned five gold medals and helped Egyptian swimming finish second in medal count.
People stare at me. Why?
Motorcade outside bancroft library
Ohlone Park neighbors brainstorm about homeless influx
Overnight parking near(ish) campus
a complete list (hopefully) of apartments in berkeley... u can also post ur sublease info here ...
Will the CS enrollment situation last?
Hi. How do I get my adviser code?
Why are EECS majors such assholes?
Update to USPS general delivery escalation
Telebears advisor code isn't working. what to do
"Why don't I take military funding?" By Benjamin Kuipers
Cal rugby wins Autumn 7s tourney
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung: "It's a small but steadily growing minority opinion among STEM students: The liberal arts are useless, and their scholars are idiots. ... The most disgusting opinion to germinate in the technocratic echo chamber is that liberal arts majors are stupid."
Leaving GPA out on resumes
Lower Sproul construction time lapse
UC students key to K-12 education reform
A Goodwill Store in Berkeley removed what appeared to be a Holocaust-themed costume off its racks. The striped top is similar to the uniform worn by prisoners in German concentration camps. The one removed from the store has the yellow star of David used to identify Jews by the Nazi regime.
Berkeley College Republicans and Cal Berkeley Democrats gathered in the Valley Life Sciences Building on Thursday evening for this year's Great Debate, in which the two rival clubs presented their views on labor, foreign policy and higher education.
[Video] Anant Sahai as a Child
Chances of getting into CS 61A?
Desperately seeking work, any kind, from sales to office work to serving to bar/budtending. Pretty much anything.
FREE FILM SCREENING (10/28, 8PM, 150 GSPP): Dario Argento's SUSPIRIA
Elizabeth Kurata on Ross Farrar, who is a 31-year-old English major in her creative nonfiction class and who is the frontman for the celebrated punk-band Ceremony, who just released a new album in May
Tom Edmondson, who was an adult baby for Halloween in 2013: "I decided to make a weird-ass, pointless survey" to ask people ludicrous questions after feeling "overwhelmed with this soul-crushing sensation of anxiety and guilt" when "asked to take a survey or a flyer or to sign a petition".
Missing all of Thanksgiving week?
Lynch helps teammate with 401K
Any spring admits heading to Berkeley this Tuesday?
California drops out of AP Top 25 following loss to UCLA
Is it worth being an RA?
CS70 with Rao?
So I need one final major class to graduate next semester. Turns out it's all full as well as the waitlist is full. It's only offered in spring and I'm going to go talk to adviser on monday but what happens if i cant get in. Do i just not graduate for a year?
Transfer student in 2 years time? What am I to expect?
How is CS162 now?
Some continuing freshmen/sophomores need a new advisor code to register on Tele-Bears. Others don't. Anyone know why?
Is there any CS-related class that would be useful for a Psych major?
Why is it called Cal Hacks if you aren't actually hacking anything?
Local post office only accepts general delivery mail for 30 days out of a year. I'm escalating the matter.
Disturbance on Sacramento St. at Ashby St.
Jacobs Hall Spring 2016 course listings now up! (design related classes)
Jacobs Hall Spring 2016 course listings now up!
EMERGENCY: NEED WAFFLES.
CSO for Work Study
audible free trial... is it worth it?
Any suggestions for a class that will fulfill part B of the Reading and Comp requirement?
CS 70 vs Math 55
I'm from USC and I have something to tell you.
Campus group Bears for Israel holds candlelight vigil Wednesday evening to commemorate Israeli citizens who have been killed or injured in recent acts of terror in the Middle East.
Cal gymnast Toni-Ann Williams chases Jamaican Olympic dream. Williams is typically in the gym for a couple of hours training on her own before her three-hour Cal practice. She is taking just eight units this semester — about half of a regular course load — during her chase of an Olympic bid.
After officially closing in 2009, Spats Restaurant and Saloon — a Downtown bar known for its funky, eclectic atmosphere — celebrated its reopening under new ownership at a ceremony Wednesday.
Berkeley Police officers arrested a 42-year-old Oakland man, Eliexer Rodriguez, a felon, sitting in a vehicle with a loaded gun Thursday morning just south of UC Berkeley's Clark Kerr Campus.
The ASUC on transparency, Geoff Marcy, and Alexander Coward
Any volunteer opportunities in the Berkeley area this weekend?
I hope you realize this place exists
Bob the EE16A Reader - u r pretty dank
Interested in the Keystone XL Pipeline? Join us for lunch and a discussion November 10.
Jared Goff, Marshawn Lynch, Missy Franklin and more have learned personal finance in Haas Business school course [New York Times]
Trying to get into Robert Reich Public Policy Class
Math 113 advice
CS 189 and CS 170 as a Math major
Down about your midterm? Never, never give in - you can make it: Cal Bears Football 82 - The Play
Is Hilfinger's CS61B generally curved?
Anyone know if EE 16A will be offered in the summer?
LSAT Study Buddies!!
Free Selfie Stick at Greek Theatre
Cal &amp; UCLA band unite to reenact Trojan War in halftime show
Considering some summer plans...questions on studying abroad and co-ops
24 Hour Study Space?
This subreddit is ruining my life. Please delete it
did so bad on CS61A midterm #2...
CS61a midterm
PAGING /U/ROIDSBEAR
:(
PAGING /U/ROIDSBEAR
30 students from 8 UC campuses convened in Oakland on Monday to state their disappointment with UC President Janet Napolitano's handling of issues faced by undocumented students. Madeleine Villanueva, an undocumented UC Berkeley senior: "There's an invisibility of undocumented students on campus."
UC President Janet Napolitano said Wednesday that she is preparing a plan to significantly increase the number of California undergraduates in the 2016-17 school year throughout the university system, including at UCLA and UC Berkeley, where admission is the most difficult.
I'm at the game
22 Berkeley residents fined for excessive water use. The highest consumption rate was by Venkat Lakireddy at about 2,194 gallons per day, or 96 units, over the limit. Penalties for those excessive use customers on the initial list ranged from $2 to $1,858.
Irish President Michael Higgins will visit Berkeley next week to speak with students, honor first responders and community members who helped after June’s fatal balcony collapse, and plant trees with Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates. He will speak at at I-House about ending world hunger and poverty.
Has anyone here taken PMB 135 or is currently taking it? How are Professor Melios's tests? I know Professor Terry had the 25 short answer questions and I remember from the first class, Melios said his are like 4-5 questions so anyone have any idea?? Thanks
Cheap fruit here?
Is piazza down?
My Boyfriend Came Inside Me
CAL UCLA Game [LIVE CHAT]
Good Upper Div Humanities that satisfy multiple requirements?
failing cs70
Mandatory sexual violence prevention training
What's the craziest thing you've done to pay for school?
What was your personal statement about?
Interesting stories about paying off student debt
/r/nickpeaches is up and running, come check it out!
Looking for fitness partner.
This isn't your personal Facebook wall. If I see another negative post about some student or resident, I'm going to dish out permanent bans instantly.
With all due respect EECS/CS...
Cal had to win in classrooms before winning on football field
What's the biggest secret you know at or about Berkeley?
Coward protest: "The Facebook event for the protest had nearly 4,000 RSVPs, but slightly more than 1 percent of the intended were present at Tuesday’s protest."
petition to make /r/nickpeaches the serious version of /r/berkeley
Is the area near Berkeley Amtrak safe to live?
Amazon to open 2 locations in Berkeley
http://www.berkeleyside.com/2015/10/20/shop-talk-the-ins-and-outs-of-berkeley-businesses-148/
Bold Internship
I am Joey Scheuer. AMA.
Coward speaks to the ASUC Senate. Starts around 9:05 PM-ish [LIVE NOW]
Formerly incarcerated English major Steve Czifra reflects on activism and academia. He himself had spent eight years alone in a cell. At Berkeley, he won a Chancellor's Award for Civic Engagement honoring his work supporting the hunger strike by California prisoners against solitary confinement.
Sam Davis, professor emeritus, architecture: Fencing University House: the symbolism, economics, and practicality. Alternative: "There is precedent for university leadership to not live in the house provided."
Authorities have released an updated vehicle description and more information about five child abduction attempts in Berkeley over the past month, including two that had not previously been reported.
Is there anywhere to sing without embarrassing myself?
After his resignation from UC Berkeley was accepted Wednesday amid sexual harassment allegations, Geoffrey Marcy, a former faculty member of the campus astronomy department, has been removed from his position as an adjunct professor at San Francisco State University.
Police arrested UC Berkeley statistics graduate student and former Goldman Sachs worker, 38-year-old Ryan Lee McCorvie, suspected to have grabbed and sexually assaulted several girls ages 9 to 13 at Strawberry Creek Pool in August while they were swimming. Cal has placed him on administrative leave.
Free Meal SpoonRocket
Any Ingress players here?
Is making friends worth it?
Joey Scheuer (Berkeley '19) made this sexist and bigoted post earlier today. Shame...
Steve Irwin Picking Up Girls In The Wild (AKA at Berkeley)
Chem 1A Midterm 2
Questions about transferring to UC Berkeley
Very strong opinion about Berkeley students found on my Facebook feed. Thoughts?
First large scale antiwar demonstration staged at Berkeley - Sep 30, 1964
Speaker Request for 2016 #Dirks
Taking CS70 at community college?
Happy/unhappy at Berkeley?
Skipping 61b straight to 61c
Drop a class
Alexander Coward update: "I can now confirm that, according to UC Berkeley Labor Relations, I have waived my right to confidentiality. See attached. So there should be a response." "I think I could really do with some lawyers."
Possible to get an internship under Donald Trump?
Are Cal students as smart as MIT or Harvard students?
happy hallo boys enjoy dis bloody ace innit
Nicholas Dirks: "Let me thank the student-athletes who recognize and prioritize classroom education, even amid the serious demands of their sports. Let me thank professors who maintain rigorous standards for all students while understanding special circumstances that affect our student-athletes."
Daily Cal: Renaming LeConte Elementary School would prove dedication to ending institutional racism. "As former slave owners and fierce supporters of the Confederacy, the LeContes do not deserve to have the honor of having buildings named after them bestowed upon them."
Bill Quirk, the associate director of UC-AFT, on lecturers like Alexander Coward: "Hundreds of lecturers are spurned by the university every year because they speak up in meetings, because they don’t conform perfectly, because they refuse to do all the unpaid work expected by departments."
Nicholas Dirks: "Let me thank the student-athletes who recognize and prioritize classroom education, even amid the serious demands of their sports. Let me thank professors who maintain rigorous standards for all students while understanding special circumstances that affect our student-athletes."
Berkeley City Councilman Jesse Arreguín may have inadvertently announced his candidacy for mayor Monday when he changed the name of his Facebook page from "Jesse Arreguín for City Council," to "Jesse Arreguín for Mayor." First elected in 2008, he graduated from UC Berkeley.
50 students rally around math lecturer Alexander Coward; thousands signed a petition sent to the math department. Coward said a former department head told him: "One of the reasons that people are arguing against appointing you is they're worried students won't want to take their classes anymore."
2016 Commencement speaker and this sub
Anyone know what's up with the helicopter?
Trick-or-treating as an Adult
new weed delivery service! (FREE $35!!) read!
Nickpeaches Battle Royale?
Does Prof. Reich webcast his lectures?
What 3.9K facebook attendees looks like "Alexander Courage"
I wanna get tickets for the Big Game but I'm not sure where the Cal will be sitting at Stanford?
Question about transferring to Berkeley
4chan /b/erkeley meetup?
Emeritus Architecture Prof Sam Davis: People’s Park - it’s time for change
The Halal Guys’ new downtown Berkeley location revealed
[serious]howdy
Good Soda Hall venues for first date?
Is it hard to double-major in EECS and CS?
Daily Cal editorial cartoon: "Getting rallied!" Attendance at ending sexual harassment in academia seminar vs. keep Coward protest.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: A love note from one slut to another. With her boyfriend Zed: "At the beginning of our courtship, we discussed what we each would want from a relationship while affirming that we were both polyamorous — in multiple, consensual relationships simultaneously."
Getting back into Berkeley for grad School?
whaleturd where are u baby
dem boards rock n roll y'all
Which classes should I take "for fun"?
Using libraries at other UC's
The Daily Mail on Alexander Coward: "A UC Berkeley maths lecturer whose inspirational 'love letter to learning' went viral has been sacked amid claims his popularity and unconventional teaching methods rankled with superiors." "He alleged a culture of fear pervades the UC Berkeley maths department."
How can the CS department be more attractive to women?
Berkeley's Ecology Center Works to Make Sure Every Farmers' Market Can Accept Food Stamps
Cal women's soccer stays perfect at home with a 2-0 win over Utah
BuzzFeed's Mary Ann Georgantopoulos: UC Berkeley is arguing that a lawsuit filed by three women, Sofie Karasek, Aryle Butler, and Nicoletta Commins, who claim the school mishandled reports of their sexual assaults should be dismissed — because the women weren't victimized again.
An East Bay MUD utility crew found themselves stuck in the Berkeley sinkhole they were sent to fix on Friday. Water officials say a cast iron water main built in 1931 caused the sinkhole. The main has been replaced and the sinkhole has been filled.
Two young female postdoctoral fellows at UC Berkeley, Ming Yi, 30, and Sarah Richardson, 32, this week received $60,000 fellowships from the L'Oréal For Women in Science program, in exchange for which they commit to mentoring girls and women in the STEM.
Cal Music Students?
mc nick banana in de mix
has anyone successfully enrolled in robert reich's public policy c103 during phase two?
Masturbated During Midterm, Now Accused of Cheating
Advice to the haters, from a fellow hater
I custom made this Cal bling for Jared Goff. Anyone know how I can get it to him?
I custom made Jared Goff this Cal bling. Anyone know how I can get this to him?
Recommended Stats class for a Math major?
Is is hard to double major in Math and CS?
question for all cs/eecs/math majors dont upvote
Wehrheim vs Yuan for Math 54
Am I fucked?
ASUC President vetoes resolution to establish BART Working Group (the last discussion was deleted for some reason)
BUSD: Another attempted child abduction in Berkeley
Why are co-op kids so into Polaroid photography?
Please help me with my education project on students with disabilities if you have a minute by taking this survey! You'll be entered to win a $25 Amazon gift card :)
Between roughly 11:30 p.m. Friday and 12:15 a.m. Saturday, Berkeley police officers responded to two stabbings they believe were related, reports of gunshots and a drunk driving incident.
Daily Cal's followup article on Alexander Coward. Coward: "The end goal is not to get my job back. The end goal is to provide the students of UC Berkeley and the rest of the world with a world-class education. Currently, this is not consistently the case, and that's a problem."
UC Berkeley Math Professor Katrin Wehrheim on Alexander Coward: "I've seen it first hand." Regarding the questions, "To your knowledge, is his account accurate? Is it in line with your experience with the department administration?" Katrin: "Yes - on all counts! and, yes just the tip of an iceberg."
What does "other" usually mean with regards to what students decide to do after getting a BS/BA from UC Berkeley? Does it usually mean "take a year off to take GRE / MCAT / LSAT / relax / take a vacation or what?
Bus/shuttle from Soda to Unit 2?
EECS Poem
building hours?
Richard Stallman as Commencement Speaker?
26 Freshmen rescued after being lost in Dwinelle for 10 Weeks
Class Suggestions
Best Way to Kill a Cheater
Dressing Up As A Terrorist For Halloween. Where to go trick-or-treat?
SpoonRocket Sucks
Where can I buy good avocados?
Our true leader is being praised on the Reddit front page. #Fieri2016
Fuck CalServe
I'm an L&amp;S Freshman (January Start) planning my class schedule, looking for some pointers
CS C182 - The Neural Basis of Thought and Language
Cal plays no one, moves up into the top 20 in both AP &amp; Coaches Poll
TIL That Fieri, lord and Savior of all that is good and eecs, is a homophobic ass ):
CS Upper Divs as an undeclared major?
Gregory Marsh, "As an 3.42 GPA English transfer major I often feel superior to STEM majors given there narrow job possibilities. It must feel so suffocating."
My roommate is batcrap crazy
Pretty Women Make Me Scared and Angry; Confessions of an EECS Major
CS 184 for first CS Upperdiv?
Hazel Romano: "STEM is often discussed with awe, while sardonic jokes are told in bars about the flimsy humanities degree. ... On a campus where computer science majors rule the roost and the English major seems far from marketable, it’s tempting to distill the conversation to a polar reduction."
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung: "I watch a lot of porn." "Have you ever watched porn after masturbating? The first time I really noticed what I was watching — the first time a hilariously terrible script and blatant racism shocked me out of my sexual stupor and into lucidity — started off routinely."
How do you get an unofficial transcript after you already graduated?
To people who transferred into Berkeley what were you grades and what major were you transferring to?
GRE identification
CS 170, 189, Math 113, 185
Please help with my education project on students with disabilities by taking this quick, 1 minute survey! You will also be entered to win a $25 Amazon gift card :) Thank you!
Advice: CS160 or CS169 nxt semester?
UC Berkeley to fire 'love letter to learning' professor. Math dep't could not stomach his unconventional teaching and popularity.
Seniors just got sent an email with a poll to nominate the Spring 2016 commencement speaker. You know what to do
Berkeley Class of 2016 Commencement Speaker Nominations are Here! Cast your vote with the Senior Class Council
2 stabbings on Telegraph; gunshots on Mabel
How do you guys prevent yourselves from being overwhelmed by an inferiority complex?
If you have a minute, please help me with my school project and fill out this survey! You will be entered to win a $50 Amazon gift card
Deadline to change units for a class?
UC Berkeley students chant in support of killing Jews and Israelis.
My roommate is batcrap crazy
Half of the posts on the front page (12 out of 25) are from Samses94
After months of hard work for 17 participants, Berkeley-based Telegraph Academy has graduated its first class. The tech coding school aims to teach software engineering to under-represented minorities and create a network of tech workers of color. Last week, it welcomed its second cohort.
Cal Hacks draws 2,000 students from Berkeley and other universities to Memorial stadium to code and build
Berkeley's Rosa Parks Elementary School is giving fair warning that ethnically based costumes will not be allowed to keep students from feeling made fun of because of their heritage. Examples of what not to wear: Arab costume, Hey Amigo costume, or a Native American costume.
Genevieve Wilson of Berkeley Homeless Task Force at the Homeless Commission meeting included a request that UC Berkeley's campus make its restrooms more accessible to the homeless community. Wilson: "There's been feedback that the campus hasn't been particularly friendly towards homeless people."
EECS jokes are crappy and getting old
Looking for strong CS students for a mobile app start up!(Received Funding)
Ideas to get Goff to stay?
Daily Cal on Alexander Coward activism: The fact that students have so quickly and adamantly latched onto this one-sided story reveals the hypocrisy in much of UC Berkeley students' activism: support of popular, trendy causes appearing to buck the system without facts to back up the rhetoric.
What to phase 1
Spring schedule advice
Can't We All Get Along? Case Studies of Racial Tensions In and Around Progressive Berkeley. The article discusses the Berkeley College Republicans' 2011 Increase Diversity Bake Sale, a noose hanging from Sather Gate in 2014, and W. Kamau Bell getting shooed from Elmwood Cafe in 2015.
Israeli-Palestinian dispute over the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement broke out on Sproul Plaza on Tuesday. One pro-Israel protester pushed back when confronted by an older member of the crowd, who tried to seize his poster and flag after a contentious verbal exchange.
Without warning to some employees and the property manager, Perdition Smokehouse, a Texas barbecue and craft beer restaurant on University Avenue, served its last meals Sunday night. Owner Chuck Stilphen said he could no longer endure the financial loss of continuing operations.
Impatient with Berkeley officials, community organizations and labor unions filed paperwork to place a proposition on Berkeley's 2016 ballot that would raise the city's minimum wage to $15 in 2017, and increase it in subsequent years until the minimum wage matches the city's living wage.
A visualization of the City of Berkeley's budget
Airbears ELI5
Applying for CS internships in the fall vs winter
Help transferring bMail using POP
What was the alarm system saying? Sort of dozed off in library. Thanks
If you have a minute, please help me with my school project and fill out this survey! You will be entered to win a $50 Amazon gift card
What is the best way to deal with asshole GSIs?
Geoff Marcy's Resignation [Live Chat]
Over 100 elementary school students gathered at the UC Botanical Garden on Tuesday — surrounded by towering redwoods dappled in afternoon sun — to listen to some wise words from renowned primatologist and ethologist Jane Goodall who travels the world 300 days a year to talk about Roots and Shoots.
Two distinguished faculty members — George Johnson, professor of mechanical engineering, and Chancellor's Professor Emeritus Harry Scheiber, from law and history – have received the 2015 Berkeley Faculty Service Award, which recognizes outstanding and dedicated service to Berkeley.
The Haas School of Business has said it will provide $100,000 in seed funding to help MBA students launch start-up ventures. The Dean's Startup Seed Fund will provide $5,000 grants to early-stage start-ups for prototype development and customer discovery activities.
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks on Geoff Marcy's resignation: "It is important to understand that as Berkeley's leadership considered disciplinary options, we did not have the authority, as per University of California policy, to unilaterally impose any disciplinary sanctions, including termination."
I am Geoffrey Marcy, former Professor of Astronomy at Cal, AMA!
Could we try a meetup again?
Please help my education project on students with disabilites in Cal's community! You will be entered to win a $25 Amazon gift card :) Thank you!
Question about grades in self paced classes.
Geoffrey Marcy to resign amid sexual harassment allegations
A good summary of the Geoff Marcy sexual harassment situation, with links to other relevant info and articles
Does Robert Reich's class live up to the hype?
Some Questions about Haas
Professor Marcy is Resigning
Awkward...
Open call for VR entries - Off Planet VR, Berkeley
Proposed ~monthly thread. What awesome things have you been learning?
How to get reference letters from professors?
Where did the L&amp;S Seven Breadth Course Search go?
[Question] I want to help to make the world a better place essays.
Startr: Bad ideas made easy
Why is everybody having SO much sex but me
Econ 1 vs Econ 2?
Scared of women
How to give head?
Inside Higher Ed: Alexander Coward will lose job despite strong record of promoting student success. 500 student evaluations: most entirely positive. Coward aims "to foster a feeling of autonomy, competency and personal affinity rather than rely on humdrum grades to spark motivation in students".
Professors guess millennial slang: UC Berkeley edition
Florence + the Machine at the Greek Theater ticket swap
Squeezed: Crammed into Berkeley's Housing Zone, Students Get Creative—and Desperate: "Maeva Razafimandimby, a first-year student studying Chinese, still hasn't found stable housing ... She's been moving roughly every week—sometimes twice a week—when her Airbnb rentals run out."
A California Court of Appeals decided that public universities have no legal obligation to protect students from the criminal acts of other students. The decision rests on the fact that college students are not forced to attend school, but rather choose to. Therefore, schools have no duty of care.
Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed Assembly Bill 967, which called for more consistent disciplinary standards concerning sexual assault within all public and private universities that receive state funds for student financial assistance. It had received overwhelming approval in the Senate and the Assembly.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed Senate Bill 707 into law Saturday, which bans carrying concealed firearms or ammunition on school grounds or college campuses throughout the state of California.
The Democratic Debates [Berkeley Live Chat]
A quick 1 minute survey for students pursuing grad school! Chance to win one of 3 $20 Amazon gift cards
If you have a minute, please help me with my school project and fill out this survey! You will be entered to win a $50 Amazon gift card
[PSA] Prof Coward is not involved with Operation Unjerk
coward is a coward!!
Phase 1 question...
GRE study?
Any former IB students who got into UC Berkeley here?
Good massage on Groupon?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: "I didn't find my clitoris until recently ... If I, the infamous sinner and sexual deviant — the [SOT] columnist whose printed exploits weave Reddit threads longer than a fuckboy's attention span — doesn't know where her clitoris is, there might be a problem."
Petition to add link to sidebar
Good Berkeley venues for first date?
Statistics from Cowardgate
Berkeley Astronomy Dept. Calls For Professor To Leave In Wake Of Sexual Harassment Investigation
Prof. Ogus' Response to Coward Letter
Math Department to place ban on Professors who make learning enjoyable
On Sunday, October 11, 2015 at approximately 3:26 a.m. an assault occurred on the sidewalk in front of the Clark Kerr Campus. The victim, an 18 year old male student, was walking on Warring Street when he was surrounded by 5 to 6 males. One of the males punched the victim in the mouth.
Berkeley man Mark Heryer, 47, died on San Francisco's Market Street Sunday afternoon when he apparently lost his balance and fell off a bike while cycling between two westbound Muni buses in the Financial District. He died when he went under one of the bus tires.
No. 23 Cal women's soccer beats Oregon and Oregon State and are now riding a three-game win streak.
California Magazine on Alexander Coward: Article about his viral 2013 email generated a million hits. Asked if his current predicament has prompted him to rethink his 2013 decision to hold classes in spite of a labor action, he said he would have to think more about whether there was a parallel.
American Cultures/Implication of Technology (EECS)
Official UC Berkeley Astro Department Statements Regarding Geoff Marcy and Sexual Harassment
If you have a minute, please help me with my education project and fill out this survey! You will be entered to win a $25 Amazon gift card:)
What are some things to do while high in Berkeley?
Berkeley Astronomy graduate students condemn handling of Prof. Geoffrey Marcy's Title IX investigation
[Question] Can someone give me a few pointers as I messed up the classes I take?
[Question]Double major as a transfer student?
Geoffrey Marcy, Astronomer at Berkeley, Apologizes for Behavior
Free Stuff for a survey fill out
New Iphone 6s... ft. EECS
Hey Berkeley, I need your help! (x-post from /r/BerkeleyCA)
Flashes of light coming from outside?
The science of Disasters with Prof Robert Bea.
Buuugs! Aaah! How do you get rid of them?
Related to the Coward Controversy: If You Want to Learn Science, Don’t go to a University
Best way to convert a liberal to a conservative
ELI5: Alexander Coward
3D printing on campus?
Protest to keep Alexander Coward at Cal: It begins Tuesday, October 20, 2015 at 1:00pm on Sproul Plaza. Coward's meeting with the administration will be at University Hall at 2:30pm. Already 849 people have signed up to go after the event was started an hour ago.
The Daily Cal's article about Alexander Coward's "Blowing the Whistle on the UC Berkeley Mathematics Department". Coward alleges that his termination is part of what he calls a "practice of systematically removing the best teachers" from the campus.
The Coward Letter [Live Chat]
yeee boi
Generations of Berkeley students gathered Oct. 1 at Bancroft Hotel to mark the 50th anniversary of Cal in the Capital, the summer internship program in Washington, D.C., founded by Berkeley students in 1965. One past participant is Rep. Barbara Lee who was a CITC intern for then-Rep. Ron Dellums.
On Tuesday, Berkeley City Council will deliberate on proposing an "Internet-for-all" plan to the Federal Communications Commission, which would establish an affordable high-speed Internet service plan for low-income families for $10 a month.
Loving the comments in this top TIL post about a former Cal student
Coward: Blowing the Whistle on the UC Berkeley Mathematics Department
Humanities Courses for EECS
berkeleytime.com down?
What's the most fun class you've taken at Cal?
Despite the loss to Utah, California remains ranked #23 this week
Two quick football questions...
Where can I inflate a bike tire?
Berkeley is making me more racist and conservative
Cal Athletics on the football game: "What a crazy game. The Bears finished just 6 points behind the nation's #5 team. #CALvsUTAH"
/u/spez (Steve Huffman, reddit co-founder) will give a guest lecture this Tuesday Oct 13th. Sign-up closes Sunday at 5pm.
There's an underscore in /r/berkeley_jerk
Tabletop RPG playtest.
Stream for tonight's game?
Streaming Link to tonight's Cal vs Utah
Schedule Conflicts for Phys 130 or 139 or 141A and Chemistry Labs? Spring 2016
If you had the chance to go back freshman year and do it all over again, what would you do differently?
Utah fan tries mocking Marshawn Lynch, ends poorly
Do Berkeley cyclists even know how to bicycle?
A game of Jugger with the Berkeley Riot
CalHacks MTG?
Math 10A
Had a great experience
USA vs. MEX game 10/10
Clarise Compton: How's your transition? Horror stories of transferring, debunked. "We are making our way, just as all students do. But we still wonder: How do we destigmatize the nontraditional avenues of education at a school where the force of tradition is so ubiquitous?"
Zion Barrios: "Nine UC Berkeley undergraduates and I gathered in a lecture room at the Goldman School of Public Policy to debate the subject of jus soli birthright citizenship — a principle enshrined in the 14th Amendment, which grants legal status to all persons born in sovereign U.S. territory."
Robert Reich endorsed former Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner this week in next year's 9th State Senate District race. Skinner, D-Berkeley, is vying with former Assemblyman Sandre Swanson, D-Alameda, in this race – two labor-backed liberals with no daylight between them on most notable issues.
Mary-Ellis Adams, the coordinator for English in Action at the YWCA at 2600 Bancroft Way: Bicyclists in Berkeley must respect rules. "Twice in one week I was crossing intersections south of campus in the busy early afternoon when a cyclist whizzed through, endangering and unnerving pedestrians."
Where can I get chicken pot pie? RIGHT NOW
Do any Grocery Stores in the area have Peanut grinding machines (besides whole foods)?
How to find a tutor?
Berkeley PD is investigating a suspicious bag on the 2300 block of Shattuck Avenue
Friday Night in SLC: CTR (Cal's the Right)
How much legal protection does this circle offer?
Bear Pissing On Tree
Cock.
Bear Pissing On Tree
Famous Berkeley Astronomer Violated Sexual Harassment Policies Over Many Years, University Investigation Finds
Manageable schedule for spring 2016?
Math 55/CS70 advice
[X-Post from /r/IamA] I'm Robert Reich, former Secretary of Labor, author of SAVING CAPITALISM, and professor of public policy at Berkeley. AMA.
The Sciences Po and UC Berkeley Dual Degree Program will be offered in fall 2016 by UC Berkeley's College of Letters and Science to incoming freshmen only who will spend their first two years studying at France's leading university in the social sciences and their last two years at Berkeley.
On Oct. 18, Shattuck Avenue will be closed to all automobile traffic from Rose Street to Haste Street. Power shifts from car traffic to people traffic for the fourth annual Sunday Streets Berkeley.
In the 2016 "Best Global Universities Rankings" from U.S. News &amp; World Report, UC Berkeley placed third in the world, behind only Harvard and MIT. Stanford placed fourth.
Berkeley's soda tax boosts retail prices of sugary drinks, study in the American Journal of Public Health confirms. Soft drink prices increased by about seven-tenths of a cent more per ounce than in other cities, meaning that about 70 percent of the tax was passed through to the retail price.
Amazon will open 'pick-up' centers at three more universities including University of California at Berkeley. The program, Campus Pick-up Point, premiered in February as a convenience for students who live in dorms or apartments, where receiving packages can be difficult.
Withdrew from Cal ~2.5 years ago. How do I get access to my transcript?
I am Guy Fieri, AMA
Join "carrot" for the semi-official /r/berkeley chat group! Remember that subreddit rules still apply in this specific group.
Operation Unjerk
Redox Reactions B)
Math53 and CS61B Conflict!
If I end up with a C or B- in chem 4a, how screwed am I?
STI testing at Tang Center
EECS/CS Undergrad Advising
Premed Advising
Statewide public rail transit report published by the UC Berkeley School of Law's Center for Law, Energy and Environment gives Downtown Berkeley BART station 'A'
Anthony Durant, the suspect in fatal Tuesday night shooting of 24-year-old Stockton resident Christian Sheppard, was the same man arrested in a 2014 double shooting.
Building a Prison-to-School Pipeline: UC Berkeley's Underground Scholars Initiative helps formerly incarcerated students succeed through community and an end to secrecy.
Amoeba Music Hoping to Add Marijuana Dispensary to Berkeley Store on Telegraph Avenue
Professor Coward apparently being let go.
Share your experiences learning from particular math professors at Berkeley
Send love and money to Chancellor Dirks' new expensive home security project
Police make arrest in fatal shooting of 24-year-old
Are Star QB Jared Goff and Cal About to Break Through?
Taking CS70 and 61b concurrently?
LGBT at Berkeley?
UCLA is jealous of our commencement speaker
For those in CS61B right now
[rant] Berkeley Family Housing fills *family* University Village housing with single students
Average engineering GPA?
Best place to watch the Cal @ Utah game this Saturday? Where do most students go?
How do you guys get your groceries?
EECS/CS: how many techs do you take per semester?
Is there a class I can take to learn sign language?
Just looking for someone to talk to. Would the free Tang Center counseling sessions be good for that?
Cal makes it to World Star's comment section
The $20 million fund unveiled by a top California university last month to endow scholarships for African-American students and to hire diverse faculty is just the latest attempt to get around a state law barring schools from using racial preferences in admissions, according to critics.
Catalog Descriptions
FREE Italian Film Screening TOMORROW NIGHT (10/7, 150 GSPP, 8PM): Song'e Napule (2013)
Twyla Tharp's 50th anniversary tour comes to Berkeley Oct. 16-18 at Zellerbach Hall
The 2015 Intersect Conference is making its debut this Saturday to discuss campus climate. The conference is open to students, faculty and staff who are interested in examining their own identities as well as brainstorming strategies to foster a campus culture where everyone feels respected.
Thousands of alumni and parents brought a festive air — and oceans of blue and gold — to the Berkeley campus this weekend in honor of Homecoming and the Campanile's 100th birthday.
Former RA and current ASUC Senator Aanchal Chugh: Resident assistants are overworked, undercompensated. "The first red flag was when I realized I was working a lot more than the roughly 19 hours per week outlined in my job contract."
15 minute Academic Integrity Survey With a Chance to Win a Grand Prize!
Econ 141
CS61B labs and discussion optional?
U.S. News Unveils Second Annual Best Global Universities Rankings... 'Berkley' ranked 3rd!
Interested in living in the co-ops? Read this!
Calling all Canadians, and political nerds of all nationalities: Canadian Election Extravaganza Oct 19 &amp; 20
[Opportunity!]
Journalist Thomas Peele on Laurie Capitelli: "After telling this newspaper last week that he worked as Meehan's agent and split a 2.5 percent commission with another agent in his office, Capitelli's statement now claims the money was a consulting fee and that he did no direct work on the deal."
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: Sex after rape. As a high school freshman, Romine was raped at the corner of the high school elevator by a 17-year-old boy.
Letter of Recommendation - When?
Anyone take Organic Chemistry II?
Isaiah Gardea, 22, a convicted felon, will enter a plea this week after he kicked his way into a home in Berkeley on Sept. 21, struck a woman in the chest and threatened to shoot a man inside, then fired a handgun into the air after leaving the apartment. A 14-year-old girl was also present.
Councilmember Lori Droste is hoping to encourage developers to build more affordable housing in the city by allowing them to construct fewer parking spaces in new buildings. It costs roughly $1 million to construct twenty parking spaces — money that could be dedicated to affordable housing.
College students' budgets contribute to closing of Berkeley clothing stores. The Berkeley branch of 2bella, the California apparel company, which opened its doors a year and a half ago on Telegraph Avenue and will close later this month.
Laurie Capitelli said he never served as the real estate agent for Police Chief Michael Meehan's home purchase, contrary to the Bay Area News Group's report. Meehan paid him $5,925 for his advice about whether Berkeley or a homeowner was liable for the upkeep of sewer lines and creek beds.
EECS
Men's Rights Groups at Cal? Men's studies major?
Jared Goff is the all-time passing touchdown leader at Cal. Watch all of his first 65 touchdowns
John DeNero Bernie Sanders Supporter? Taking on Too Big to Fail
On Strike: Ethnic Studies 1969-1999
[IMPORTANT] Where can I find a decent milkshake near campus
Hey Bears. I found your Halloween costume.
CS61A and Math 1B?
Two former employees of Donkey &amp; Goat, Zachary Gomber and Morgan Hall, will face charges in court Tuesday that they allegedly embezzled as much as $70,490 worth of wine from the Berkeley winery.
UCPD's annual security report shows increase in reported sex offenses, robberies. There were 14 reported incidents of dating violence, 33 reported incidents of domestic violence and 38 reported incidents of stalking in the past two years. Sex offenses jumped to 64.
Anyone going to Cal @ Utah?
UC Berkeley calls on corporate sector for funding
Easiest Technical Upper Div
Connectivity Software
MSW Students?
Comparing this sub's activity to other universities. We're #1 in the Pac12, and UC System.
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung:"In the summer, long after my one-sided love affair with Josh Hug had ended, I, in a display of lovesick weakness, Googled him. I stared affectionately at his Facebook pictures, enrapturedly read through his LinkedIn history, pausing to laugh at his playful irreverence."
Dude. You can take your half-assed memes about EECS and Guy Fieri to /r/berkeley_jerk.
Decent / easy classes for spring?
Laurie Capitelli voted to loan Police Chief Michael Meehan $500,000 in public funds to buy a house and later became Meehan's realtor. Capitelli: "I had no clue I'd be representing him. He came to me months later." Capitelli is expected to run for mayor in 2016 when Mayor Tom Bates steps down.
UC worker minimum wage increases to $13 per hour, will increase further to $15 in 2017. This applies to UC employees who work at least 20 hours. The UC system is the first public university system in the United States to implement a minimum wage of $15 voluntarily. California's minimum wage: $9.
How engineers are treated outside of this subreddit
AMA Request: Jared Goff
Early estimates project Cal to go to the Rose Bowl
Transfering to Berkeley from UCSB
Going, going, gone: UC Berkeley's dying grass and why it matters
Following the tragic mass shooting in Oregon, would UC Berkeley be able to handle such a situation?
Didn't somebody on this subreddit create this image of Oski on the throne? If so, you should ask for a photo credit.
WE'RE MOVING UP!! Cal is ranked #23 after defeating Washington State this week!!
How is Everest Properties still in business?
Best park in Berkeley area?
@BERKELEYUNDERGROUND 10-31-15 'YOU JUST PRESS BUTTONS' VOL 2
Full game video
Cal vs Utah is going to be featured on ESPN's College Gameday!
Why so much shitposting?
FUCK YOU ALL
CS188 workload?
Cal defeats Washington State 34-28 to improve to 5-0 this season. #TellTheWholeDamnWorld
Getting into UGBA 103 as a junior CS major?
Anybody here taking POL SCI 179?
How to watch today's game?
Campanile celebration
This was my home — Reflections on the Valley Fire
Selling 2 Cal football tickets for today.
New to this. Whats EECS?
I wanna see Fieri do this at the next commencement
Party people should all go Die
In a move that ethicists call fraught with conflicts and cronyism, City Council member Lawrence Capitelli who voted to give Berkeley police Chief Michael Meehan a $500,000 housing loan from public funds later worked as his real estate agent and took a commission on the chief's purchase of a home.
Monique Lupu, the mental health columnist, on her and her parents' bipolar disorder: "Dad was offering me condoms by the time I was 12. Mom bought my brother porn and a 40 ounce as a rite of passage for his 13th birthday."
Where to watch The Martian?
Petition to merge r/berkeley and r/berkeley_jerk
EECS faculty adviser?
Black Student Union in Daily Cal op-ed: "White supremacy necessitates African American initiative"
UC Berkeley is the No. 1 U.S. public university and 13th overall in the world in the new Times Higher Education's World University Rankings, released Wednesday, September 30, 2015.
Berkeley, A Look Back: UC foreign enrollment touted in 1940. The Berkeley Daily Gazette: "Berkeley ... is truly a mecca for foreign-born students and the 'melting pot'". Among the 57 countries that had sent roughly 500 students were Cuba, Germany, Thailand, Burma, New Zealand, and Guatemala.
Berkeley's Habitot Children's Museum brightens homeless kids' lives with birthday parties. Last year, 15 homeless children had free birthday parties at Habitot. Director Gina Moreland has launched an IndieGoGo campaign that ends November 16 to raise the funds to pay for more parties this year.
Blowjobs at the library.
Where to get guns?
Workers allege 80-hour weeks with no overtime at UC Berkeley sporting events
Cal Bears fans prediction!
Nicholas Dirks: public universities need not choose between access and excellence
Aduro Biotech Inc., led by UC Berkeley biochemist Stephen T. Isaacs, specializes in creating drugs designed to strengthen the immune system to fight off cancer. It did the largest IPO ($119 million) in Berkeley history. It has leased an entire West Berkeley warehouse and will move its labs there.
Anyone know what's going on at Telegraph and Bancroft?
SF BAY AREA DARK R&amp;B HALLOWEEN EVENT
We're back! Berkeley Live Chat [beta]
What are you doing this afternoon? Stop by Dwinelle and take our money. Undergrad Research Fair starts at 4 PM
Name a college known for really smart people...
OK who's got the inside scoop on where to print for free on campus?!
Will the CS Department take E7 for 61A if I want a minor?
Spring schedule is up [says 15, but is 16]
Doable schedule for CS in Spring?
Cal at Sundance Episode 2!
UC Berkeley students, community members and UCSF midwives congregated Tuesday on the steps of Sproul Hall and rallied to express their support for Planned Parenthood. An unidentified religious group of adults was voicing its beliefs against Planned Parenthood as well.
UC Berkeley physics Professor Emeritus Eugene Commins, known for his dedication to cultivating the next generation of physicists, died because of a brief illness Sept. 26. He was 83.
Berkeley mail carrier Jack Karn retires after 38 years today, October 1. For the last 28 years, Jack Karn has driven all around the 94705 zip code, delivering mail to 300 families in the hills. He has climbed up and down stairs, lugged packages, and slopped through rain and traffic.
Parent wants to see a Cal football game. Expected ticket cost / best way to get tickets?
Ugly guys talking/dating with pretty girls? What's going on?
Is it possible to get into UGBA 152 as a non-major?
What happened to the bicycle repair station by Sather Gate?
Students from UC Berkeley showed up in numbers at the City Council Tuesday evening to urge rejection of proposed standards for mini-dorms and group living accommodations that they said would accomplish little positive while stigmatizing students as raucous partygoers and overall troublemakers.
The Alameda County district attorney's office has charged Ligia Latino, a 30-year-old San Francisco woman, with felony identity theft after police say she stole the wallet of a passenger who fell asleep during an Uber ride to Berkeley, then used her credit cards at stores around the Bay Area.
On Monday, campus organization By Any Means Necessary, or BAMN, held a public tribunal in Wheeler Hall in which it discussed its ongoing lawsuit regarding the 2011 Occupy Cal movement. The panel included Yvette Felarca, a former campus graduate student and a current BAMN organizer.
Seniors Citizens' Pot Shop Planned for Berkeley. In an industry dominated by young white males, Berkeley resident Sue Taylor's proposal stands out: a dispensary to be owned and operated by a senior, African-American woman.
How hard is it to get adderall prescription?
I just launched a new line of apparel called FuckStanfurd, please check it out and rep our school with pride! If you have any feedback please feel free to let me know.
Flour &amp; Co. quietly opened Tuesday on University Avenue. It specializes in American-style baked goods such as generously sized cookies, pies, brown butter banana bread, biscuits, maple breakfast bundt cakes and "toasty tarts".
WTF is this wet stuff falling on me
AMA request: /u/Samses94
How to set the curve on an exam? SICK of losing.
[Wallpaper] EECS [2560x1080]
California water fountain, drought edition
Groups including the Berkeley NAACP and UC Berkeley Black Student Union obtained data tracking Berkeley police stops. The data shows disproportionate stops and searches of Blacks and Latinos by Berkeley cops. Blacks are 8.4 percent of Berkeley's population and represented 30.5 percent of all stops.
ASUC officials: "City proposal unreasonably targets students". "We must make clear to City Council that we will not tolerate discrimination and make clear the harm the council will cause in passing this." The proposed ordinance is aimed at limiting gatherings in off-campus student residences.
Bill, Chelsea Clinton to visit campus in April to host 'Clinton Global Initiative University'. CGI U's five focus areas: education, environment and climate change, peace and human rights, poverty alleviation and public health.
Peidong Yang, a UC Berkeley chemist who is trying to capture carbon dioxide from the air and turn it into a sustainable transportation fuel, has been named a MacArthur "genius" Fellow. The 24 new 2015 fellows each will receive $625,000 to use in any way they wish.
Question for IB 117 students
Squirrel Officially Tired of Eating Dining Hall Food
Are the food places in the new student union any good?
Can you Graduate with a D in a Major Requirement?
[Sunday Weekly 6#] Ask your University or housing related questions here!
Cal Football: 2015 Washington Sights &amp; Sounds
Robert Patrick Van Tooke: "I am one of two houseboys in a sorority. I set up the salad bar, prepare trimmings for lunch, wash dishes, mop the floor, and that's about it. In exchange for work, I eat and live there for free."
View from the campenile
How to improve Daily Cal opinion columns
One of my favorite pieces of trivia about the city of Berkeley's layout
/r/UCLA is trying to be danker than us
/r/UCLA is trying to be danker than us
Should I Buy A $55 Student Pass for Watching Men's Basketball?
A live oak tree that fell onto a power line on Golf Course Road in Tilden Sunday prompted a power outage across the park and caused a crash that sent a cyclist to the hospital.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: "Many people — mostly men — tell me that I enjoy sex much more than other females and what a valuable quality that is. ... this implies that there is a hierarchy of sexual worth, which is problematic for many reasons."
Fight on campus (Soda hall)
Visiting from out of town
ASUC SUPERB announces fall 2015 concert lineup: Nightcub (Oct. 10), J. Phlip (Oct. 29), Widowspeak (Nov. 6), Quilt (Nov. 6), Hippie Sabotage (Nov. 13), and Mick Jenkins (Nov. 19)
STEM columnist Albert Hsiung on Northside vs. Southside: "On the one side is where the outgoing and exploratory collectively characterize the collegiate youth. On the other sits a fortress of the mathematically minded, keeping largely to themselves and one another within a self-contained ecosystem."
UC Berkeley psychology professor Lucia Jacobs, along with a team of professors from across the country, received a $6.4 million grant from the National Science Foundation to study how humans and animals process and identify odors.
Daily Cal: "Proposed cell phone ordinance unnecessary and uninformed". The comments section is overwhelmingly negative against the editorial. One commenter: "It is undeniable that my daughter's breast cancer was caused by storing her cell phone in her bra for 5 years, 12 hours per day every day."
Rent video camera?
Parking issues, break-in, homeless nearby, help? (Serious)
Best places for a guy to get a haircut around campus?
Board Gaming Parents of Berkeley; I'm running an event just for you this Friday!
Solution to homeless
Female victim sexually assaulted on UC Berkeley campus
Berkeley’s Ashby BART station re-opens after fatality involving person under a train; expect delays
Do you want to fall in love? ~social experiment looking for volunteers
Majoring in (Pure) Math and Minoring in CS
On Sunday, September 27, 2015, at 11:24 p.m., an attempted armed robbery occurred at the Signpost 21 turnout on Grizzly Peak. The four male student victims were confronted by a male who pulled out a gun and demanded their property. The victims drove away. There were 10 people in three cars.
Photos of Berkeley 50 years ago: Telegraph Avenue with traffic flowing both ways, Joe's Ranch Burgers, the Sather Gate Book Shop, the Bank of America with windows, and the Berkeley Inn. Several demonstrations: the Free Speech Movement, civil rights, and early protests against the Vietnam War.
Where can I get a free student planner?
Why are there so few students on this sub? We need more.
Interracial Dating at Berkeley
Chris Smith, principal in Forty Acres Medical Marijuana Growers Collective, has sued Berkeley and three other dispensaries in federal and state court, alleging the defendants created an illegal monopoly that shut out competitors and drove up costs for patients.
Katherine Boo, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and author, spoke on campus Friday at a panel addressing anti-poverty strategies. Titled "Beyond the Beautiful Forevers: What Works for Tackling Poverty", the panel was a part of the campus's On the Same Page Program, a campuswide reading initiative.
Eclipse over the Campanile
[Senpai] EECS 4 Lyf3 Yo
Jared Goff Passing Records
Is Math 54 generally curved?
Help us fix the Berkeley Housing problem!
Choosing to be homeless, but dependent
student seating for mens basketball games?
Pickup basketball.
Cal is ranked in the AP Top 25 Poll for the first time since 2010 - GO BEARS
WE'RE RANKED! #24, ahead of Oregon and Arizona
Cal Football ranked #22 in the country! Go Bears!
Why do people play 1's at the RSF...
Are CS projects autograded or looked at by a human?
How do I get to the botanical garden without a car?
What's up Berkeley!? Me and my chick (29 and 21) are looking to kick it!
Cal vs. Washington football: The Golden Bears survive another nerve-wracking game, 30–24
About 7 percent of undergraduates (about 1,800) enrolled at UC Berkeley are age 25 and older. Spread across a broad range of majors, they can sometimes find themselves floating alone in a sea of people they no longer fully understand or feel connected to.
The North Branch of the Berkeley Public Library was shuttered Friday morning after officials discovered bedbugs in three different areas of the branch.
A military veteran reportedly having a mental health crisis climbed on top of the metal bear sculpture at the downtown Berkeley BART plaza Saturday sometime prior to 11:15 a.m. and refused to come down. The man, who had a Epiphany, said he wanted to stay on top of the sculpture for 29 days.
TIL Cal hasn't won in Washington since 2005.
Anyone know where to watch the Cal-Washington game online for free?
Stream Cal football online?
Berkeley residents can be passionate about their newspapers
Campus EECS Master Race Student Union Releases Part 1 of their List of Demands
Never change, Berkeley
Never chance, Berkeley
Why don't on-campus jobs respect the latest minimum wage increases in Berkeley? Or when will they?
Question for Berkeley Grad Students
Fastest way to lose my virginity at Cal?
Court lets Berkeley couple build home over environmentalists' objections. Entrepreneurs Mitchell Kapor, founder of Lotus Development Corp., and his wife, Freada Kapor-Klein, want to build a nearly 10,000-square-foot home and 10-car garage on a Rose Street lot where the hill has a 50 percent slope.
Course List not showing up in Telebears ?
UC Berkeley is gaining ground against archrival Stanford University in the startup game. Both are at or near the top in the latest ranking from PitchBook Data of colleges and universities with the most startup founders in the past five years. Berkeley has 536 entrepreneurs who created 468 companies.
At 57 undergraduate alumnae, UC Berkeley has produced the third most VC-funded female startup founders ahead of Harvard and MIT.
The University of California Police Department has announced the arrest of Joseph Barbir, 49, a former Cal employee they say recorded more than 100 people, including two minors, in a restroom earlier this year inside the Unit I residence hall central building at 2650 Durant Ave.
Does anyone know what this is? Found over Strawberry Creek by the Cesar Chavez Center
What happened with the "My weekend, for you" posts?
$19 minimum wage in Berkeley?
What gpa should I be aiming towards in order to be accepted into Berkeley for Engineering (to get my masters)??
Can I retrieve my mail directly from Berkeley's office?
If you're also interested in ideas like anti-aging research, human augmentation, and increasing longevity, join the Cal Transhumanist Society!
Bar Etiquette 101
What are some decent study locations in Berkeley?
This Saturday, there is a 3-hour walk through Oakland's Mountain View Cemetery called "Founders and Faculty of UC Berkeley" by two alumni. Founded in 1863, the cemetery holds the remains of John LeConte, Everett Brown (1898 grad, the first to steal the Stanford Axe), Jane Krom Sather, and Anna Head.
The Intellectual Property and Science division of Thomson Reuters has named UC Berkeley chemistry and molecular and cell biology professor Jennifer Doudna as a citation laureate for her development of the CRISPR-Cas9 genome-editing method.
Campus Black Student Union releases list of updated demands. Two of the demands: the creation of a resource center for black students on campus and the initiation of a $20 million endowment to be used for scholarships for black students.
Jayne Waller, 20, has been charged with two felonies related to an attack with a hammer on a demonstrator taking part in a Black Lives Matter protest in downtown Berkeley in December. The victim had "comminuted zygomatic arch fracture and a fracture to the posterolateral aspect of the left orbit".
"Beat the Clock" and other campus traditions bite the dust at new Bear’s Lair hangout spot. ASUC Executive Vice President Lavanya Jawaharlal: "the new Bear's Lair doesn't encourage the binge drinking that the old bar did."
Rooms on campus with projector/tv
Looking for IRL League of Legends players to share Worlds Hype!
Is TBP worth it?
At about midnight Thursday, September 24, 2014, a sexual assault occurred near Frank Schlessinger Way and Oxford Street on the UC Berkeley campus. The suspects offered to walk the victim to her home and forcibly sexually assaulted the victim.
Cal Football Practice
Hillary Clinton for President!
Bomb explodes on Sproul Hall
I can't believe this happened at Crossroads!
Stanford is better than Berkeley
Stanford is the best!
What happens in every frathouse
What happens in Soda stays in Soda
I hate this subreddit
The Thing I hate most about having roommates...
New website by Berkeley students helps track how full popular cafes are
A new website by Berkeley students lets you track how full your favorite cafes are before you go study
Users show their support for the golden bear on /r/anime
BART wants to improve downtown berkeley station(meetings next week)
Living on the grad student stipend.
How to have sex with an EECS major
Is drug use a given if you want to fit in socially here?
How are midterms going?
How do you guys cope with or overcome loneliness?
Berkeley defends sanctuary status after unanimously passing a resolution opposing a House bill that would punish communities if their officials don't cooperate with ICE. Kriss Worthington: "it's really important that we have a strong, overwhelming show of opposition to these mean-spirited measures."
Shout-out to the UC Berkeley Symphony Orchestra's performance of Tchaikovsky's Symphony No.4 today
Reactions - University of California, Berkeley
U.S. News &amp; World Report: Bay Area College Road Trip to the University of California, Berkeley. 2/3 of students are native Californians, 14% are non-American, 17% admissions rate, 120 majors, 14 colleges and schools, 1,200 student organization, 1,200 student organizations, and 1,232 acres.
Transfer question
Cal calling center
Completing an additional semester after graduating?
Jeremy Lin being told that he should've went to Stanford
What unexpected fee have you struggled to pay for while at Berkeley?
Realistically, what are my chances of being accepted into Cal?
Why UC Berkeley Sucks: You
Berk on College residents! Read this post!!
An open letter to all students at CAL
Retroactive withdrawal 3 years later?
Common Core testing results released Wednesday indicated that the Berkeley Unified School District scored slightly higher than statewide averages, which fell beneath national averages.
Cheryl Davila, was removed from a Berkeley commission last week after she proposed to divest city funds from companies affiliated with the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories. The day before, she received an "ultimatum" from Councilmember Darryl Moore who had appointed her in 2009.
Daniel Rush, the former chair of Berkeley's Medical Cannabis Commission is scheduled to appear in federal court today to face charges connected to his dealings with cannabis dispensaries. He is alleged to have "demanded a well-paid job" from an applicant for Berkeley's fourth dispensary spot.
Berk on College residents! Unhappy there? Read inside.
Cheryl Davila, was removed from a Berkeley commission last week after she proposed to divest city funds from companies affiliated with the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories. The day before, she received an "ultimatum" from Councilmember Darryl Moore who had appointed her in 2009.
CS61A vs CS10
Malia Obama going to Berkeley?
Has there been an increase in black students at Cal?
Advice for an incoming junior?
CS61A Fall 2015 Midterm 1 Statistics
The City of Berkeley's cellphone right to know ordinance, passed in May, largely survived a legal challenge in federal court by the mobile phone industry. Judge Edward Chen ruled that with the exception of the sentence on risk to children, "the City notice is factual and uncontroversial".
Katherine Boo, a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and author of Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity, will be making two appearances this week as part of UC Berkeley's On the Same Page program.
Obituary for Tim Campbell, a 3rd-year UC Berkeley doctoral student who died at 26. Despite his diagnosis, he would ride his bicycle from chemotherapy to class and edit papers while getting chemo treatments.
$1,050,000. That was the median price of a home in Berkeley in the second quarter of 2015 and the first time it sat above the million-dollar mark.
Coloring in the Lines: How Racially Diverse Should Elite Universities Be?
Anybody doing paleo?
How did you guys feel about the Chem 1A midterm?
Rental property scams Berkeley students by cramming 4 people into small room.
Young Woman in Front of Sather Gate - 1911
counterfeit money warning
Different Chem 1a sections?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Taylor Romine: My sexual manifesto
A crowd gathered on Telegraph Avenue on Friday to attend the grand opening of Tacos Sinaloa, Berkeley's newest Mexican restaurant.
Carl Schorske, a professor remembered fondly for his charismatic lectures, dedication to his students and genius in the discipline of history, died Sept. 13 at the age of 100. He was a professor at UC Berkeley from 1960-69, a time characterized by the Free Speech Movement.
Free linux sandbox 2 Cores, 4G RAM, 10G SSD, check it out :D
Cal messes with Texas: Hard Knocks-style highlights
The Campanile - 1915
Failed CS70 midterm, now depressed.
Question about Cal archery
holy fuck it's hot
Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich yesterday apologized for a Facebook post that 'inadvertently' pulled quotes and chunks of original writing from a story written by Gawker's Hamilton Nolan summing up an address by presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders at Liberty University earlier this week.
Black Cop, White Cop: What can two Berkeley police from the century before tell us about race relations in America today?
Berkeley man Mike Vegas found $1,300 in Domino's delivery box and returned it. Now, the pizza chain is repaying him with a year's worth of free pies.
Albert Hsiung writes the Monday column on STEM student culture: "The honeyed praise layered and heaped upon CS 61A — the amazing, magical course that everyone at UC Berkeley should take — tells me that students yearn to love the course too much to linger on its faults."
Math H104 - Need help finding homework assignment due tomorrow. Website seems to not exist.
The football punt that decided our weekend victory
Unofficial Transcripts?
Northwestern coach Pat Fitzgerald, Texas fans forget Cal is good at academics
Victory Point Cafe, a board game cafe that was posted about several months ago, appears to be open!
Best place to sleep on campus?
On Friday, September 18, 2015, at approximately 2:52 p.m. BPD responded to a report of a strong arm robbery which in the area of Hearst Avenue and La Loma Avenue. The victim was walking with cash in his hands, when a silver Cadillac stopped. The passenger stepped out, taking cash from the victim.
Participate in Dropbox Campus Cup to get more Dropbox space for everyone~
Anyone been to an away football game?
Does anyone have experience with Tang Center counseling to develop social skills?
the rodge was the greatest
Math 54 Question
Looking for a web developer
TIL VLSB has an 'angry bees' alarm system
Where can I find gold digger students at Berkeley?
Someone just broke into my aparment!!!!!
I had sex last night
CS Scholars question
Jared Goff: Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck
Chem 1a midterm tomorrow - and advice?
Looking for advice on extension certificate in Marketing from UC Berkeley
Anybody got a gif with the longhorns celebrating on the sideline while the PAT was going on?
Third-year Computer Science PhD student Timothy (Tim) Campbell passed away Tuesday, September 15, 2015, after a long battle with cancer. He was an active member of the Berkeley Human Computer Interaction (HCI) research community and was advised by Professor Eric Paulos.
Berkeley beats the Texas Longhorns for the first time with a 45-44 win.
Cal Athletics announced Saturday morning that junior guard Mercedes Jefflo has been dismissed from the women's basketball team.
Can someone please make a gif of the texas player running to the side line and pretending to fall down?
Professor Alex Filippenko's AMA on /r/Space
Scientists at the Berkeley Lab and UC Berkeley have created an invisibility cloak fit for Harry Potter – if the boy wizard were smaller than a grain of sand. It successfully concealed microscopic 3D objects from detection in visible light.
Robert Reich in NY Times: "Big Tech Has Become Way Too Powerful". "While many on this side of the Atlantic believe Europe is taking on these tech giants because they're American, another possible explanation is that Google, Amazon and Apple lack as much political clout in Europe as they have here."
Links to watch Texas v. California Online?
Does Berkeley allow an undeclared major for international candidates?
Free Sex at Berkeley?
Can somebody pay my tuition for me
I'm the guy who pulled the fire alarm during the CS61A midterm, AMA!
Everything Berkeley may be down, but...
Trying to get in...
Fire in campus data center. Tons of stuff down.
Amid growing public concern about issues of anti-Semitism and free speech, the UC Board of Regents Committee on Educational Policy has decided to rewrite its proposed Statement of Principles Against Intolerance.
The city "felt the Bern" on Thursday evening, as more than 50 ralliers for Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders marched through the streets of Downtown Berkeley. A small contingent of Berkeley College Republicans approached and chanted, "Don't believe the B.S."
Berkeley has become the first university in the United States to publish a set of transparency reports that detail government requests for student, faculty, and staff data. On average, Berkeley processes 39 non-consensual requests from government, law-enforcement, or internal investigations a year.
Cheryl Davila, a member of Berkeley's Human Welfare and Community Action Commission, was told Wednesday that she had been fired moments before the body was to debate and vote on her proposed resolution calling for divestment from companies that profit from the occupation of Palestinian territories.
Berkeley schools, and the local school community, are on alert after reports of two separate attempted abductions Friday morning as students made their way to classes at Willard Middle School on 2425 Stuart St.
Is AirBears2 still down for most people?
no longer able to login to berkeley email... wtf?
Did anyone speak with Ford at the career fair?
Petition to Make Fieri RSF Gym Leader
Any good vocal coaches in the area?
Live Chat Room for Berkeley
1-2 credit courses that I can add right now
Students who took CS61A midterm interrupted by fire alarm will have to retake the exam
Yo guys I need your help! Does a full version of this video exist? If so where can I find it?
To the girl I catfished on tinder...
Any NE Patriots fans in the area?
Attention CS61A: Burn the CS61A Cheaters. Leave not a single one alive.
Donald Trump's Hairpiece to speak at Berkeley Forum
Adding IB 117 late
Swimming on campus
The East Bay Regional Park District has just closed Lake Anza, in Tilden Regional Park, to swimming due to high levels of toxic algae, which can be fatal for dogs. Three dogs died earlier this year after drinking from water at Lake Chabot, where toxic algae has been present for more than a year.
Police have arrested Covan VanHook, a 22-year-old San Pablo man, in connection with an August 29 robbery at Pharmaca on Solano Avenue. VanHook was part of a trio arrested in Hayward after an armed robbery in April 2014 at a 7-11 store there.
Emmy Awards will spotlight Berkeley native Andy Samberg
The Center for Race and Gender will be moved to the vice chancellor for equity and inclusion's office from the executive vice chancellor and provost's office — a decision that some feel is a demotion. A letter opposing the decision has gained more than 250 signatures since it was sent Sunday.
Anant pls
[Video] Justin Forsett Tours Former Cal Home
Professor change and new syllabus?
Somewhat decent bathrooms on campus?
University of California considering recognizing a “right” to be “free from … expressions of intolerance”
How much do ECs really matter for admissions, with good test scores?
Is there a way to unsubscribe from the Dirks and the Vice Chancellor Emails?
Best food delivery places in Berkeley?
Possible Cheating on CS61A Midterm 1
Help make America Great Again!
The Berkeley City Council voted to place new restrictions on the sale of flavored tobacco and e-cigarette products within 600 feet of a school Tuesday night and moved forward with plans to raise the minimum age to purchase tobacco to 21 years old.
Berkeley Forum: Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson approached demonstrators hoping to discuss their deportation concerns, but they refused to speak with him. An audience member interrupted the secretary, and after a few minutes was escorted out, along with two other demonstrators.
North California fires spark concern among Berkeley residents, emergency responders. UC Berkeley sophomore Hannah Cooper is anxiously waiting for the Butte fire to spare her community. Her younger siblings were evacuated from their school because of the smoke. 35% of the fire contained after 5 days.
Berkeley council puts off $19 minimum wage vote to Nov. 10. One speaker: Rents have increased $400-$1,000 in the past year, forcing local residents to crowd 6-8 tenants into units to afford them. Another speaker: She was about to close one of her businesses due to increasing costs related to labor.
Advice for upper division math courses
Looking to buy an eighth of weed. Have the cash. In Berkeley.
What are some things that you didn't think to buy until you needed them?
Looking to buy lunch for 100 people for under $300. Any suggestions?
Four out of five Texas linemen missing their assignments in a single play, set to the can can
Is elecTONIC still a thing?
Any IB Majors want to study? (1b, 117,131)
Today's groceries (from r/rickandmorty)
CalSol vs FSAE for undeclared engineering student?
Why is it an issue to post crime PSAs on the Free and For Sale page?
How I Got My Job At Apple
How late can you change to CS?
I dropped my Cal1 Card in the elevator shaft in the Res Hall office. Is there anyway for me to get it back? I got a new one made but I don't have the heart to pay for a new AC transit pass. Please HELP! Please please!
Cal kid's amusing sketch about a rubick's cube competition.
Great sunset tonight
BART responds to overcrowding by increasing number of train cars, hours of operation. This is the first major schedule change in several years.
Albert Sukoff: "Outdated, illogical policies exacerbate housing problem." "Berkeley faces a severe housing affordability crunch. This can be attributed, in large part, to three factors: finite supply, a desirable city and location and the strength of the regional economy."
On Tuesday afternoon, the New England Patriots announced that former Cal wide receiver Chris Harper has been released from the team. The 5-foot-11-inch and 185-pound rookie was signed as a free agent by the Patriots in May after going undrafted.
UC Berkeley performs well across almost all metrics in the White House's College Scorecard: Our in-state attendance cost is below the national average, while the graduation rate is at 91 percent, eclipsing the national average of 44 percent. Graduates earn about $30,000 above the national average.
Tilden's Jewel Lake in Berkeley reduced to a puddle because of California's prolonged drought.
UC Berkeley Alum Releases A Poignant, Honest (and funny) Look At American University System
Average test grade on Math 54 midterms/finals?
Shut up and take our money: undergrad funding from Institute of International Studies (IIS) and Canadian Studies
Fuck Subway
Obama on liberal college students who want to be "coddled": "That’s not the way we learn"
Transfer Questions
DECLASSIFY 28 PAGES ON FOREIGN GOVERNMENT FINANCING OF THE 9/11 HIJACKERS | We the People: Your Voice in Our Government
Any tabletop photographers around in Berkeley today that'd like to help out a small start up?
Tonight - Berkeley potluck show with redditors and couchsurfers
Anyone like pop punk and want to go see knuckle puck and seaway with me?
Any classes to add this late?
Nude Model Class at Berkeley (SERIOUS question)
Sex in the Library
Destiny on Xbox One
UC Berkeley Student Group Classroom Request Signatory Valid Phone Number Format
Any good Berkeley coffee shops that open super early?
Agent Quiz
"The Rugby Player" is an award-winning documentary about 9/11 hero Mark Bingham, a UC Berkeley graduate and gay athlete from Los Gatos. Bingham was one of the brave passengers on United Airlines Flight 93 who stormed the cockpit and helped to save countless lives by sacrificing his own.
Berkeley chef and local food activist Alice Waters was honored by President Barack Obama at the White House as a recipient of a National Humanities Medal on Thursday.
CNN: Meet the most powerful woman in the world, former Haas professor and Federal Reserve leader Janet Yellen
Berkeley law professor Molly Shaffer Van Houweling set a new women's UCI hour record Saturday night in Aguascalientes, Mexico. She rode 46.273 kilometers in 60 minutes on the high-altitude track.
Tuesday night, the Berkeley City Council is set to consider a new proposal to increase the city's minimum wage to $19 by 2020.
Skipping CS Prereqs
What happens if I don't pay finances due?
Cal vs. Texas in Austin this Saturday. 2 extra tickets in section 18 (visiting team section).
PSA: Don't feed the troll.
just thinking about my gpa makes me want to kill myself
Naked Run Spring 2015
Use promo code "jchen" to get 10% off your SpoonRocket meal today!
Is joining UPE worth it?
Lily Robotics, Maker Of Self-Flying Drones and founded by two UC Berkeley undergrads, Seeking To Raise $15.5 Million At $100 Million Valuation
Looking for CS61AS tutor
Need some time for family emergency (Valley Fire)
Have any spring transfers signed up for Calso?
Where do people get quarters for laundry?
Where can I get this EECS hoodie?
On campus pianos?
Which places at Berkeley can withstand a nuclear attack?
Best place to see Donald Trump and Republican Debate Wednesday?
What happened to /r/berkeleyjerk?
Environment Diagrams
How Berkeley is different from private schools like Stanford and Harvard. Evan J. Mandery: "In my seven years as a student and teaching fellow at Harvard, I never knew of anyone who was denied an extension for any reason."
The University of California announced Thursday that it has launched a new website that streamlines information on student-veteran services. Student-veterans' numbers have more than doubled since 2008 to 1,750 undergraduate and 450 graduate student-veterans or students on active duty.
Does anyone here go to the RSF often and is a gym junkie?
Watch out for "Berkeley Meditation" on Telegraph. It's a Korean cult called Maum that solicits $150 monthly to buy into their BS philosophy.
Berkeley's College Scorecard in a website unveiled by the White House on Saturday. Typical debt: $14,667. Average salary: $62,700. Graduation rate: 91%.
Does anyone have a PDF of Physics 7B workbook by Hedman?
Connor Grubaugh: Hijacked: Un-education in the modern American university. Misguided student activism like the blockade of Sather Gate in April and the disruption of a panel discussion featuring Chancellor Nicholas Dirks in May.
Easy way to donate clothes?
How hard is Chemical Engineering?
ayyy #2 in Partying. 56.8% smoke pot. Fuck Stanford
Best place to get a haircut near campus?
The new Bear's Lair fucking sucks.
Any place around campus that televises NFL games?
Question about Courses (MechE)
We have the best record in a Pac-12 North. Just thought you'd like to know. (KING IN THE NORTH)
Aspiring Berkeley Student.
University of California Sells $200 Million Fossil Fuel Holdings
Zellerbach Student Tix: Do they scan student ID at the door?
He was sleeping in this position for 5 hours this morning in soda
Astro 7A with Mariska Kriek
Cal beats San Diego State 35-7 to start season 2-0
Microaggressions and the Rise of Victimhood Culture - The Atlantic
Kinda Urgent: Need a suit jacket/pants by tomorrow
Stream for today's game (requesting)
berkeley_irl
How are business fraternity kids nowadays?
me irl
Petition to Bring 'Beat the Clock' back to Bear's Lair
Quiet rooms around campus for interviews?
Petition to bring Bring 'Beat the Clock' back to Bear's Lair
Mentor a High School Student Who Needs Help to Graduate!
Kind request: delete this subreddit
The new Bear's Lair feels like the Star Wars prequels in bar form
Camille Jetta on sorority recruitment: "imagine dozens of 18-year-old doe-eyed girls walking up the polished steps of each sorority, wobbling in their too-tall high heels just to play beer pong." How can "every girl feel more herself and not end each day with a million blisters and a headache"?
UC Berkeley student Nour Coudsi: "This past summer, I spent a couple of weeks at the Al-Jarahyrie Syrian Refugee camp — one of the worst in its region."
2016 UC Berkeley CS grad contemplates on /r/cscareerquestions whether he should accept $100k/yr total comp offer from the company he interned at. The offer deadline is in two weeks and he's currently interviewing with Google and Microsoft.
Nightmares and Hallucinations of Paul Hilfinger
What happened in the music library at around 12, and what happened near soda at around 4?
Bears fans predictions vs Aztecs fans predictions
Study areas on campus during the weekend+night
it's sanding!
How Cal is developing Jared Goff into the next great NFL quarterback hope
Quick actual EECS question
Rigel Robinson and John Paraskevopoulos are co-founders of UC Berkeley Students for Bernie. They wrote: #FeelTheBern. "Supporting Bernie Sanders in the Democratic Primaries this June means bringing a voice to idealism and voting for policy, not politics."
The historic Hotel Durant has been bought for the third time in five years, this time by Chicago real estate investment firm AJ Capital Partners.
UC Berkeley graduate Zuben Rikleen, '14, died last month. He was 23 years old. Remembered for his kindness and his passion for medicine, he graduated with a double major in integrative biology and South Asian studies.
Data shows UC Berkeley housing office miscalculates student rent expense by 42%
How many of you guys use Huckle app?
How many guys heard of Huckleapp?
Where to buy Greek Theatre tickets online?
How many people drop out of Engineering?
Best place to buy Greek Theatre tickets online?
Where are your favorite places on/off campus to dream about Guy Fieri being named your commencement speaker?
US News releases top graduate school rankings, UC Berkeley ranks number 1 in Computer Engineering
The butte fire is burning on Berkeleys water supply
U.S. News ranks UC Berkeley best public college in the nation
A magnitude-2.5 earthquake centered in Berkeley rumbled along the Hayward Fault on Thursday morning at 7:42 a.m., according to the United States Geological Survey.
UC Berkeley memorial service held Wednesday to honor more than 60 campus faculty, staff, emeriti and undergraduate students who died in 2014. Ten undergraduate students died in 2014.
Free Virtual Private Servers, 2 cores, 4G RAM, 10G SSD Storage
Favorite places to study/work on West side of campus?
Best places on/off campus to read?
Alcohol at Cal: Authorities report record arrests, tickets
[Serious] Are there any student organizations campaigning for Bernie Sanders?
Serious Berkeley crime skyrockets in first half of 2015
My friend w/ Aspergers' GoFundMe to raise tuition money for his last semester at Cal. He and his mom have really been struggling. *Please Read*
HILFBOARDDDDDD
Aztecs fans cross over the Bears forum
Melanie Archipley: "My egg donation journey began when I sifted through the advertisements and classifieds of the newspaper you are holding in your hands. ... I had just turned 18 and had taken out about $30,000 in loans to cover my out-of-state tuition. The surrogate mother is currently pregnant."
Come check out our new website! - Persistent programming learning environment on the web :D
Best place to scream loudly at Berkeley
I fully recommend anger baking
Taking an extra semester?
How does Airbears work?
How are premed ECs at berkeley?
3-1 win helps Cal women's soccer claim Duke Nike Classic after defying the odds and shocking their top-20-ranked foes. Cal was the first program to score against No. 4 North Carolina this season, ending their 374-minute season-opening shutout streak.
Crime is up in most categories in Berkeley, part of a trend in the Bay Area and nationwide, says the Berkeley police chief, who will deliver a crime report at a Council meeting. Robberies increased by 53 percent in the period, from 108 in the first half of 2014 to 165 the first half of this year.
Police arrested three teenagers (ages 15, 15, and 16) from Richmond after a robbery and assault. Location: near downtown Berkeley BART station, at Shattuck Avenue and Center Street. Time: 8:40 p.m. Monday night. 174 robberies in Berkeley over the past six months and six so far this month.
For the 18th straight year, UC Berkeley has been named the nation's top public university by U.S. News &amp; World Report, with UCLA and Virginia placing second and third respectively.
Talk about our insecurity against Stanford...
How do people manage to get jobs from career fairs?
Back to elementary school
Looking for CS/EECS people to help fix an app
FREE Italian Film Screening TONIGHT (9/9, 101 Morgan, 8PM): SCUSATE SE ESISTO!
How do people bring their lunches?
Software Eng. Internships
And it's only 10am...
And it's only 10am...
Throwback Tuesday: Berkeley welcomed 75 Hurricane Katrina-displaced college students. 10 years ago, they began arriving at UC Berkeley, many with only the clothes on their backs. They continued their studies here for a semester, until their schools reopened.
The Lasker Foundation today awarded its 2015 Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award to James Allison, an immunologist who conducted groundbreaking research in UC Berkeley's Cancer Research Laboratory in the 1990s that led to a new way to harness the immune system to treat cancer.
How UC Berkeley plans to take on Stanford in big startup game: Berkeley has run a distant second to archrival Stanford as a startup hub, but a new entrepreneurial culture is taking hold across the campus. It's starting to show results — and is attracting notice, even in Stanford's backyard.
Quick, Berkeley! Post your dank memes here before they're stolen by USC!
Mods are in soda coding post your eecs
How to leave the library without feeling guilty?
Installing comcast in apartment
Doctoral student David Kurz: "Hypocrisy of UC Berkeley liberalism is unacceptable". Prof: "I don't want people who are going to disagree with me all semester." Kurz: "I thought a university was an environment in which multiple viewpoints and debates were encouraged." Prof: "Not in this classroom."
Cal grads just developed Berkeley's first location-based feed. Thoughts?
Students Allowed in Faculty Bar?
Note to self: Never use bathrooms at People's Park
Note to self: Never use bathrooms at People's Park
Questions about Chem 1A
CS 161 and 194-15
On Sunday, September 7, 2015 at 4:50 p.m. UCPD officers arrested a guy videotaping a male using the men's restroom on the lower level of the MLK Student Union Building. The victim noticed someone reaching underneath the stall holding a smart phone. The suspect had drilled a hole in the stall wall.
The Story behind The REFERRAL NETWORK
PSA: EECS Career Fair, Wednesday, September 9, 2015, 12pm-4pm, at MLK Jr. Student Union, Pauley Ballroom, 3rd floor
/r/USC gets jealous of our dank memes
What are some good threading/waxing salons nearby?
/r/USC is jealous of our dank memes
How long does it take to get on the degree list?
Berkeley Forum: Jeh Johnson, the fourth Secretary of Homeland Security of the United States, will speak at Chevron Auditorium on Tuesday, September 15, 2015, at 6:00 p.m. Free for Berkeley students, staff, and faculty. General admission: $15.00 with a fee of $1.82.
County officials identified a body found at Tilden Regional Park on Aug. 28 as 23-year-old Zuben Rikleen, who graduated from UC Berkeley in 2014 and lived in Richmond.
Racism at Cal common? How to deal with it?
Question regarding Physics Major
Can UCPD be trusted?
Alumni Referrals
What happened to Occuhunt and is there a new alternative?
A team of UC Berkeley engineers led by campus EECS professor Connie Chang-Hasnain invented a 3-D imaging technique that could make self-driving cars, remote sensors and a host of other technologies much more accessible to consumers.
TIFU by trying not to be a needy guest at Berkeley Thai House
How to stop getting distracted by Reddit, Youtube, corporate propaganda, porn, etc.?
Person waving around gun on Greek row
What does r/Berkeley think of Rally Comm?
Getting rid of spare carboard/metal/wood?
Does anyone know if transfer students that transferred in Spring of 2015 get football season tickets? And how to get them?
What is the name of the backup band in Lil B's "California Boy?"
UC Student Association (UCSA) President Kevin Sabo: "The UCSA is proposing 'SAGE,' an opt-out fee that students can choose to pay to the UCSA rather than paying their advocacy fee to student governments, which then decide whether to give it to the statewide organization representing them."
Recommend me a cheap salon or cosmetology school to color/dye hair?
For those who missed it, the Grambling marching band performance at Cal
What happen to our letters of req after 5 years?
I will pay $7 and buy you Quickly's if you print for me.
Former Cal wide receiver Chris Harper makes New England Patriots' roster. Harper decided not to return for his senior season at Cal to enter the 2015 NFL Draft.
Apartment Cooking: what are the necessary "staples" of cooking?
A non-profit Cal to replace Career Fairs &amp; Callisto
A non-profit by al alumni to make recruiting less of a headache for Cal students
Warning: seizure alert
Cal Football 2015: The Season Begins Pump-up Video
Gays at Berkeley?
Why is everybody at Cal better than me? How to deal with it?
Places to study on Labor Day?
Rejected from Ruby on Rails decal??
Renter's Insurance
Professor Qiu- Physics 112
Best dorm delivery services?
Samson Mataraso, a UC Berkeley freshman studying bioengineering: "Administration must take active role in student safety" after at least four robberies his first week at Cal. "No one on this campus wants to hear a future Nobel Laureate say, 'I didn’t go to Berkeley because it was too dangerous.'"
Anyone taken history 106a?
Cheapest foods around Berkeley?
How much authority does library security have over me?
Sovereign Citizen from Berkeley, CA
How many units is too much/too little?
Where is the new Bear's Lair going to be?
Student manager for basketball/football?
Is this suicide? CS70, 61B and 61C in one semester
Help finding a class to add
Popular clubs/bars around Berkeley?
EECS
Earn $5 for playing with an iPhone app (~30 mins)
The recent discrimination against thieves in Berkeley
Carpool/Transporation to LLNL?
workload of the Rails decal
Cal stomps Grambling State with a 73-16 victory in the season-opening game.
MajorSwag.com - Berkeley Major Shirts Hand Drawn By Berkeley Students
Study Cafes
Private places on/near campus for interviews?
Negative perception in Greek life
Links to watch California vs Grambling State Online?
Friends and I made a soundboard for school. There's even an app for it! Let me know what you think!
HELP! I lost my keys last night.
Sunset last night
How to get legal weed?
Anybody driving to the city tomorrow/Sunday?
I really get anxious when I am here what can I do to stop it?
I don't drink. Where are some cool places to meet some people other than raging loud bars/parties?
Any transhumanists here?
The Golden Boy: Jared Goff, a potential dark horse Heisman candidate, has a lot riding on his shoulders. Wide receivers Bryce Treggs and Ray Hudson enjoy razzing Goff for his taste in pregame music: a combination of Taylor Swift and Katy Perry in the locker room.
How Treating Robots Like Children Is Changing A.I.: Pieter Abbeel's Berkeley lab is teaching a robot to think by making it play with toys.
The Berkeley Entrepreneurs' Expo free and open to the public on Friday, September 11 from noon to 4pm: Invited to learn about SkyDeck, CITRIS Foundry, Sutardja Center for Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology and other innovation incubators and centers, and to meet Berkeley startups that are hiring.
Berkeley Library Director Jeff Scott was not forced out of his job. Rather, he decided to resign after a conversation with the chair of the Board of Library Directors in which they both agreed he was not a "good fit" for the position.
Any transhumanists/posthumanists here?
Anybody selling a Wii Remote / Know how I can join Free and For Sale?
Social places on campus?
Badminton in Cal
Math 55 or CS 70?
MCB upper divisions in 1 year?
Good dry-cleaning places?
Sinaloa taco truck opening first storefront location in Berkeley
Lost Grambling fan found in Berkeley
Can we talk again about how they no longer serve fried foods at GBC?
Four UC Berkeley alumni have been appointed to work with the White House's Council of Economic Advisers. They are Jay Shambaugh, Sandra Black, Laura Giuliano, and Robert Seamans.
Daily Cal: In defense of the Chancellor's fence. Chancellor entitled to security for home on campus.
Does anyone know where to acquire a pdf for the ee40 textbook?
Telebears down
Looking for Hearthstone teammates!
Gameday schedule?
Alice Waters, renowned chef and restaurateur, food activist and UC Berkeley graduate, is one of 10 recipients of 2014 National Humanities Medals, President Obama announced today.
Pharmaca in North Berkeley held up at gunpoint at 5:10 p.m. Saturday at Pharmaca at 1744 Solano Ave., at Ensenada Avenue. Berkeley Police spokeswoman Officer Jennifer Coats declined to release a description of the suspect because she said it could jeopardize the ongoing investigation.
New billiards club headed to downtown Berkeley: Draw Billiard Club will take over the ground-level restaurant space that formerly housed Morgan’s Café, as well as the 7,896-square-foot basement below.
List of places for free tutoring (computer science)?
Anything I should know about simultaneous degrees?
I'm so sick of WordPress, oh my god. Let me pay you to set up my theme.
Chem 1A
Anybody in Music 27?
Looking for a private CS61B tutor. (Will pay).
downloading free adobe software available to berkeley students
Help: My CS 70 GSI is really hot
bSpace guest access
Club recommendations for ChemBio/Premed field?
UC Berkeley pilots data science class: "Foundations of Data Science" — cross-listed as Statistics 94 and Computer Science 94 — combines introductory statistics and computational concepts with hands-on work involving hard data that brings "real-world relevance".
The UC Berkeley African American Initiative — a comprehensive effort to address the underrepresentation and campus climate for African American students, faculty and staff — includes plans for a $20 million endowed scholarship fund, and steps for boosting recruitment and yield for black undergrads.
This Preschool Is for Robots: Brett, a white and gray humanoid with movable arms, looks like a cross between a toaster and a George Foreman grill. Berkeley Robot for the Elimination of Tedious Tasks (Brett) is a project to develop artificial intelligence that lets machines learn the way humans do.
Junior in HS, any advice that could help me get accepted?
Are there any creative writing classes available without submission requirements?
DARS bug?
IM sports question
Eko Devices, a start-up led by three recent Berkeley graduates (Jason Bellet, Connor Landgraf, and Tyler Crouch), received approval from the FDA to market its Eko Core, a digital device that attaches to a conventional stethoscope, wirelessly sending audio/sound wave images to an iPhone application.
Uncharted Ideas Festival (October 16-17): Speakers include Nicholas Dirks, bestselling author Anna Lappé, Alex Kozinski, the most outspoken judge on the Federal bench, Ethan Nadelmann, the nation’s point man for drug policy reform efforts, and historian and sex researcher Alice Dreger.
The Berkeley City Council, set to resume its meetings later this month after summer recess, is exploring a potential move to West Berkeley to the Berkeley Unified School District's meeting room on Bonar Street.
Help bring Guy Fieri to campus by filling out this form
Class of 2015, did you receive your diplomas yet?
How hard is it to date a CS70 GSI? Is it against the code of conduct?
You want seex? i m Angelina I need seex! Please! Help! 767
Would we still have bcourse access after graduation?
Parking for Cal Game 9/5 vs Tigers!
How are upper division MCB classes?
Labor day At Yosemite- crowding/traffic issue?
Sirens on southside near Piedmont this morning?
Tiffany Hsiang and Kiara Lee will join the UC Berkeley campus as confidential care advocates and will operate a 24-hour, 7-days-a-week phone line to provide free services to survivors of sexual assault, including information about resources, rights and reporting options.
Berkeley life in the 60s
Is anybody here in IEOR 185 discussion or IEOR 190A?
Trying my luck here. Any freshmen who aren't interested in going to the football games willing to give up their season tickets?
Trying my luck here. Any freshman who aren't interested in going to the football games willing to give up their season tickets?
Trying my luck here, any freshman who aren't interested in going to the footballs games willing to give up their season tickets?
Celtic Studies 138?
Looking for Continental (European) Portuguese Language Mentor/Tutor
[September 1, 2015 update] Suspects arrested in August 9, 2015, robbery. The suspects arrested are Jack Boston, a Black male, 18 years of age, with a light goatee, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and dark blue jeans and a juvenile Black male, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and dark blue jeans.
Sam Davis, campus professor emeritus of architecture, appointed as retirement liasion. He will provide "assistance in negotiating pre- and post-retirement arrangements" for faculty.
UC Berkeley launches Saudi-funded Philanthropy University
Column "Say it with conviction: it is difficult for you to respect the barista behind the counter with the soiled apron, beat-up sneakers and tired face. As someone pursuing dubious humanities degrees and employed at a coffee shop to pay her rent while she writes on the side, I am a walking cliché."
[International Student] Is it possible for me to attend Berkeley?
Second week of Math 54, already struggling, need any help/tips I can get.
How do I make this girl my friend?
My weekend, for you.
Is it possible to double major in EECS?
Campus computer science program does not compute
Food followup
Student picks up case of Weasels while at UC Berkeley
How does the food at the new ASUC building work?
Are there classes on Labor Day?
When to start looking for summer internships? How to get internship at top companies? CS/EECS
On Tuesday, September 1, 2015 at 12:37 a.m. a UC Officer was dispatched to the 2100 block of Shattuck. A 20 year old woman, affiliation unknown, reported that she was the victim of a sexual battery which had occurred in a university library approximately 10 minutes earlier.
Oakland meetup: Thurs 3 September, Woods Bar, 7:30pm
Berkeley ranks as most expensive college town in US, according to Realtor.com
Alert: UC Berkeley student with measles rode public transportation
Help! Berkeley Consulting Forum for Non-Cal Students?
How to make friends at Cal when you're a non-traditional student?
EECS [Seizure Warning]
2-0 victory gives Cal women's soccer head coach Neil McGuire his 100th win
Fence around chancellor's residence divides opinions. It costs $300,000 to provide round-the-clock security to the home. Student Rosella Bearden, who has coordinated protests in support of gentrification concerns raised by Richmond residents: The chancellor is "drawing a line, literally a barrier."
Forget 'He' Or 'She;' U.S. Universities Asking Students To Use Gender-Inclusive Pronouns. UC Berkeley adopted its own gender neutral language three years ago as well as creating LGBT housing and restrooms.
Forget 'He' Or 'She;' U.S. Universities Asking Students To Use Gender-Inclusive Pronouns. UC Berkeley adopted its own gender neutral language three years ago as well as creating LGBT housing and restrooms.
Berkeley residents may see and hear a low-flying helicopter overhead on Wednesday as part of a federal program focused on measuring radiation levels. The Department of Homeland Security and Department of Energy, including the Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, are partnering on the program.
Jeff Scott resigns as Berkeley library director. Scott's abrupt departure comes in the wake of a controversy over the weeding of books at Berkeley's central library, which has put him on the defensive over the past few weeks. Criticism centered on his management style and his perceived honesty.
Discussion: What major are you in?
From the official Cal Athletics rewards App
When to look for spring housing?
Anyone taken ESP 131 Geochemistry?
Cheapest grocery stores in Berkeley?
Cal police chief Margo Bennett had only herself to blame for stolen gun, experts say. She lost her diamond ring, department gun, badge, laptop, iPad, and cell phone. She wrote: "I feel terrible about the loss of department equipment and I am heartsick over the loss of irreplaceable personal items."
Police are investigating reports of a body found at Tilden Regional Park on Friday afternoon.
A North Berkeley couple was distraught by the death of a fawn near their home on Thursday, and took matters into their own hands after failing to get a prompt response from city of Berkeley staff or officials. They hung the fawn on the fence and posted signs saying "Killed by off-leash dog."
How can I best navigate calapalooza?
From ALS - the top of the hill
Best combinations of stats/CS classes for applied math!
Bouldering club at Berkeley?
KleanKook: My roommate is working on a cool (hot?) project that generates electricity from fire while minimizing harmful particulates and maximizing total heat for the amount of wood used. Check it out!
Google's Self-Driving Car on University Ave. in Berkeley (with Chrome wheels)
It keeps happening: Two students robbed at Dwight Way and College Avenue on Saturday.
Why are so few students in CS? We need way more students in CS classes..
Why are so few people in CS? We need more people taking CS classes.
Why aren't there more students in CS?
Why do people at Berkeley hate Donald Trump?
Startrails at Wheeler
Help me move a few items. $60 / 1 hour
Is Lower Sproul open 24 hours?
Formal apology for that failure of a meetup I couldn't even show up to. I will make it up soon and have the next one be an absolute blast.
In light of recent questions posted here, I suggest that all users of r/Berkeley read this book from the Main Stacks before posting
AirBears2 extremely slow?
MCB 102 Kids, did anyone record or take really good notes of the first lecture?? Please help!!
Co-op vs Fraternity
Is cat6 worth it?
anyone still at the meetup?
Majors?
Yo everyone where you at?
People in my house took all the cars so I can't make it to the meetup. Can someone take over for me and show up early?
Here's a panorama I took up at Lawrence Hall of science yesterday
How much plant stuff do you learn in MCB?
I wrote a chrome extension that replaces "Stanford" with "Stanfurd". Try it out!
Study Aids available?
While the grand opening isn't until fall 2016, work already has begun to revitalize outdated Moffitt Undergraduate Library and create UC Berkeley's first 24-hour library space.
Two-dozen new MasterCard Foundation scholars from Sub-Saharan Africa, are attending Cal this year. Many have survived civil wars and other obstacles. Fanice Mangoja Nyatigo, 19, of Nairobi, Kenya, plans to study bioengineering so she can help advance medical research and practice in her homeland.
Story of Berkeley's Moe's Books comes to big screen
Paul Larson, one of the most versatile football players in Cal history, has been selected as the 21st recipient of the Glenn T. Seaborg Award. He was a member of the Cal squad under head coach Pappy Waldorf from 1951-54.
Quick Question
Anywhere to turn up other than the frats?
Does the H line run on weekends?
when berkeley internet is down
CS 164 without Hilfinger
Is anyone in cs162 and wants to make a pj group?
I'm a freshman and I want you to tell me exactly what to do for the next semester
Any freshmen going to Cal's opening game?
Concerned citizen zip-ties dead animal to park fence to protest leash laws
How to Have a Social Life?
Are there any libraries or cafes with Air Conditioning?
Still got that imposter syndrome? Never Forget
On August 27, 2015 at approximately 5:45 p.m., it was reported to UCPD that a suspect sexually battered several female children between the ages of 9 and 13 while swimming at Strawberry Canyon Pool. The suspect swam up to each victim, grabbed their leg and/or buttocks then swam away.
Great article on Cal's QB, Jared Goff
MCB Majors: Upper Div Courses
Berkeley meetup tomorrow, Saturday the 29th. From 1pm-4pm at Indian Flavors Express. Be there or get banned.
Best place for car sex in berkeley?
Best place to take a dump @ Berkeley?
Anywhere/anyone in or around Berkeley that can repair the joint on my piece??? A guy at venice beach said he could do it for like $25.
Author Robert Silverberg talks about attending scifi cons in Berkeley in the 60s during the Hugo Awards
Taking CS61A and Math 1B Concurrently
Photography Club. Does it exist?
Realtor named Berkeley, California as America's most expensive college town. Berkeley's housing market has soared, similar to the rest of the Bay area, given the tech boom. The current home media price in the area is posted at $849,000.
What happens when you don't pass a P/NP?
Beta Male Seeks Frat
Senior here at Cal...studying abroad this semester...didn't feel like I got the college experience...fear of missing out. :/
Free and For Sale Post criticizes so-called "hyper vigilance and anti-blackness in the Berkeley area" following posts about muggings
Cooking classes at Berkeley?
Wednesday, August 26, 2015 at approximately 10:13 p.m. UCPD received a call regarding a man with a gun near Clark Kerr Campus on Dwight and Hillside. The two victims, UC students, were robbed of their backpacks and contents.
Berkeley police arrested three teenagers with a loaded handgun Monday after receiving a report about a suspicious vehicle "unknown caller". Burglary tools were found in the car. Emauj Malik Roos, 18, a Berkeley High varsity football cornerback and part of Berkeley High’s class of 2015, was arrested.
AMC's new zombie drama "Fear the Walking Dead" is pegged to an LA family with two strikingly different siblings: Nick, a wayward junkie, and his sister Alicia, a brainy teen bound for UC Berkeley. Writers picked Cal over Stanford because they wanted her to land at a "strong West Coast school".
Over 40 people expressed concern about the actions of the Berkeley Library director Jeff Scott at a meeting Wednesday of the Board of Library Trustees. They complained about the aggressive book weeding policy and what they perceive as a hostile working environment and a lack of honesty and trust.
Least math-based Statistics classes in the 150 series?
Spring Transfer. Need a Job.
Your Favorite Student Organizations?
Visiting Berkeley - What should I see?
Math 55 with Rao or CS 70 with Li-Bland
Working student clubs at Cal?
North Reading Room in Doe Library, UC Berkeley
Why don't we have AC?
Any renting resources besides Craigslist to find rentals in Berkeley?
Is there a way to split a PDF with multiple slides into single page PDF?
Is poaching squirrels legal on campus?
Any outdoor boulderers want to climb?
Is the Diversity Workshop mandatory?
Where do I sign up to join the Berkeley Squirrel Fisher's Club?
Renting a bike in Berkeley?
Modern Icelandic gets warm reception as latest Berkeley language
Modern Icelandic gets warm reception as latest Berkeley language
Is E 120(principles of Engineering Economics) worth taking if one plans on taking Econ 101a and 101b as well?
Prof making 250K "asks" students to buy textbook he wrote -BBeet
Does CalVisitor block torrenting/streaming?
Is "Berkeley Goggles" really a thing?
Macro Friendly Meals
Which Frats on Channing Road are rushing?
Top 25 computer science colleges, ranked by alumni earnings by PayScale: UC Berkeley is tied at #2 with Columbia University. Early career median pay is: $96,400. Mid-career median pay: $145,000. UC Santa Barbara is ranked #1. Stanford is ranked #5.
A motion put forward Monday by Councilmember Jesse Arreguin to Berkeley City Council aims to raise the age at which tobacco and electronic cigarettes can legally be purchased to 21 and is intended to reduce the number of minors who smoke.
The vice chancellor's office will ask for an opinion from the Council of Police Chiefs, made of the UC system's 10 police chiefs, to determine whether policies were violated when UC Berkeley police chief Margo Bennett's gun, ammunition, badge and ID card were stolen from an unmarked police vehicle.
Two separate groups of men were robbed at gunpoint early Tuesday morning, police said, with one incident occurring near the intersection of Haste Street and Shattuck Avenue and the other near Telegraph and Ashby avenues.
My weekend, for you.
Where to Read News for Silicon Valley?
Undergrad research
Post college is not fun
How was your first day of classes?
Berkeley 2012 SMART CUP student project being ripped off for a scam.
Where should I go get color film developed for cheap?
UC Berkeley launches minor in food systems studies
Where do you go to torrent?
Classes that post lecture notes online that I can Pass easily without showing up to lecture or discussion?
Parking in fraternities/Sororities/Co-ops
Airbears2 on Linux
SPIRE?
Campus's Haas School of Business sees record-breaking jump in female enrollment in full-time program. The Gender Equity Initiative was established two years ago to increase the percentage of women enrollees from 29%. Last fall, 43% enrolled and this fall 41% are enrolled.
The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights has opened a complaint into possible gender-based discrimination faced by players of the Cal women's field hockey team, which stems from campus’s failure to provide the team with a home field for the past year.
The 14th annual Campus Memorial will take place Wednesday, Sept. 9, from noon to 1 p.m. at the flagpole just west of California Hall. It will honor the memory of UC Berkeley staff, students, faculty, emeriti and retirees who passed away during the last year.
UC Berkeley's vice chancellor's office is looking into whether any applicable codes or policies were violated when the UC Berkeley police chief Margo Bennett's gun, ammunition, badge and ID card, and other items were stolen from an unmarked police vehicle last week
First day of class: Welcome freshman, good luck this semester to all!
Does anyone know if there are regular soccer pick up games?
CS 61a?
Physics 7B Textbook
If I cancel my ResHall housing contract, can I transfer it to a specific person?
[CS] What will happen if I don't attend the first day of class?
I am busting my ass off trying to meet people but nothing is working for me
What does "DSP" stand for?
How hard is it to go to graduate school if you enroll into UC Berkeley for undergraduate?
Cal alum charged for insider trading. Anyone know this guy?
double scheduling CS 70 + another class
UCPD received a report of a sexual assault that occurred on Saturday, August 2, 2015. The victim and the suspect, who she knew as a friend, went to a frat party, a sorority party, and then the suspect's University housing residence. The suspect sexually assaulted the victim by digital penetration.
Buying ALL Cal Bus Passes
Missing a week of classes? Professor leniency?
Cool classes that would be possible to get into now
Looking for a place to stay/apt. to rent
Did the Cal Student Store Amazon Locker move when the store moved?
Do I need calculus for multivariable calculus (math 53)?
Local Law Firm Creates Game That Shows Dangers Of Texting &amp; Driving - The Berkeley Observer
Young Professional Seeking Friends/Advice
Making
Sort of pathetic dating question
What CS class can I get into now as a non-major?
What was you're experience with Berkeley Connect? What was it like?
Stats 134 waitlist
Which CCs in California have the highest transfer rate to UCB?
Where to buy headphones at Berkeley?
Opinion on Berkeley's Film School?
The University of California, Berkeley, is constructing a $400,000 fence around the chancellor's residence in the middle of campus after he raised security concerns about intruders and student protesters. It will be paid for by insurance and the UC Office of the President.
An estimated 3,000 people attended the Berkeley High School All-Class Reunion on Saturday Aug. 22 at San Pablo Park in Berkeley.
Anyone diagnosed with ADHD and taking medication in Berkeley?
UCPD Chief Margo Bennett has gun, badge stolen from car after her car was burglarized Friday morning at Point Isabel Regional Shoreline in Richmond, California.
Berkeley police patrol to increase Southside presence to address party-related complaints. Councilmember Kriss Worthington said priorities should be placed on responding to violent assaults and implementing a foot or bicycle police patrol in the Telegraph Avenue area.
Geography 10 with Kosef
Has anyone else received Jury summons? How do you deal with them?
Attention all students taking CS61C for Fall
Dirks Mic Drop
Anyone free in Berkeley?
Brace yourselves: the Airbears2 posts are coming.
Is convocation mandatory?
Looking for a roommate
Engineering Class for Freshman Year?
licensing bike hours typo??
Tennis?
Berkeley Before and After photos?
The Berkeley Unified School District Board of Education will discuss next week how to accommodate graduating students "left in limbo" after the recent cancellation of the high school exit examination, preventing students from fulfilling requirements allowing them to graduate and enroll in college.
are IEOR classes harder or easier relative to other engineering departments' classes?
Any Bay Area Bernie fans? Come join us @ /r/SFBayAreaForSanders • San Francisco Bay Area for Bernie Sanders
Anybody received their diplomas through the mail yet?
Berkeley police respond to Saturday shooting near San Pablo Avenue after reports of gunshots fired near the intersection of Carleton and Derby streets.
Berkeley Police took one young male into custody following a bicycle theft Sunday afternoon after chasing two suspects through several West Berkeley neighborhoods acting on information supplied by local residents.
UC Berkeley alumnus writes "College Is Not the Best Four Years of Your Life "| VICE |
why is berkeley so cringe?
What a beautiful spot we have at this beautiful school
Are Stanford (software) engineers really better?
Beware: Police Impersonators Near Berkeley. Never pull over
Anyone know why maxwell and witter field are closed right now?
Not the Onion: UCPD chief has badge, loaded gun stolen from car
Anyone else about to be homeless?
SF rent board member who is also Berkeley property manager is scamming students
Where can I buy the cheapest Cal gear?
Mechanical Engineering Major that had all summer to unpack now leaving for Fall Semester
rsf guesting people?
Hiring cycle for rescomp
Cog Sci 127 Without Prior Class Experience or Prerequisites?
IEOR courses questions
RSF free entrance
Uber'ing from Oakland Airport?
How loud does Warring and Channing get during the week?
How to register for Calapalooza?
How to get in?
Switching sections
EPSM Waitlist
Enrolled in incompatible Math 53 Lecture
Where are the best restrooms on campus? serious question lol
Need help moving.. anyone free on the 25th? I'll pay for your help!
Getting a NP and Its Effect on Job Prospects
Meal points distribution
Jacobs Hall, a new campus building for design innovation in engineering, opened its doors at a ribbon-cutting ceremony Thursday afternoon. It was funded entirely by private philanthropy, including a $20 million gift from the Paul and Stacy Jacobs Foundation. Jacobs is executive chairman of Qualcomm.
Staff at UC Berkeley's Hearst Memorial Gymnasium reported Monday a burglary of about $2,000 in computers, according to UCPD spokesperson Lt. Marc DeCoulode.
Hearing in U.S. District Court Thursday on Berkeley cellphone law leans in city's favor. Judge Edward Chen meticulously prodded and poked at the arguments of Theodore Olson, representing the CTIA, and Lawrence Lessig, representing Berkeley.
The North Berkeley BART station was closed briefly Thursday evening after someone reported seeing what appeared to be a live grenade in the station's satellite parking lot on Franklin Street. It was determined to be a toy grenade.
UC Berkeley Students Criticize New Security Fence Around Chancellor's Home: Grad student James Mason says the fence closes a public pathway that many people rely on to get to class.
PSA for Cal Football fans: Golden Bear Day is tomorrow (8/22)
Does degree audit clearance mean that you satisfied all graduation requirement?
i don't want school to begin. what about you guys?
Who wants an early glimpse at Cal basketball (Pac-12 preseason favorites)? Live game replay of Australia exhibition match.
whats apps do people use to find out about what's going on around campus?
Why are stats courses 3 units?
When is my financial aid going to be applied?
What satisfies the American Cultures requirement?
Help my girlfriend and I do science outreach to low-income schools! (xpost /r/Davis)
Bioengineering transfer
Is Math 1a, stat 20, and cs10 too much math for a semester?
Vote for a new bus line between Berkeley and SF
Advice for moving into a triple?
Residential Hall Beds?
Jaylen Brown's stellar start leads Cal men's basketball to 2 wins in Australia
Berkeley undergrads bring the experiences of undocumented immigrants out of the shadows in a new bilingual anthology, Historias de Indocumentados (Stories of the Undocumented). The 13 students are enrolled in a course taught by Spanish lecturer Amelia Barili, the anthology's editor.
Two UC Berkeley alumnae who are doing potentially life-saving research and development have made MIT Technology Review’s 2015 list of "35 Innovators Under 35." Rikky Muller earned her Ph.D in electrical engineering at Berkeley, and Elizabeth Mormino earned her Ph.D. in neuroscience at Berkeley.
Berkeley officials will investigate a city-funded agency that provides services to people with disabilities after Orchid Bakla, a transgender former employee, accused it of fostering a "psychologically tortuous" workplace and violating local laws and contracting procedures.
James Spaulding, one of 1st to teach at UC Berkeley's journalism school, dies at 94
any current students want to make some cash promoting an app made by fellow cal alums this weekend?
If you haven't been to the Botanical Garden -- you should go!
crashing class in fpf?
Winter commencement
asian dudes of berkeley where's a good place for a haircut?
Manual Waitlists
ninjacourses instructor reviews
10 years ago I left Cal one class shy of graduating - where do I start?
C+ in 61bl: no hope for CS major?
uc berkeley foosball?
Reality show "8 to a Room" to be filmed in Berkeley
Comedian, community actors dramatize Berkeley book weeding at protest: The event featured a satirical reenactment of the book removal by comedian Marga Gomez, who impersonated the library director and tossed books into wheelbarrows while "librarian stunt doubles" one by one voiced their opposition.
UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business has inaugurated a new center, the Tusher Center for Management of Intellectual Capital, to promote the school's thought leadership in the field of intellectual capital management.
Transforming UC Berkeley's Bathrooms: The University of California is implementing measures for transgender and gender nonconforming students. All new buildings and existing facilities undergoing "major" renovations will now be required — and budgeted — to include plans for gender-neutral bathrooms.
Berkeley High School grad Owen Krebs coaches Ecuador's first American football team, Lobos De Quito.
Math 53, Math 54, CS 70: doable?
Berkeley Bio BS vs BA
AMA request for /u/jumpingpajamas
Safes for valuable items?
MRW tuition + housing + "fees"
Reverse Culture Shock: Brisbane to Berkeley
Financial aid paid, but now I have a check to pick up?
Got questions about relationships or just want to know someone is listening? The Love Cafe @ Cal
Hiring a recent double-major grad for a SF startup
Caltopia: Good and bad?
Berkeley Premiere! New Mo' Cut: David Peoples' lost film of Moe's Books at the Elmwood
Found this weird note in the berkeley hills. Any idea what it means?
Do you know if Cal Student Store has moved to Sproul? Is it open? Thanks.
Anyone know when financial aid actually gets disbursed?
Tele-BEARS and schedule.berkeley status
North Berkeley Bart Station
Do double majors need to be declared in the same semester?
5th Year Master for L&amp;S CS?
Keep the dream alive.
Any hidden course gems?
clubs that meet mostly on weekends?
FREE $25 credit for Food Delivery from Berkeley Area Restaurants!
Bay Area rock legend Neil Young has announced a West Coast trek, which includes a stop at the Greek Theatre in Berkeley on Oct. 17.
USA Today: UC-Berkeley offers summer class on 'Game of Thrones'. Film 108 is taught by Justin Vaccaro, a Berkeley Ph.D candidate in film and media studies.
9 water pipes rupture in aftermath of East Bay earthquake Monday
At the request of UCPD, campus administration is constructing a fence around the chancellor's campus home, known officially as the University House, in order to reduce the number of officers posted at the residence.
ICE frees Berkeley recycling program director Daniel Maher who had been facing deportation to China
How to receive packages?
finaid refunds???
Community Study Abroad Blog Created by 2 Cal Alums
get PAID to track and reduce your energy use - Ohmconnect
Tiny House will trade money and handyman skills for yard parking
Is the "National Society of Leadership and Success, Sigma Alpha Pi" just a money-suck?
Stats 134 all filled up...
Our favorite cheap eats restaurants around UC Berkeley
EE through L&amp;S CS
Exchange student, lease question
Berkeley parking issues.
Berkeley Beet Author (4.0 Earthquake Post)
New to Cal and want to try out to be the Oski mascot. Anybody know who to contact?
3.5 GPA Scholarship?
Skateboarding lessons?
Berkeley Fire Department receives highest rating for fire suppression efforts
A Cornell-University of Iowa analysis of a soda tax passed last fall by voters in Berkeley, California – the first such city ordinance in the country – found the measure so far has fizzled, raising retail prices for high-calorie sugary drinks by less than half the amount expected.
Campanile bones hold climate-change clues: Like Sleeping Beauty, slumbering in a castle for 100 years, some 20 tons of fossils have spent more than a century in UC Berkeley's bell tower, the Jane K. Sather Campanile.
UC Berkeley is again the top public university in the world and is fourth overall in the 2015 Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), released over the weekend. The global ranking of universities, published by Shanghai Jiao Tong University, focuses on quality of faculty and research.
Do you have to be the person to renewing your registration at the DMV?
4 Math/CS classes
Why do we worship Guy Fieri?
please help our team by filling out this survey!
Has anyone here taken the Music Placement Exam?
Selling Chem 1A Textbook!
Need help with a bad subletter!
A students: How to suppress my libido?
4.0 Earthquake admitted to Berkeley despite few extracurriculars
What's the best way to prepare for cs61b?
Breadth Requirement Recommendations for a CS Major?
how to become the sexiest eecs guy
Getting football tickets from freshmen
Any non-UC Berkeley students here?
Any swimming clubs in UC Berkeley?
Why would a high school student choose Cal over Stanford?
Fieri 2016 has some competition
Getting into CS188
Switch into College of Engineering?
Chartwells, selected to operate restaurants in Lower Sproul Plaza, years ago was alleged by food service workers at Northeastern University of giving them poverty wages without benefits, sick days or vacation days. One worker accused his manager of not calling 911 when he was having a heart attack.
Top 20 Universities in California - UC Berkeley ranked No. 2
Big quake @ 6:50 AM 8/17/2015
Financial Aid Grant Status
Finding out information about clubs/frats/etc?
Michael-David Sasson on the EECS 101 Piazza: "The good news is that 61A is being expanded to be able to accommodate up to 1400 students"
UC Berkeley student Kevin Sabo was elected president of the University of California Student Association Friday. He is a fourth-year transfer student majoring in peace and conflict studies and is a former chair of the UCSA Board of Directors.
Any place blasting air conditioning nearby?
Fellow Bears still without a den and those who have felt the pinch of the housing market in Berkeley, let us come together and set up camp on Memorial Glade to protest the lack of affordable housing!
Are people at Berkeley actually smart?
How does declaring a major in L&amp;S work?
Crews extinguish 1-acre vegetation fire in the Berkeley-Oakland hills Sunday in Tilden Park. The fire's location is close to a 1991 blaze that killed 25 people and destroyed close to 4,000 dwellings after firefighters had believed mistakenly they had put the fire out.
Bearfacts and Telebears not working????!!
Berkeley police are investigating a shooting in the 1300 block of Russell Street early Saturday evening, near the southwest corner of San Pablo Park. While responding to the location, another caller reported a male victim suffering from a gunshot wound in the 1300 block of Russell Street.
Any one have experience living in Raj Properties on 2057 University Ave?
How many AP credits would a freshman need to be considered a sophmore?
Retaking a D or taking a C?
New to Berkeley? If you like games, beer or salsa (or all three), there's a great festival for you going on today
ROIDSBEAR. AMA
Sex Ed at Berkeley
Haven Sexual Assault Online Edu program?
UC Berkeley # 4 University in the World (#1 in "Science") - Academic Ranking of World Universities
Who do you think should be the 2016 spring commencement speaker?
Anyone have a truck or van I can borrow?
Donald Trump Groups at Berkeley
Has anyone here gotten out of depression without meds? Please share your stories
[Sunday Weekly #5] Ask your University or housing related questions here!
When and how do I pay for housing?
What do you NOT like about UC Berkeley?
What are my chances of being accepted?
Anybody have good mattress (online delivery) recommendations?
How is French 3 at Berkeley?
Late Housing for Female - Advice, leads, anything!
National Enquirer: More Sharing ServicesShareShare on twitterShare on facebook Like Print Email to a friend Email to a friend BILL COSBY’S SICKENING ATTACKS BEHIND THE SCENES OF ‘THE COSBY SHOW’
Jasmine Leiser: "I came out through my Daily Californian articles — in terms of my disability, with my first column, and my sexuality, with my second."
A rarely studied breed of tropical octopus, the larger Pacific striped octopus, is gentle with its prey and rough with its sex, according to research published Wednesday by UC Berkeley and California Academy of Sciences researchers.
The Harold Way project gets Landmarks Commission approval in a 6-3 vote from Berkeley's Landmarks Preservation Commission. The 18-story building is set to include 302 residential units, 177 underground parking spots and more than 10,000 square feet of commercial space.
Construction on the corner of Shattuck Square and University Avenue began for the opening of a new Taiwanese bakery and cafe, 85C Bakery Cafe, and is expected to be completed in early September. It will specialize in espresso coffee, flavored beverages, decorative cakes and baked breads.
PSA: Lower Sproul opened today
Does anyone know why telebearsRTC is not working and when it will start working?
Urgent. Late drop form for summer classes
Incoming Freshman question: How do I apply financial aid to a bill?
Questions re financial aid disbursements
Getting advice on grad school?
Question about booklists
R Programming Classes at Berkeley?
Mentor a High School Student Who Needs Help to Graduate!
Paying?
Pickup soccer on weekends?
Anyone else interested in Jacobs Hall?
Where do professors live?
Any clubs to join to meet people?
Late Dropping Class/Late withdrawal
Women's fraternity Alpha Omicron Pi announced Monday that it will no longer recognize UC Berkeley's chapter house as of September 3, 2015.
Ben Brinner has been appointed the new faculty director for UC Berkeley's Center for Jewish Studies. Brinner grew up in Berkeley, but has strong ties to Israel. He is an ethnomusicologist and longtime professor in the music department.
Los Angeles Times op-ed: "For a safer America, curtail traffic stops". Writer Christopher Kutz is a professor of law in the Jurisprudence and Social Policy Program at UC Berkeley Law School.
Former UC Berkeley football player Bernard Hicks, who played for the Golden Bears from 2004 to 2008, sues university on August 3, 2015, for alleged concussion-related medical malpractice. Defendants in the case include Hicks' then-head coach Jeff Tedford.
Robberies in the UC Berkeley campus area increased from 37 in 2011 to 58 in 2013. A tentative crime report for the campus area found that 37 robberies have occurred from January to July 27, 2015, were armed robberies. The armed robbery trend concerns campus, police.
Anyone know if people show up to Maxwell for pick-up games since Underhill is closed now? I want to go but I don't want to walk thirty minutes uphill for it to be closed and no one there.
Rush DSP 2015
TACOS SINALOA IS COMING TO BERKELEY
Is he Three people in one or the holy trinity?
Getting a job on campus without work study?
Berkeley: Trying to solve parking problem!
Where can I buy a GPS holder around campus?
How do I create more than three aliases?
Utah vs Cal (2003) Alex Smith and Aaron Rodgers face off in what was the first game for both of their college careers.
Is there a way to see grade I would have received after taking P/NP class?
This mashup shows what TV writers think of "Berkeley."
Anyone wanna play Burning Wheel? Or something like it?
EE 16A Over Summer?
The city spent more than $12 million to create Berkeley's new municipal animal shelter — a two-story building glossed in yellow paint featuring a controlled climate, an in-house veterinary clinic and new kennels.
Marthe Wold of Cal women's golf claims 1st place at Norwegian Individual Championships
Over 39,000 items have been weeded from Berkeley Public Library this year, far more than the couple of thousand previously cited by Library Director Jeff Scott. The 39,000 items include 13,850 deleted last copies of books.
32-year-old Lecresha Shenete Dudley, an Oakland woman, has been charged with felony identity theft after a Berkeley police search turned up hundreds of fake bank cards, and equipment for making hundreds more, at her home in late July.
Dawn Carraway, 25, a homeless woman, caused non-life-threatening injuries to a 66-year-old Berkeley woman she attacked. She attacked the passer-by in the head without provocation, injured an officer who tried to detain her, and has been arrested in Berkeley for at least the fourth time since March.
English Library in Wheeler Hall
Even though my dreams are crushed year after year, I still get so, so excited for Cal Football every August. Could this be our year?
UC Berkeley Confessions twitter!
Food? Please?
Berkeley listed as top source of Bay Area engineers (followed by USC, Stanford)
Tuition increased by ~$2,400 per semester... compared to 2 years ago
Apparently this urinal is at the Durant Hotel. Petition to install these around campus bathrooms.
Restaraunt's bathroom features Cal logo at bottom of urinals
Tuition increased by ~$2,400 in 2 years...
Good/cheap internet plans for apartment
International student applying, SAT?
Any good, quiet bars that that I can drink a beer and read?
TIL Ben Affleck was born in Berkeley, California
How is CS61A funded during regular semesters?
This Video Mashup Shows What TV Writers Think of “Berkeley” [fixed link]
CS61A Waitlist Chances?
CALIFORNIA - This mashup shows what TV writers think of "Berkeley." [Corrected link]
Attorneys representing 14 people struck by police batons, clubbed, beaten, teargassed, slammed to the ground, fired on with "less lethal" projectiles or arrested during December protests in Berkeley related to the "Black Lives Matter" movement are considering filing a civil claim with the city.
Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley have created a milk bottle cap that can detect when milk has gone bad.
An old car beckons passersby who might be drawn in by the ephemera it holds, or by its green glow after dark, at the entrance of the original UC Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive building on Bancroft.
UC Berkeley Women's Field Hockey Team Still Doesn't Have A Field. Men's teams have gotten replacement fields, but the women's field hockey team has not. The women's field hockey team has to travel more than an hour's drive to play on the turf of rival Stanford University and on the UC Davis campus.
Outside Lands ripped me off for $1390
Chai on Hillegass!
This mashup shows what TV writers think of "Berkeley."
Massage at rsf?
Beer and wifi?
Help some fellow students out by taking this survey on audio quality and enjoyment
UC listed as example in article critical of trigger warnings and accommadating for microagressions
Canadian rugby star Andrew Battaglia returns to CAL in search of another title
Getting into 170
Summer cs61a curve?
12 children and four adults were injured when a bus of Berkeley summer campers rear-ended a Nissan van on westbound Interstate 80 on Monday morning, causing a "chain reaction collision". The bus had 50 children on board, ages 5-15. Several of the students had bloody noses as a result of the crash.
The city of Berkeley has officially launched a new website featuring 17 data sets related to everything from municipal water usage and employee salaries to crime heat maps, energy consumption, restaurant inspections, registered business licenses and much more.
UC Berkeley adopted a new freshman admissions policy in April that will allow the submission of optional letters of recommendation, one from a teacher and the other from anyone else the student chooses. The campus will only accept letters if they are specifically requested by admissions staff.
An attempted armed robbery occurred on Grinnell Pathway north of Alumni House on Sunday, August 9, 2015, at 11:52 p.m. A 21-year-old male student walked past two males when he felt something hard pressed against the back of his head. He turned around and one of the males had pointed a gun at him.
Design Innovation Minor?
Chai on Hillegass!
Financial questions regarding textbooks and loans
Possible subreddit banner for r/berkeley?
Holding packages prior to student arrival?
Free Spaghetti Western Screening WEDNESDAY (8/12, 8PM, 159 Mulford): PER UN PUGNO DI DOLLARI (1964)
Question about units and standing.
Forgot stuff in dorm
Diplomas/Confirming Degrees
Detonations in Berkeley
I'm coming to campus tomorrow but I'm not a student so I don't have access to AirBears. Is there still a way for me to get internet access while I'm on campus through a guest account or something?
Anyone here with a supernode Makerspace membership?
Looking for housing - Fall semester 2015
Question regarding CalGrant/Pell Grant
How to know the chances of getting off the waitlist for a lab (Bio 1B)?
A place to buy electronics?
I turn 24 in February, will I receive more financial aid for the Spring term?
Sorority rush as a rising junior?
How much do the different UCs interact with each other?
Second year, just switched from ChemE to Chembio (premed), what should I take if there aren't R&amp;C classes left?
Transfer to Haas
Where are the best coffee shops near campus?
Mr. Robert Reich, anyone meet him from UC Berkeley? Does he still teach? Attend a lecture?
Anyone currently at the Lindsey sterling concert at the Greek?
Where can I study past 5 p.m.?
Omotayo Olukoya, a black EECS student: "No one sees the color of your skin when you communicate online...[Piazza: one of] the few places I felt comfortable sharing my ideas and questions... I saw so many students with mediocre grades score amazing internships because they knew how to play the game."
The Advocate, the new restaurant from the people behind downtown Berkeley's Comal, opened on Friday Aug. 7, 2015 in the Elmwood neighborhood. The 3,400-square foot space at 2635 Ashby Ave seats 100 comfortably with room for about 14 at the bar.
Physics at Berkeley
How to redeem Middle Class Scholarship?
What is the best meal you've had within 4 blocks of campus?
CS Upper-Div: How Difficult To Get Off Waitlist?
On the Recent Hiring of the Vice Chancellor for "Equity &amp; Inclusion" - What is the University Diversity Scam?
The first four days of the 2015 FINA World Championships have seen several current and former Cal swimmers, such as Missy Franklin and Lauren Boyle, make waves in the pools of Kazan, Russia.
Seven months of emails just to send a transcript down the hall. I know we're famous for bureaucracy but this is just ridiculous.
The machine that put Berkeley on the map: A review of Big Science: Ernest Lawrence and the Invention that Launched the Military-Industrial Complex. Three institutions bear his name: Lawrence Berkeley Lab, Lawrence Livermore Lab, and the Lawrence Hall of Science.
On Friday, August 7th, 2015, at 12:30 a.m., an armed robbery occurred on Spieker Plaza, east of the Haas Pavilion. The victim, a 20-year-old male student, was contacted by two suspects. One suspect displayed a handgun and took the victim's cellular phone and wallet. The suspects fled on foot.
No longer useless: Liberal arts education in a digital age
So this has been asked before, but I was accepted into Princeton and Berkeley, but what's better? CS or EECS? And which school should I accept?
How to become a CS10 Lab Assistant?
When is rush week for Berkeley frats?
Where to find violin or other instrument lessons?
WTF 61A waitlist? 1504 students. 804 spots in the class.
Absolutely all advice is appreciated.
How to Hide in Main Stacks?
Dublin Memorial on Kitteridge outside Library?
Berkeley ranked #4 best college town in the country by Livability
Nabolom Collective Bakery shut down last Sunday because four of the collective's ten members departed over a short period of time. The others felt they could not continue with such a reduced staff. The bakery brought in about $450,000 a year, and the collective members averaged about $10.50 an hour.
Barely used and new pianos, guitars and violins will be for sale to UC Berkeley's faculty and staff as well as the public Aug. 13-16 at the Department of Music's Hertz Auditorium.
Sussex law student Phoebe Holland talks about her year away at UC Berkeley: "The biggest difference between studying in the US and at Sussex is that at American colleges you don't work so independently – the class load is bigger but you're given much more guidance on assignments."
How is it like working at Daily Cal?
Wannabe student has questions.
BicyCAL prices?
Dorm wifi
Need someone to pick up an application for me at an apartment complex, email it to me, I'll fill it out and send it back, and then you turn it in... Will pay with Beer.
Anybody know where to watch the Republican Debates tonight?
UC Berkeley alumnus Kevin Cheung, '13, makes great strides after paralyzing ski accident in March. His family is faced with $800,000 in medical expenses, and father Simon Cheung says he could be forced to file bankruptcy. In May 2014, younger brother Keith Cheung injured in mass shooting near UCSB.
UC Berkeley alumnus Kevin Cheung, '13, makes great strides after paralyzing ski accident in March. His family is faced with $800,000 in medical expenses, and father Simon Cheung says he could be forced to file bankruptcy. In May 2014, younger brother Keith Cheung died in a mass shooting near UCSB.
Squeezed out: The shrinking availability of Berkeley's affordable housing. Sonia Nucino, a Crossroads food service worker, has been looking for a home in Berkeley since 2006. She has a 90-minute commute. In Richmond, she pays $1,400 a month for a two-bedroom apartment. In Berkeley, it costs $2,171.
$700 college application workshops w/ counselors and UC Berkeley Admissions staff, hosted by the Cal Alumni Association: aka how to foster inequality and support legacy admits
What do I need for college?
Plaintiffs in a lawsuit filed in 2011 by BAMN on behalf of 24 demonstrators stemming from the response to the 2011 Occupy Cal protests by UC Berkeley administrators and police are opposing a motion by the defense to reach a resolution without a jury trial.
UC Berkeley, UC San Diego to Lead Development of West Coast Big Data 'Freeway' using use a $5 million grant from the National Science Foundation to establish a high-capacity "freeway" capable of moving data 1,000 times faster than what can be done today on an intercampus shared network.
Carpenters Union Local 713 protests new Berkeley balconies at the new apartment building The Varsity. The group has concerns about "generally deteriorating standards" for construction around the Bay Area.
UC research in 2014 leads to 1,796 inventions, 86 startups. Since 1980, UC startups have received $11 billion in total venture funding.
Heads up to RSF members! Took this pic today
Heads uo to RSF members! Took this pic today
Math 54 with 61a or 61b?
Free Chai on Hillegass!
What are some of the popular clubs here at berkeley?
Any League of Legends fans out there? There's an NA LCS finals viewing party happening 8/23 in SF!
Quick question about taking a class at a community college.
S Lot Parking Permit Questions
FREE Italian Film Screening TONIGHT (8/05, 159 Mulford, 8PM): BIANCO E NERO (2008)
On Tuesday, August 4, 2015 UCPD received a report of a burglary via window smash on the 9th Floor of Evans Hall. Upon arrival UCPD discovered that 9 offices had been broken into and computers had been taken.
Has financial aid been dispersed yet?
Arrived early? Come meet some new friends at our weekly game night right next to campus!
Can you take the same DeCal twice?
What causes people to do poorly in CS?
Can someone give me a rundown of the fraternities at Berkeley?
Econ or Applied mathematics? What would you choose?
When she's not teaching law as a professor at Berkeley or carrying out her duties as associate law dean, Molly Shaffer Van Houweling is most likely on a bike going for a record. On Sept. 12, she will try to break the Union Cycliste Internationale Hour Record, the second woman to try for the record.
UC Berkeley physicists have cooled a gas to the quietest state ever achieved, hoping to detect faint quantum effects lost in the din of colder but noisier fluids.
San Francisco Chronicle: A 50-year anniversary for Berkeley's radical rag, Berkeley Barb. "People's Park was created by the Barb," said Diana Stephens, 56, who started reading the Barb for the sex columns and naked pictures when she was 13.
Berkeley library weeding process: "Mullan told the Contra Costa Times she thinks the library has discarded 20,000 books since January."
CS 61b Discussions and Labs?
Hey Bears! We're conducting a survey to find out if students know about the benefits of ergonomics when using computers. Please consider filling out our survey! Thanks! Results will be public when finished.
Learn to play guitar! 1st lesson free
So the last leg of my cross country commute to Berkeley is Lake Tahoe to Redwood Forest then to Berkeley. Will the fire(s) affect this plan?
Why can't I get into a class's waitlist?
So the last leg of my cross country commute to Berkeley is Lake Tahoe to Redwood Forest then to Berkeley. Will the fire(s) affect this plan?
I don't have much of a social life here and it's my last year I want to make it a good one
Siebel Energy Institute launches with major Berkeley presence
Berkeley Parking
Corpse flower blooming in Berkeley, and u think I smell bad
Why don't we start classes on a Monday?
Further proof Stanfurd students are crazy
I'm really stuck, and I need help with this decision. I've been accepted to Cornell CS &amp; Berkeley LSCS.
Long runs + potential running partner
Question for all UC Berkeley employees, especially students doing work study!
Is it possible to make Valley LSB to Pimentel in 10 minutes?
Losing a Pet Part 1: Berkeley Humane's Pet Loss Support Group
ABC 7 steps in when Berkeley couple's Ikea purchase goes awry
Berkeley police defend tactics after laundromat robbery: The robbery prompted the use July 27 of a police dog from Oakland, an armored vehicle from Alameda and the Berkeley Police Special Response Team, which wears camouflage uniforms when it responds to calls.
How quirky is Berkeley? Stan Huncilman's Bullfighting Academy
Help Some Cal Students Do Research about Online Dating! (And make $15!)
"UC-Berkeley is so 'politically correct that they end up stifling open discussion; “Freedom of speech should be extended to everyone, not just to those with whom you agree.”
GO Bears! and Samsus
Printer in dorm?
Why are people at Berkeley so nice and cheerful?
/r/CFB Interview Series: California feat. Hawaii and Mercer : [x-post from /r/CFB]
Need some help from a Cal student
Laundry Situation?
EECS vs L&amp;S CS
Help a fellow UC school out: UCSC revoked admission for students after the administration lost their transcripts
Organizational Culture of America's Leading Research Universities
UC Berkeley bioengineers develop ultra-fast method to copy DNA using light. The traditional PCR method takes hours to amplify a sample of DNA. The new method can make millions of copies of a single gene in less than five minutes using a plastic chip, gold film and an LED light.
UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks was appointed by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences to a newly formed commission, the Commission on Language Learning, that is a nationwide effort to examine and improve the state of foreign-language education in the country.
United Auto Workers Local 2865, a UC student-worker union, implored the AFL-CIO to break ties with police unions in a letter sent last week. David McCleary, head steward at UC Berkeley: "Police are there to break up picket lines. That's their role."
I want to convince my sister to come to Berkeley, but I don't go to school here so I'm not sure where to start.
Besides Cheeseboard: are there any places in Berkeley (or in the nearby area, like Rockridge) that serves organic pizza?
I'd like to make my come to Berkeley, but I don't attend college here so I'm not sure where to start.
Question about major requirements for Econ
Calculator Type?
Guest commentary from Charlene Woodcock: Luxury high-rises are definitely not what Berkeley needs. "Mayor Tom Bates and the City Council majority apparently believe in the discredited trickle-down theory: If you build market-rate and luxury housing, somehow that will open up affordable housing."
Guest commentary from Charlene Woodcock: Luxury high-rises are definitely not what Berkley needs. "Mayor Tom Bates and the City Council majority apparently believe in the discredited trickle-down theory: If you build market-rate and luxury housing, somehow that will open up affordable housing."
UC Berkeley Game of Thrones Summer Class Taught By Justin Vaccaro
Y'all living on the corner of Dwight and College
Question about safety.
Former Cal volleyball superstar Carli Lloyd wins MVP, leads US to gold medal in volleyball at the Pan American Games.
Former Cal volleyball superstar wins MVP, leads US to gold medal in volleyball at the Pan American Games
Powerlifting Team








UFC 190
CalNet security
How doable is a 3.5 GPA in EECS?
No more Airbears after 8/14. Airbears2 is the only option.
As a Berkeley undergrad (2015) about to do his MS/PhD at Stanford, here's why Stanford absolutely sucks compared to Berkeley
How hard is it to get As in upperdiv CS and Math courses
Cog Sci 100
Six Easy Classes?
Why don't we close down People's Park?
Sixty-one underserved middle-school students from schools in Berkeley, Oakland, Richmond and Albany danced their hearts out Thursday (July 30) in the finale of Cal Performances' 14th annual Berkeley/Oakland Ailey Camp at UC Berkeley.
It's by far the biggest year yet for National Night Out in Berkeley, with nearly 100 neighborhoods and organizations signed up to hold block parties and other events Tuesday night. The event raises awareness about crime prevention.
Former NFL coach John Lovett to coach Cal football's cornerbacks
Help with class enrollment?
Berkeley Seismological Laboratory awarded $1.2 million for improved earthquake early warning system
C.R.E.A.M. raised their prices :(
If I am already enrolled in a class but need to switch into another open discussion section that also had a waitlist, will I be put back on the waitlist?
No Transbay BART service this weekend
Nabolom Collective Bakery, which has been cooking cinnamon twists, blueberry cheese Danishes, morning buns, snicker-doodle cookies, challah and other baked delights for almost 40 years, is shutting down Sunday, August 2.
Man sodomized while sleeping at People’s Park
[Hiring] Street Team for new Indie Film
61BL this summer
University of California paid former president Mark Yudof $546,000 in 2014 – the year after he stepped down from his post to become a law professor at UC Berkeley. Yudof co-instructed one class for one semester in 2014. The class met once a week for three hours.
Source Mini, a vegetarian and vegan restaurant in Berkeley's Gourmet Ghetto, closed its doors abruptly July 18. The restaurant, an offshoot of the Source restaurant in San Francisco, which closed in January, closed because it "wasn't able to do enough business."
UC payroll data show lack of top-paid women, lag behind market rates
Former University of California-Berkeley football coach Jeff Tedford was among an elite group who were paid over $1 million a year by the UC system last year. Tedford, who was fired at the end of the 2012, was paid $1.8 million.
What happened to uguru?
Question From a Prospective Undergrad Student
Econ 101: Chicago? M.I.T.? Nope, Berkeley's on Top
Summer 61A vs Hilfinger 61B?
Cal dorms suck? Think again.
NYT subscription
The real Jade Helm: Berkeley PD show citizens what police militarization looks like during manhunt for laundromat robber
Difference between Math 1B and H1B
Airbears password?
This is a long post that is about a current event. Because there are other posts that are super text heavy, this post will fit right in. This happened on July 29th, 2015.
The UC Student Association adopted a plan Sunday to plan for a 2nd UC student regent so there can be both undergraduate and graduate representation. In the same proposal, the UCSA also adopted a timeline for the restoration of the regents' Student Life and Alumni Affairs Committee.
Tad Taube, one of the Bay Area's biggest philanthropists, has given a $1.3 million matching grant to spur completion of the $5.6 million renovation of the UC Theatre in Berkeley. He made his millions in real estate and through his connection to Joseph Koret, a women's clothing manufacturer.
Siaosi Aleamotua, 22, was arrested by the Berkeley Police after he allegedly knocked down and attacked a 69-year-old man who refused to give him $1. This happened on March 2, 2015 on Durant Avenue near Dana Street.
On Berkeley time? Art Simmons keeps Campanile's clocks ticking. Simmons started working at Berkeley as an electrician 20 years ago. Because the person who took care of the clocks had just retired, Simmons inherited them as his responsibility.
Econ 182
I was advised that with my GPA to go into electrical engineering, but due to me not thinking I was going to do much in community college, I screwed up my prerequisites.
storing bike overnight?
Berkeley wiki/FAQ section now under construction.
How rigid is the non-acceptance policy for applicants seeking a 2nd Bachelor's? (CoE)
Looking for students to run a new start-up on campus at UC Berkeley
Anybody who's taken CS61AS willing to tutor me?
Work-Study Fail!
How doable is CS 170, CS 162 and ERG C100?
Berkeley Fire Chief Gil Dong has stepped into a new position with the city after 25 years in the Fire Department. As of Saturday, Dong is wearing a new hat for Berkeley as the interim deputy city manager.
Cal's rigid academic standards pose tough challenge for athletics: Most Cal athletes going forward will be required to have a 3.0 grade-point average in high school. That's substantially lower than the general student body at Cal, but it's higher than any Pac-12 school except Stanford.
Berkeley Chemistry professors Peidong Yang and Carolyn Bertozzi received the 2014 Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award last week during a ceremony at the Department of Energy in Washington, D.C.
Has anyone ever been a CSO for UCPD?
Dir. of the Food Labor Research Ctr. &amp; ROC United co-founder Saru Jayaraman on wage justice for restaurant workers
Studying abroad during last semester
Is Berkeley miserable for non rich people?
Free Spaghetti Western Screening WEDNESDAY (7/29, 8PM, 159 Mulford): MY NAME IS NOBODY (1973)
Biggest Campus Events in the beginning of the Semester
How College Screws the Poor
Waitlited class
Vocal lessons at Berkeley?
Upper division elective recommendations?
2-4 Unit Easy Class. GPA boost.Phase 2 tommorow.
Where are the Chase ATMs on campus?
This is my first time registering for classes and I messed up big time.
Robber with 'silver teeth' evades Berkeley police: An armed robber robbed Wash and Shop laundromat, at 2450 Sacramento St. on Monday.
A man in his late 60s killed himself in the Tilden Little Farm parking lot on Friday afternoon after leaving a note about his intentions in his El Cerrito home. The man was lying in the front seat of a car, with the seat reclined, and had received a single gunshot wound to the head.
Daily Cal: "We want to attract innovative and qualified executives to our university, but we also want executives who believe more in the UC public mission than they do in the promise of a fat paycheck." If adding $15,000 to $500,000 is needed to keep Dirks, he doesn't deserve to be chancellor.
Looking for cheap car parking near UCB campus for a few months
CS61B
How doable is cs61b with Hilfinger, math 185 and math 114 in one semester?
Late night libraries
Prediction...
Looking for place to stay
How I feel talking to my mom
Former Cal track and field star Alysia Montano wins gold, silver at 2015 Pan American Games
Harvard professor Lawrence Katz: "The person coming out of Harvard or Berkeley is doing just fine, pretty much in any major, as long as they have some analytical skills. For many graduates of the University of Massachusetts, Boston or a local community college, it's still a tough job market."
Backpacks for people neck issues?
How bad is CS C191 without Physics 7A, 7B, 7C
How bad is it really to NP a class
EE/CS 126 vs. Stat 134 difficulty?
Pre-health folks. What have you heard about the post-bacc at UCB Extension?
College Writing 25AC
WHO'S #1?! (not us, but we're darn close)
Math 54 vs. CS70. Which One is Easier to Get an A?
I want more info on coops?
Potential Haas Transfer Student Looking for Advice/Tips
How is GPA calculated for graduation honors?
Selling physics 7A and 7B textbooks
Physical Chemistry and Inorganic Chemistry: Textbook and professor questions
workload for public health 116?
Exchange
Looking for Sperm Donor who was Berkeley Alumni
Where are the best bathrooms in Berkeley?
Come over for Drinks on Dwight
Na'ilah Nasir has been appointed UC Berkeley's vice chancellor for equity and inclusion. She is a third-generation alumna and a UC Berkeley professor in the campus's Graduate School of Education and the department of African American studies, which she has chaired since 2012.
Training on sexual assault prevention will become mandatory for all incoming students across the University of California in fall, according to one of several Thursday updates from the UC president's task force on sexual assault presented to the UC Board of Regents.
What are research credits?
Good or bad experiences with tutoring companies in Berkeley?
Chance I get off French R1B and French 142AC waitlist?
Good skin care places in Berkeley? I'm interested in suntan removal/skin lightening
Does CompSci 70 require CS background?
UC regents give 3% pay hikes to 15 executives
HELP WANTED: Lost freshman interested in Public Health
UC Berkeley police lay 'bait' for bike thieves on campus: A couple of the 31 arrested after the Bait Bike Program quietly went live in January were UC Berkeley students.
Stanford Grad School.
From July 2-8, there were reports of five robberies, 12 burglaries, eight assaults or batteries, one weapon-involved call and one sexual assault, according to CrimeMapping.com. There were also 17 stolen vehicles, 14 disturbances and 28 auto break-ins or thefts from vehicles reported.
Mayor Tom Bates accuses former Mayor Shirley Dean of abusing the Public Records Act. Shirley requested "records related to appointments for meetings involving the Mayor or any Councilmember for the past five and a half years", which Bates said amounts to hundreds of thousands of records.
Regents approve salary increases. A 2014 study of 7,305 UC faculty found that total compensation was 10 percent below market levels. Dirks: 3% raise to $516,446. Kevin Sabo: After a tuition freeze, "it is shameful to see the UC allocate raises for executives making upwards of $200,000 per year."
Imperfect, a local startup, is selling produce boxes 30-50% off just 'cause they're ugly fruits/veggies (but still good)! [x-post from r/Oakland]
Berkeley
Summarize all of Berkeley's dance groups/religious organizations/fraternities and sororities
The Berkeley pier is now closed to the public
What's up with the Ski and Snowboard Club
Quick question about in class test/quiz/exams
What is the non-stop cheering I keep hearing? Is there a cheer leading conference in town? One Direction concert? Free ice cream?
Shot in the Dark Here, But Is Anyone Else taking Pol Sci 164A and Willing to Switch Discussion classes?
UC Berkeley researchers have developed 3-D-printed technology that allows for customizable microelectronics that can be used to detect spoiled milk.
Any experience with self paced CS61A?
What is a fun activity I can do tomorrow?
Chemical Engineering Courseload/General Advice?
Whoopi Goldberg gets top dollar for 1890 Victorian home in Berkeley. Listed for sale in June for $1.275 million, the about one-third of an acre estate went under contract in about 10 days and sold last week for $2.025 million, $750,000 over the asking price. It previously sold for $335,000 in 1985.
The Berkeley Safe Neighborhoods Committee weighs in on regulations on student parties. The proposed ordinance states that gatherings of 10 or more nonresidents in any type of group living arrangement must end before midnight Fridays and Saturdays, and before 10 p.m. the rest of the week.
The New York Times: University of California system set to raise minimum wage to $15 an hour by October 2017 for those who work at least 20 hours a week. The wage increases would add about $14 million a year to a total university payroll of more than $12 billion.
does anyone know of bars that let you in at midnight on your 21st in Berkeley?
Uploading documents on myfinaid?
Girls
How long did it take you to transfer into Berkeley?
UC president announces $15/hour minimum wage
Free Meal at Kip's!
Anyone know of a Sm4sh club on campus?
some Cal people made a ridiculous Silicon Valley "Urban" dictionary
FREE Italian Film Screening TONIGHT (7/22, 159 Mulford, 8PM): Pane e cioccolata (1974)
Spring 2016 Courses!
Some guy at /r/cscareerquestions said that students at a Berkeley career fair couldn't pseudcode FizzBuzz or easier problems. This seems unbelievable. Have some of your CS project partners given you the impression they were like this?
Considering Taking a Language at Cal... Does anyone have experience with the language courses at Cal, specifically Russian?
The New York Times: Cellphone Ordinance Puts Berkeley at Forefront of Radiation Debate
West Berkeley's Pyramid Alehouse has closed after 18 years in the city. Kris Sirchio, CEO of North American Breweries, the parent company of Pyramid, says the company closed its Berkeley location in order to "focus" on its Portland and Seattle locations.
Two current Bears and four alumni helped reaffirm Cal's dominance this past week at the Pan American Games, where they competed in Toronto and earned a total of 10 medals. They include sophomore Noemie Thomas of Canada, junior Long Gutierrez of Mexico, and 12-time Olympic medalist Natalie Coughlin.
Spare Airbears2 login?
Lil B announces support for Bernie Sanders on Twitter
Feel like I'm missing out at Cal
On November 15, 2011, Christopher Travis, a 32-year-old transfer student at the Haas School of Business, committed "suicide by cop" in the Haas computer lab. Here is the full report of what happened that day.
Taking 2 of the same P.E. courses
On Tuesday, July 21, 2015 at approximately 3:45 a.m. UCPD received a report of a burglary via window smash at the Haas School of Business. Upon arrival UCPD discovered that over 20 offices had been broken into and computers had been taken
Numerous Berkeley residents woke up just after 2:40 a.m. Tuesday due to a 4.0-magnitude earthquake reported north of Fremont. At least eight aftershocks had been reported, following the original incident, as of 3:20 a.m.
Pyramid Alehouse’s Berkeley Location Shuts Down
Where to get metal anodized in Berkeley?
On the waitlist for Math 54. Chances of getting in?
Looking for LSD for microdosing.
The first Cal alumna to make the cover of a sports videogame
How to get around
Change of major from undeclared L&amp;S to ChemE CoC
Laser diode build help?
UC Berkeley International House enters its 85th year of providing community, refuge
Paul Veres, 71, a Berkeley artist and retired art teacher, designed the typeface for the cover of Go Set a Watchman (released last Tuesday), To Kill a Mockingbird's sequel. He created the font in the mid-'90s, basing it on a version of his own handwriting and naming it Caterina, after his mother.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) announced today the appointment of UC Berkeley economist Maurice Obstfeld — an authority on international finance and macroeconomics — as the economic counselor and director of the IMF's Research Department.
Alleged Looking Glass Photo burglar caught on video. Jennifer Waicukauski, owner of Looking Glass, posted surveillance footage from the burglary on her Facebook page on Saturday after the burglar took cameras and lenses.
What's CS61C like?
English minor requirements?
Storage Spaces in Berkeley
Good courses that fulfill American Cultures requirement?
Russian billionaire Yuri Milner gives $100 million to UC Berkeley to discover alien life
Bro Science: Best Time to Work Out?
Berkeley geophysicist suggests new idea for what really killed the dinosaurs.
Berkeley engineers use 3D-printed electronics in 'smart cap' to sense spoiled food
How do I know I graduated?
Today, the Twitterverse and ELI5/BestOf both had epiphanies about #BlackLivesMatter, but comments to UC Berkeley's Facebook are embarrassingly ignorant
Tele-Bears Reminder! What fun/life-changing classes would you recommend for a graduating senior?
Taking CS 200+ courses as a senior?
Screwed myself for housing
CS61C and CS70 concurrently?
Are professors lenient in summer session courses?
Dealing with stress during summer session
My parents asked me to show them my grades...
[Sunday Weekly #4] Ask your University or housing related questions here!
HyperLoop Design Competition [Last Post, I Promise]
There's a Salsa festival (with food and beer) in Downtown Berkeley today. I doubt the organizers use Reddit, so here's a link in their honor.
Best Smoking Spots Around Campus?
Protesters get naked to try and save trees.
Laptop for CS
Can you guys recommend a good car mechanic in Berkeley or near by area?
Someone tagged the base of the Campanile earlier today
Econ or Pol Sci w/ Minor in CS
So CS70 managed to grade around 280 midterms in one day...
Is an OOS transfer into UCB even possible?
How do you deal with post-test anxiety?
Berkeley pet owners claim hemp-based dog treats cure pets of ailments
News of Berkeley
Transfer Course from Other Universities
Telebears advice?
Overnight Parking for a friend?
fpf breadths
Old exams for Econ 101b
Interracial Dating at Berkeley
The state Senate Education Committee rejected a proposed constitutional amendment that would have restricted the enrollment of and financial aid to nonresident students due to claims that it would actually hurt resident enrollment growth. It would have frozen tuition rates for residents until 2021.
Banana Sam's, a smoothie shop and cafe on Euclid Avenue in Berkeley, closes doors a decade after its opening in 2005 because of owner’s health, financial problems.
Youth Musical Theater Company's (YMTC) first original musical Don't Stop Me explores darker side of high school life. It is a Dance-a-Thon to the death where students are pitted against each other for a shot at "The Prize." Winning means everything they've ever wanted; losing means death.
Cal Football 2015 Hype Video
5 minute music survey - please help with our class project!
Camp gives middle school girls hands-on experience in engineering
PSA: New Political Science Course Added for Fall 2015
Summer Sessions: Open Enrollment, but sometimes Lower Quality Classes
Easy/Good 2-3 Unit Upper Division Classes?
I'll just leave this here
Community concerned about gentrification with proposed Berkeley Global Campus at Richmond Bay. Thirty-seven percent of renters earn less than $35,000 per year and spend more than 30 percent of their income on housing. They will be most affected by the expected drive up in housing market prices.
UC Berkeley rising junior Alice Jeong captures 94th LA City Women's Golf Championship, earns US Women's Amateur bid next day
Berkeley Textbook Exchange
Enjoy the marina pier while you can, it's probably going to have to be closed to the public in the near future.
Roommate Nightmare
Prof recalls famous prison study, now a movie
Anyone know where I can buy this exact folder?
THIS SUNDAY: Eats Beats &amp; Brews / live salsa - free
Just wanted to thanks u/Samses94 for all the shit.
Intellectual challenges buffer the brain against addiction: Mice engaged in stimulating activities were less drawn to cocaine
Summer Volunteer Opportunities
Moving to Berkeley from Ireland in August....help?!
A. Speliotopoulous?
Judy Juanita, an Oakland-based playwright and novelist, has accused the Berkeley Repertory Theatre of discriminating against Black audience members at a performance of the company's new play about racial disparities in California's schools and prisons.
D'Army Bailey, who served on Berkeley City Council in the 1970s and went on to establish the National Civil Rights Museum, died Sunday in Memphis, Tennessee, at the age of 73.
8 AM class?
Golden Bear Cafe stops serving fried food, turns to healthier options
Stat 134 for First Semester (Intended) Stat Major?
AP Credits Sending
The USA Basketball Women's World University Games team, of which Cal women's basketball player Courtney Range was a member, defeated Canada early Monday morning in South Korea to bring home a gold medal.
Berkeley's three code inspectors checked 525 of the city's 28,000 rental units. They cited four landlords for not doing their own inspections. "There is no enforcement. It is toothless," said Jesse Townley, chair of Berkeley's Rent Stabilization Board and an advocate for mandatory city inspections.
Water main rupture causes Parker Street near Regent in central Berkeley to buckle. Water gushed down the 2500 block of Parker for nearly an hour before East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD) was able to shut off the flow.
Look high
Does anyone know about Lambda Phi Epsilon's little sister program?
Score to aim for on CS61A exams?
Who keeps deleting my posts? What happened to freedom of Speech? I guess it dies at r/berkeley
Looking for an apartment to sublease for the fall.
Experiences with D-Lab?
Free Spaghetti Western Film Screening TONIGHT (7/15, 159 Mulford, 8PM)
When you say you don't eat meat...
10 excellent Italian-style pizzas in Berkeley in Oakland
City requires relocation of North Berkeley farmers' market
An update from Spamses94
UC Berkeley professors' summer playlist
UC Berkeley students are secretly senior citizens
UC Berkeley team receives funding to promote carbon removal
Berkeley researchers look to clouds for clues about California drought
Berkeleyside blotter: Crime in Berkeley, June 25 to July 1
Berkeley Breathed speaks: Here is why ‘Bloom County’ is really returning
Berkeley City Council approves strict new building regulations
Berkeley balcony legislation stalls in Assembly committee
Important news about the future of /r/berkeley
Are there any Bernie Sanders groups at Cal?
California Lawmakers Reject Bill to Disclose Construction Elements in Wake of Berkeley Balcony Collapse
Protesters rally, check out books to make clear concerns over weeding at Berkeley Central Library. The central branch is starting by examining books that have not been checked out in three years (10 years for art and music books).
Bike theft on campus has gone down 45 percent since UCPD began deploying "bait bikes" equipped with tracking systems that enable officers to locate the bikes after they are stolen. 31 bike thieves have been arrested sine January as of July 7.
[PSA] TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO WAIVE SHIP
So I know we've talked about this before but the samses94/95/96 etc. shitposting is getting ridiculous
Anyone have a link to the video of this dude wearing a Berkeley CS jacket with some dope music in the background?
Question for all Econ/Haas majors.
To all the people trying to get rid of their pets on free and for sale...
Graphing calculator
jaywalking, now what
On downtown Berkeley street, the poetry is underfoot
Berkeley plans to move popular farmers market
Berkeley needs improved housing-safety measures
Berkeley balcony collapse may lead to city building code changes
What if...
SpaceX's Hyperloop Competition [Reposting]
A 58-year-old woman was threatened with a gun and then pistol-whipped at approximately 9:20 p.m. on Somerset Place near Southampton Street in North Berkeley on July 10 during an attempted robbery, according to the Berkeley police.
Move over, Hogwarts: Bowles Hall is coming back
The Flame of Hope, the torch of the Special Olympics World Summer Games, will pass through Berkeley on Tuesday.
The body of Berkeley resident Katherine Gravett was found Thursday in water near Point Isabel in Richmond. The death is now being considered suspicious.
Incoming 4-star recruit Russell Ude poised to bolster Cal football's defensive line
Not in Berkeley for Fall - Easy classes that don't require attendance.
Cal Men's Basketball: Welcome to Berkeley Jaylen Brown
This is for all you travelers out there. #worknplayAUS2015
Games of Berkeley is running its 2nd 'Locally Grown Game Sunday' this weekend. Crazy board game prototypes meets a beer garden!
Starting an RSF class Late
My apartment manager just told me bank reps are visiting my apt complex and she wants to show my unit. Why are they visiting?
UC Berkeley's persistent lack of faculty diversity prompts efforts from the ASUC and Graduate Assembly to address issue. In 1989, 28 departments had no underrepresented faculty. In 2015, 20 of those 28 departments are still exist, and 16 still have no black or Latino faculty.
Anyone got experience with "Grand Commonwealth Properties"?
CalSo today and I'm very sick
Commute to Livermore Lab in rush hour?
EECS/Girls
Major change and difficult
I don't like the low class vibe of the Berkeley Campus
Have housing offers for transfer students been sent out yet?
EEP vs CRS
Anybody else go to the Death Cab concert last night?
Did the Taphaus close down?
Math problems in CS exams
Cours de l'or - les meilleures stratégies pour prévoir les tendances
Frustrating!! Chances of Getting Off Waitlist
EECS Transfer
RSF weightroom crowded?
How to Check You Graduated?
Student Loan? (Direct Subsidized)
UFC Viewing? Anyone know a place between Emeryville and El Cerrito that shows the fights? I don't mind a cover charge...
Cakes and Purls on Allston closed. Where else can I get my cupcake fix?
I HATE BERKELEY SO MUCH I JUST WANT TO
Open Team In Dynasty Baseball League (Again)
Joshua Miele, a Berkeley resident and scientist for the blind, works at the non-profit Smith-Kettlewell Eye Research Institute. He was 4 when a next-door neighbor came to the gate of his family's home in Brooklyn and tossed sulfuric acid into his face, blinding him.
Berkeley couple Ruchama and Avraham Burrell welcome Shabbat guests for 25 years
Michael Green, 41, charged with human trafficking, drug sales, hammer assault after Berkeley car stop
Office 2016 for Mac from Berkeley
Long shot here - help out a Cal alum
WE DID IT GUYS
Engineering students: There's a new Sheriff in town.
Berkeley psychologists talk about the science of emotions in ‘Inside Out’
Who made this awesome ANSI.SYS sticker? (found at University &amp; San Pablo)
National Security Agency funds UC Berkeley cybersecurity summer camp for high school students
Would Intro to Toxicology be a good substitute for Drugs &amp; The Brain?
Computer Science or Cog Sci w/ CS Minor?
Berkeley CS FB page in flame war with mods
Could someone please post the answers to waive ship?
Tips for dealing with back-to-back exams?
Anyone hearing these loud booms in so. Berkeley?
Finding a job in NYC as a recent graduate? (business degree)
Ernest S. Kuh, Berkeley Engineering professor and dean emeritus, 1928–2015
Berkeley balcony collapse victim Aoife Beary wakes from coma three weeks after 21st birthday tragedy
Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates criticized for encouraging landlords to form PAC
National Security Agency (NSA) funds UC Berkeley cybersecurity summer camp for high school students
Burger Depot on Solano Ave to close after 35 years
A victim made a citizen's arrest Monday morning in connection with an alleged peeping and disturbing-the-peace incident in a Dwinelle Hall men's restroom. Dwayne Wiley was accused of banging on the victim's stall, peeping through the crack in the door, and yelling racial slurs
pseudo-political correctness
UC Berkeley students call for renaming of campus buildings tied to Confederacy
Anyone here have hsv1? If so how does it affect your relationship life and how do you work around it?
Berkeley police hope bike registry will deter thieves
''I spit sick rhymes, quicker than any machine computes IS and OS.'' from Epic Rap Battles of UC Berkeley: CS professor John DeNero vs. CS professor Paul Hilfinger.
Cheap Barbers for men around campus or around Shattuck?
How to Relieve Anger
Does everyone on at this school hate each other or something?
Berkeley best cafe
Can we ban sleepcuzofyall
PSA: Just got a ticket on my bike from the gestap... ahem Berkeley PD
SpaceX's HyperLoop Design Competition
I want to do squats and deadlifts with chalk. Is this possible at a gym on or near campus?
Can we ban Samses94
berkeley noob here, how do I view my student ID number?
75 years ago in 1940, the city was preparing to commemorate the July 4 Independence Day with "the most stupendous, dramatic and colorful celebration ... Berkeley has ever known," according to the Berkeley Daily Gazette. 4,000 people gathered at the Greek Theatre "in spite of a sweltering sun."
An orchestrated clearing out of books at the Berkeley Central Library, ordered by the library's director, Jeff Scott, has sounded alarm-bells for some current and former librarians, as well as community members.
From The Atlantic: The Death of the Hippies. The photographer Joe Samberg remembers how drugs destroyed the Telegraph Avenue scene.
Interested in hearing someone speak on campus? Suggest a guest to the Berkeley Forum
Demonstrators performed a song and dance inside California Hall on Tuesday, calling out the administration for being "super cheap," and marking the start of a new campaign for the campus to create more union jobs instead of hiring contract workers.
15 for ’15: College football’s surprise teams | NFL.com
DSP testing accommodations
DSP and Pre-Med Competition
Is anyone going to housepitality w James what OR epr with dj craze tonight?
Four international students looking for reasonably priced accommodation in the Bay Area for two weeks in late August
Where are some good food trucks around here?
AT&amp;T Petition: Give Us Service We Can Depend On
Nutritional Sciences and Toxicology 103, 001 Fa11
Berkeley extension classes?
Have anyone had any experience with landlord not returning the deposit?
The Berkeley City Council may vote next week to amend the municipal code in an effort to make local buildings safer following the fatal collapse in June of a wood-rotted fifth-floor balcony at Library Gardens.
The company Segue Construction that built the arguably faulty Library Gardens balconies has paid out many more millions to settle lawsuits over shoddy construction jobs in recent years than was originally reported a couple weeks ago. Famed civil prosecutor Erin Brockovich joins fight against Segue.
Former Cal safety Damariay Drew readmitted to UC Berkeley after being charged with assault for allegedly attacking a fellow student and kicking his dog near the UC Berkeley campus. He was readmitted after a judge reduced his conviction from a felony to a misdemeanor.
Michael St. John: Property owners should be involved in shaping Berkeley housing policy
State Senate resolution urging UC to condemn anti-Semitism draws objections over language from organizations that say the legislation's definition of anti-Semitism would stifle free speech.
Does there exist anything for Berkeley similar to this document that UCSD has?
Remembrance for Cal senior Bryson Young to be held tomorrow, July 8, at 7:30pm in the Anna Head Alumnae Hall.
Seriously, RSO quiz is so horrible. Anyone know the answer?
Do you have to tell a girl that you might have hsv1?
Did UC Berkeley make me uglier? Why?
summer math 1a
Math 53 or 54?
Poe &amp; CTZN, a Berkeley based alternative hip hop duo - 'Slash and Burn' is our new single. I'm the beat guy. feedback?
Could I get in trouble for this situation?
&lt;== If you press UpDirk, this image will appear on Google Images when people search for Guy Fieri.
Tenants at Telegraph Avenue's The Village may be facing the end of their time at the shopping mall (built 1946), as a proposed 7-story mixed-use building, which would involve demolishing the complex, awaits approval by the city of Berkeley.
UC Berkeley football player Damaria Drew, 21, was suspended indefinitely after he punched a fellow student at a fundraising party last year. He hopes to be reinstated first to the university and second to the football team after a judge today reduced his felony assault conviction to a misdemeanor.
Michael Diggs, charged with the 2014 murder of 54-year-old Sylvan Fuselier, pled no contest in a bargain with the Alameda County District Attorney’s Office on Monday.
Pejman Mar Ventures, a firm that wooed Stanford students and alums, announcing a new competition in which it will invest $250,000 in one team founded by either a student, faculty member, or alum of Berkeley in exchange for 10% of their company, 10% of which Pejman Mar will pass to UC Berkeley.
Is UC Berkeley GreekRank accurate?
Daily Cal: Affirmative action necessary to support diversity, upward mobility. Affirmative action case to be heard once again by Supreme Court.
Custom flair is now permanent.
Serious opinion regarding the recent increase in dank memes, shitposting, protests, stupid questions, etc on this sub over the past few months
Watch out who you hookup with
"Life isn't just about school" - CalSO Leader [Rant]
Reserved parking in Berkeley for the semester
Question about IEOR
F for Fieri
Will affirmative action ever be implemented at UC Berkeley?
Summer internship &amp; summer session (for freshman)
lack of community feeling in classes
making friends in the summer?
Is the macbook air good enough for L&amp;S computer science?? Macbook Pro is very expensive but don't want to sacrifice efficiency...what do you guys think?
Math 53 or 54?
Berkeley mail for android
ESPM 50AC
Best store to buy running shoes?
Pretty true statement about engineering students.
Waitlist Nadler's Math 54?
Does Berkeley discriminate against Blacks and Hispanics?
After answering a lot of questions on the CS Scholars' Program, I just went ahead and made this FAQ page with my copied and pasted answers. Hope it helps someone.
UC BERKELEY HOLDS NSA-SPONSORED HACKING SUMMER CAMP FOR TEENS
Transfer student transcripts still not received?
Protest the concept of protesting!
How is the curve at the School of Information?
Protest the protest
Which Cal fraternities recruit the most rushees typically?
We will be going dark in protest of recent admin-mod relationship and /r/IAmA debacles. To help support, please turn off your dorm/apartment lights and browse reddit in night mode.
Professor Edward Frenkel of Mathematics, doing an AMA!
CA Residents now less likely to be accepted to UC than international students
CS Scholars
CA Driver's License for out-of-state grad student?
Balcony: 21 yr old Clodagh Cogley suffered two collapsed lungs, a broken shoulder and broken knee, five broken ribs and a broken spinal cord. She likely can't use her legs again but wrote, "Life is short and I intend to honor those who died by living the happiest and most fulfilling life possible."
Berkeley mayor Tom Bates appointed Deputy City Manager Dee Williams-Ridley as interim city manager. The mayor has recommended an annual salary of $225,000 for Williams-Ridley to match the current city manager salary, plus a $1,600 housing allowance.
In a competitive year, Berkeley admits 13,321 prospective freshmen out of a total of 78,918 students. This dropped the admissions rate at UC Berkeley to 17 percent, down 1 percent from last year. Averages: Unweighted GPA of 3.91, SAT score of 2093 and ACT score of 31
We finally get custom flair, and now reddit is going to die.
IM Soccer [kinda confused]
Looking for a 1 unit fun class
4th at Berkeley
SHIP Waiver - I'm an international student. Which insurance companies / policies would you suggest? Also any tips are welcome.
'Steve Jobs' Trailer Has Wheeler prominently featured
No-attendance classes at Cal
A man Wednesday morning robbed Chase Bank, at 2390 Shattuck Ave., near Channing Way. He threatened to have had a gun.
Berkeley to require millions in concessions from new downtown highrises
Poetry Flash, a Berkeley poetry review and newsletter that has been publishing for more than 40 years, may close before the end of the year because of a 27 percent increase in its rent.
Success at Berkeley.
How's Cricket's cell phone coverage on campus?
X-Wing, Galaxy Truckers and more! Come play board games for free at Henry's this Thursday.
What's the best class you've ever taken? What's the worst class you've ever taken?
For today only, you may give yourself whatever flair you want.
Where do y'all buy stuff?
ESPM 155 or S Asian C140?
Improv in Berkeley?
Does Chancellor Dirks like it here?
happy Canada day! (especially to the Canadian studies people who used to post on this subreddit)
Has anyone here taken honors classes?
Question about scheduling (physics 111A)
Library Gardens builder Segue Construction seeks to stop DA from examining Berkeley balcony without it being present
Mayor Tom Bates and Loni Hancock announced a city-wide water-conservation challenge for Berkeley residents to win "fame, appreciation, and a free lunch" to match their savings. They reduced daily usage by 68.1% in the latest billing period (April 10-June 9) from 116 gallons in 2013 to 37 gallons.
Bryson Ambrose Young, a UC Berkeley senior and member of the Afro House co-op, died in his sleep Sunday night at his home in San Jose. He would have turned 21 in August. He studied Spanish and was on the pre-med track.
EDH group?
Taking Math 104 without any upper div except 128a
New Art Museum to open in downtown Berkeley in January
ManU matched moved because van Gaal wanted to reduce travel times
Summer CS61a grade threshold
Clark Kerr and Gym
Places to Dance in Berkeley?
Co-ops visiting student
Slacklining?
Any Housing for Academic Year? (Fall 2015, Spring 2016)
Daily Cal: "Landlord coalition may threaten tenant rights. A recently formed Berkeley group to advocate the rights of property owners is troubling in its stark opposition to the rent board's pro-tenant policies."
Cal men's golf player Shotaro Ban captures California Amateur Championship
The Zalkin Law Firm, specializing in sexual abuse crimes, will be representing plaintiffs Sofie Karasek, 22; Aryle Butler, 21; and Nicoletta Commins, 23, in a lawsuit against the UC Board of Regents and UC Berkeley.
Berkeley Worker Faces Deportation to Country He Does Not Know
Berkeley softball field named in honor of Jane Hammond, who has spent the past 20 years as the league's "micro-division" commissioner. Moneyball author Michael Lewis made his first ever appearance at a Berkeley City Council meeting last Tuesday to praise Hammond.
Breaking: Manchester United – San Jose Earthquakes game will not be played in Berkeley
Partners for CS classes?
Things to do on Fourth of July?
Major change as a transfer
Easy ways to fulfill 1-2 units
European societies?
Is it possible to transfer your I-house room reservation to another interested student?
Machine Shop Access
When is Hilfinger going to teach cs164 again. I want to be Hilfingered
“Hugger Jack Meets Repulse” — here's how Berkeleyans confronted serial sexual assault in 1903
“Jack the Hugger Meets Repulse” — here's how Berkeleyans confronted serial sexual assault in 1903
Rent question
where to get crack fix
Berkeley in the Summer
Stats 133/CS 61A Together?
Free Spaghetti Western Screening: They Call Me Trinity, Wednesday, 8PM
Classes for fall?
Is it harder to get a job in tech now if you're Asian/Indian/White/Male?
[Selfie Sunday] And I guess Sunday Weekly #3. Ask your University or housing related questions and post selfies for compliments!
Fire alarms in North Berkeley?
What I learned in Lecture Today
What happened last night at the Frat Row
Second Balcony Collapse Near Sproul Plaza
Important PSA
Super last minute need to couchsurf tonight
Bearly a shirt
Greek Theater Berkeley - When should I get in line to ensure decent standing for the show?
Graduate student housing recommendations?
Grad school funding question!
Just moved into an apartment, but...
Interesting cuisines
Good/easy Reading and Comp B requirements?
Short term, summer housing
Los Angeles Times columnist David Lazarus: "Berkeley's warning about cellphone radiation may go too far"
After the U.S. Supreme Court decided Friday that same-sex marriage is a right guaranteed by the Constitution, UC Berkeley's LGBTQ community gathered on Sproul Plaza at noon to celebrate the landmark decision. The ruling, Obergefell v. Hodges, falls one day before the San Francisco Pride celebration.
South Berkeley shooting Friday morning puts victim in hospital. The incident was an attempted robbery that escalated into a shooting, occurring about 5:30 a.m. near Ashby Avenue and Newbury Street.
Check out me at pahma berkeley :)
Received 5 on BC exam but that was in 10th grade... should I take 1B?
Why everything is closing so early during the summer?
Hide and seek!!!
Math 54 after the 16 series
Switching from Econ 100a to b
Is greeting fellow students you don't know awkward?
PC Gamers in Berkeley (HOTS mainly)
Question about dining hall to-go boxes
If Berkeley is such a prestigious school why are 30 students from my high school going there this fall?
Taking a 5th year as an engineering major?
Man at Berkeley zoning board meaning calls BART construction 'Brutal' and says "we're just starting to recover". Berkeley BART was opened in 1973.
People giving me "you're a piece of shit" look
Why haven't there been any mass shootings at Berkeley yet?
Berkeley City Council passed a compromise proposal that would legalize short-term rentals in Berkeley for up to 14 days, impose a tax on them and include regulations to minimize their impact on neighbors.
Berkeley filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the owners of 40 Acres Medical Marijuana Growers Collective asking for monetary compensation and for the collective to cease operations on the grounds that it violated city zoning ordinances and is a public nuisance.
The Alameda County district attorney’s office has launched a criminal investigation into the balcony collapse.
Berkeley police arrest 3 teenagers tied to purse snatches. The teenagers used pepper spray on a victim.
Where to play League of Legends?
When do you call a teacher a professor?
How do I get out of jury duty? (OOS student)
Psychology Of Sleep: Narcolepsy
Learning a new language increases chances of employment in New Cold War
Access Bmail without SSL?
Mental health ??
Come meet some new people: Running a 'Short &amp; Sweet' game night tonight at Henry's (Durant Ave)
Segue Construction has paid $6.5 million to settle allegations that balconies prematurely rotted and failed, and Berkeley officials said Tuesday the collapsed balcony had significant dry rot.
A striking Berkeley chain-link fence covered in found objects, including teddy bears and bras, was recently stripped bare at the request of UC Berkeley, two days after a story about the quirky 'art wall' was published on Berkeleyside.
At 9:30 p.m. on Saturday, June 20, 2015, a suspect removed a screen from a window of a University Village Albany residence and attempted to take a laptop that had been placed near the window. The suspect was scared away by the resident.
Math 55 without 1B
People Doing CS/EECS Only for $$$ Annoy the Sh*t Out of Me
Advice on math 104
math thanks for help love u
Can anyone recommend a good physical therapist in Berkeley?
As a bill to mandate vaccination in public schools nears passage in the state Legislature, Berkeley community members fight for right to exempt children from vaccinations.
Daily Cal: "'Positive change' program works to dehumanize homelessness. The Downtown Berkeley Association's donation boxes encourage passersby to not interact with homeless."
Glenn Beck Says UC Berkeley Has Started a Trend That Ends With a 'Bullet in the Head'. He was referring to UC Berkeley encouraging professors and students to avoid phrases like "America is a melting pot" and "I believe the most qualified person should get the job."
Pixar consulted with UC Berkeley psychology professor Dacher Keltner for the movie 'Inside Out' about getting into the mind of an 11-year-old through animation. The child, Riley Anderson, who now lives in San Francisco, has five emotions living inside her mind.
Physics 7C Prep
Berkeley man went berserk on plane over nuts
Cal Student Store book buyback
Best place to eat and do homework around campus
Are students no longer allowed to use Maxwell or what? The gates are always locked.
CS61b with Hilfinger and Math 1b for Fall 2015, how fucked am I?
Berkeley Grad develops innovative way to feed the homeless with surplus food! [X-Post /r/uplifting news]
Freshman question: How to sexually satisfy a woman at Berkeley
Looking for someone to give a quick tour of the campus
Clark Kerr dining commons during the summer?
Okay to take Fillipenko's Intro to Astronomy as a senior?
More than $200,000 raised for victims, families involved in Berkeley balcony tragedy. Clodagh Cogley, who was injured in the collapse and is a fan of the "Harry Potter" series, received a tweet from J.K. Rowling expressing encouragement.
Telegraph Academy, a tech coding school located on Shattuck Avenue, aims to teach software engineering to under-represented minorities. Tuition for the 12-week program is $17,725. It was founded by Albrey Brown, 24, and Bianca Gandolfo, 26, both Hack Reactor alums and former instructors.
Whoopi Goldberg, comedienne, actress and talk-show host, is selling the central Berkeley home she has owned for 30 years, an 1890 Victorian-style home, for $1.275 million.
Berkeley Passenger Jeremiah Mathis Thede, 42, Arrested After Disrupting United Airlines Flight in Europe. Because of the flight's emergency grounding, more than 280 passengers on the flight from Rome to Chicago had to spend the night in the Belfast airport before completing the journey on Sunday.
Fireworks over the Bay Bridge as seen from the Berkeley hills last night
does UCB forgive 9th grade grades?
Need a Parking Spot in July
How to become president (or prime minister or any person of power)?
Looking for IM basketball team
Berkeley featured on Archer
Berkeley Edition of Textbooks - Stewart and Lay and Nagle
Am I doing summer right?
For a Summer Session Visiting Student without transportation, is there a lot to do around campus?
Is SLC and Stacks open 24 hrs in summer?
Looking for an intramural soccer team over summer
Inspectors found evidence of suspected dry rot in Berkeley apartment complex almost two years ago
[Sunday Weekly #2] Ask your University or housing related questions here!
There's live salsa music, a beer garden and locally grown games in Downtown Berkeley today
Taking CS 61a p/np
Bank account for the summer?
How to get a drunk girl out of my room
Be my friend?
If students here took more fish oil do you think they'd be less depressed?
Is CalSo worth it?
Place to buy cheap rugs
Why aren't there any fountains on campus?
Any update on Pimentel renovation?
dorm wifi
math 54 and 128a in the summer
Is there a Cal alumni subreddit?
Student Char'Leen Craner Overcame Drug-Ravaged Home, Absent Parents To Graduate From UC Berkeley
Experts: Berkeley balcony should not have collapsed if built to designs. Lupe Zepeda, a senior construction consultant and weatherproofing expert with Childress Engineering Services: "Was something left out due to a cost issue or bad workmanship?"
UC Berkeley's Black Student Union holds vigil, protest for nine black people killed Wednesday night by 21-year-old white supremacist Dylann Roof in a church shooting in Charleston, South Carolina.
Lost phone near Bear Basics?
Is my landlord lying? (Rent Ceiling)
Any internet bundle/deal right now?
Night Shuttle
[Fieri Fridays] All hail Fieri
What's wrong with the Campanile?
CS61BL over Summer?
Builder of Berkeley apartments with collapsed balcony faced prior lawsuit, OSHA violations
The Berkeley balcony collapse happened at around 12:40 am Tuesday while the victims were celebrating Aoife Beary's 21st birthday. Aoife remains in critical condition Thursday at Highland Hospital. Her father wrote on Twitter she has "excellent care at @AlamedaHealth #Berkeley #thefightingirish".
At Civic Center Park, a block from the balcony tragedy, several hundred people gathered for a candlelit vigil Wednesday. Philip Grant, Ireland's consul general in San Francisco, who was in attendance, estimated that 80% of the Irish students in the Bay Area on J-1 work-study visas were at the vigil.
Sid Lakireddy, Berkeley Property Owners Association President and former president of Everest Properties, and 11 BPOA members are creating the Berkeley Rental Housing Coalition to contest an increase in rental registration fees because attorney costs are prohibitive.
Campus broke ground last week for a new pool to be built in the Bancroft-Fulton parking lot, adjacent to the Tang Center. The California Aquatic Center will serve as a practice facility for Cal's swimming and polo teams. It will include a 52-meter training pool with a bulkhead and diving tower.
Robert Roper's The Savage Professor: a murder mystery. The pleasure of this novel is in the wised-up and amused version of Berkeley town and gown".
Robert Roper's The Savage Professor: a murder mystery. Tthe pleasure of this novel is in the wised-up and amused version of Berkeley town and gown".
Geocaching Groups/Clubs?
Todays game on Tabletop was designed by Berkeley resident Donald X. Vaccarino!
Has anyone done Cal-in-Sacramento?
Pleasanton-based Segue Construction Inc., the company that built Library Gardens, has been fined $11,000 by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration since 2006 and has been sued once in relation to balcony work and water issues.
Why did UCB take down their employment and salary data and graduate school acceptance data for their students corresponding to each major? This information was useful.
Waitlist on a summer course?
Feeling Tired and No Energy All the Time..
How to get away with seizing my tenant's security deposit
Dead Irish Students Can Burn in Hell
UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism professor emeritus David Littlejohn died at 78. During his teen years, Littlejohn broke his neck, leaving him partially paralyzed. He worked on a show called "Critic at Large," which aired on KQED TV and PBS.
Lawmakers, Brown reach agreement on proposed $115.4 billion state budget. The budget includes up to $25 million in additional UC funding — contingent on the university's intent to enroll 5,000 more in-state students in the 2016-17 school year — on top of the $119.5 million agreed upon in May.
If you're out of the country and want to watch Netflix, HBO or another streaming service you can normally get in the states, but can't get abroad, you can sign into the Berkeley Cisco VPN to regain access.
Are these "recycling bags" allowed for the bottles and cans recycling bin in Berkeley?
Berkeley balcony collapse: Police believe some of the dead and injured may not have been on the balcony when it began to give way and that pals 'fell from fourth floor trying to save friends as structure gave way'.
UC teaching faculty members not to criticize race-based affirmative action, call America ‘melting pot,’ and more
What is "substantial mathematical content"?
NYT's public editor criticizes the Times' reporting on the balcony collapse as "insensitive"
Telegraph Ave Warriors Championship Celebrations
Library Gardens under scrutiny before balcony collapse. Yelp comments: unreliable and negligent management, dirty facilities and high rent for small, noisy apartments. Councilman Jesse Arreguín: "the property management had a history of not properly responding to tenant requests for repairs".
Flags flying at half mast on State buildings - RTÉ News
To address student concerns, UC Berkeley's University Health Services has provided a yearlong transition-assistance fund for students currently enrolled in the 2014-15 SHIP dependent plan. The dependent plan, which currently covers about 200 dependents, is set to expire August 15.
Six who died in Berkeley at Library Gardens' balcony collapse: Young students in their prime. Ashley Donohoe, 22, Sonoma State University student from Rohnert Park, California; and Olivia Burke, Eimeair Walsh, Eoghan Culligan, Nick Schuster and Lorcán Miller, all 21 years old and from Ireland. RIP.
Obtaining Undergraduate Research
I feel slightly cheated by Berkeley
What's with the burping "study"?
How hard is stat 134 really?
5 dead, 8 injured in Berkeley balcony collapse
Here's how the Berkeley balcony collapse left 5 Irish students dead
Too much work?
A number of young Irish people have died in a balcony collapse in Berkeley, California
Like Salsa, Beer or Games? Or all three? Come downtown this Sunday!
Waitlists of deCals
What happened to Peet's on Shattuck and Kittredge?
Miscalculate grade confirmed by GSI but still not changed
Ilaf Esuf: "Sri Lankan parents take on the unwritten contract of being responsible for clothing, feeding, housing and educating their children beyond the 18 years that declare them an adult — meaning children are guaranteed a support system till death." As immigrants, her family only has each other.
Daily Cal: "Berkeley Police Department's report on its actions during the December [Black Lives Matter] protests disappointed many members of the community. It cherry-picked facts, lacked accountability and failed to include many meaningful recommendations."
Officers with the California Highway Patrol's Oakland Division talked a man out of jumping into traffic from a busy highway overpass Sunday morning in Berkeley.
27 Berkeley High students were awarded $16,000 over four years in need-based college scholarships and one-on-one mentorships by the the Berkeley Community Fund (BCF). Most are first-generation college students, and many are immigrants. 90% of its students have graduated or are pursuing their degree.
[Free-For-All Mondays] Talk about whatever you want!
Video of the goats
Anyone have feedback on Professor Eugene Wu?
Lost my drivers license at Calso, what do I do next?
Philosophy 12a for a freshman?
Political Science Grad Study at Berkeley?
Transportation between UCSF and Cal
Incoming freshman staying at Berkeley for the summer. What are some things I can join/get involved in before the semester starts?
[Selfie Sunday] [Community Poll] Would you approve of these new rules?
Going from 16b to 1b?
[Sunday Weekly] Ask your University or housing related questions here!
For admissions conditions, is a "C-" acceptable?
I found a phone last night...
Is CS 61A and Math 54 manageable for your first semester?
Has anyone volunteered for YEAH?
Explosion west/southside?
Volunteer programs related to mentoring/tutoring
Pre-med clinical volunteering
Berkeley's "Right To Know" cell phone ordinance - a debate
Is it alright to wait until July to find an apartment for fall? Seems like all apartments want a lease immediately forcing an extra month of unneeded rent.
Berkeley Landlords Form Political Action Committee to Raise Half Million per Year
As part of an annual tradition that has taken place for the last 18 summers, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory has brought back a herd of goats to graze the surrounding hills.
Wheeler Hall is scheduled to shut down next year as it receives an eco-friendly upgrade nearly 100 years after its establishment in 1917. The hall will remain closed through January 2017 while the improvements are made.
Guys can I get some clarification about Thanksgiving Break?
Thoughts on the Albany Bulb Eviction (a followup to yesterday's post)
Christian/religious clubs during the summer?
[Serious] EECS vs. CS
Undergraduate Physics Schedule Help
Taking Intro to Solid Mechanics online this summer?
Jeffrey MacKie-Mason, the dean of the University of Michigan's School of Information since 2010, has been named UC Berkeley’s University Librarian. He succeeds Tom Leonard, who is retiring at the end of June after 15 years in the position.
Looking for someone who knows how to play Game of Thrones (for this Saturday)
An Open Letter From an Albany Bulb Resident to Visitors
Hip-Hop/Rap Show @ Gold and Gifted 6/20
Incoming Freshman seeking Political Science or French advice regarding breadth requirements and the major as a whole.
Former Cal baseball player Chris Paul drafted in the sixth round of the 2015 Major League Baseball amateur draft by the Minnesota Twins, making this the eighth consecutive year that a Cal baseball player has been drafted.
Season snapshots: Cal women's water polo takes down Stanford after 15 years, ending a losing streak that spanned all the way back to the end of Bill Clinton's presidency in 2000.
Berkeley City Council meeting ended abruptly Tuesday night. Members of the audience repeatedly shouted out catcalls and slurs at council members, interrupted their discussions and expressed contempt. There was a shouting match between Mayor Bates and Paul Matzner, Save the Shattuck Cinemas founder.
Berkeley Low Income Apartments Question
Where can I find willing women to have "fun" with?
[SHOTS FIRED] Verdict on /u/Samses94 issue.
fuck the fatties
How often do hook-ups occur at Berkeley? Particularly the dorms?
Come on guys, are you even trying?
[META] Regarding /u/Samses94 and "post monopolies"
Patricia Serpa on her "long, arduous journey" about her first-ever apartment. Fleas, skunks, mold, unannounced visits from the landlord who would yell at them for the mold, a family of racoons on the roof, a skunk under the unit, an eviction threat, and the landlord's sudden heart attack and death.
Residents will see an average 24 percent hike in their water bills after approval from the East Bay Municipal Utility District, to make up for revenue lost during the drought. The typical household, using 246 gallons of water per day, will see its monthly bill rise a little less than $12 — to $60.
After Cody's Books and Shakespeare &amp; Co. Books' closures, Moe's Books is the only remaining bookstore on Telegraph Avenue near campus. Owner Doris Moskowitz said Telegraph Avenue "doesn't get the same attention" as the rest of Berkeley, making it a "pretty brutal" place for a bookstore to thrive.
People's Park volunteers clash with UC Berkeley officials over decision on stage maintenance. In the case of stage repairs, the request to use electrical saws and sanders was considered a safety risk to the volunteers, community and university.
Is it okay to phase 2 cs70?
Math 54 with Nadler on Waitlist
CS Advice
fixed gear in berkeley
Starting in fall 2015, all applicants to UC Berkeley will now have the opportunity to submit two letters of recommendation.
Fall 2015 Math 53, E. Gomez--teaching style?
cs major application results?
The City of Berkeley will repave 11 miles of about 40 streets by October after Measure M, which was approved by 73% of voters in 2012, provides $30 million for "street repaving/rehabilitation and related green infrastructure" over five years.
After the painting over of a number of Nobel laureate parking designations near Gilman Hall, the campus is continuing its more than 30-year-old practice of giving Nobel laureates free parking spaces by moving the spaces close to Campbell Hall, which finished seismic retrofitting earlier this year.
Former Cal women's basketball players Brittany Boyd, Reshanda Gray make WNBA debuts
Pros/Cons of waiving SHIP?
The article written days ago entitled "On leaving Islam " has been removed from the Daily Cal because "of personal safety concerns."
Average class load?
Double Major Application Reject
Anybody know where I can print stuff for free on campus during the summer?
Why is no one asking the real question about last night's blackout?
Anyone know a good dry cleaner?
Language of Instruction of Courses
CS Petition Deadline
tonight's power outage...
Does anyone have any stories of staying in Tilden Park after dark?
A panel appointed to allocate taxes collected from Measure D, the sugar-sweetened beverage tax, recommended $250,000 be advanced to the Berkeley Unified School District's beleaguered cooking and gardening program. $116,000 was raised from the soda tax in its first month of operation.
The Wireless Association on Monday asked a U.S. federal court in California to strike a a recently passed Berkeley ordinance that would require retailers to warn customers about mobile phone radiation, on the grounds that it violates the First Amendment and preempts federal law.
Just before the December 2014 Black Lives Matter protests in Berkeley began, police planned to "Get'um (the protesters) running!" and, on the first night of demonstrations, used the bulk of their tear gas and less-than-lethal ammo, according to police documents.
Power outage
Summer Soccer Leagues?
How soon after graduation do library privileges end?
Art&amp;Literature or International Studies Breadth Recommendations
Q &amp; A and video w/ UC Berkeley urban foraging researcher Philip Stark
Martinez apartments bed
Places to practice skateboarding?
Any good books specifically ABOUT UC Berkeley?
On Saturday, Berkeley community activists attempted to raise balloons almost 200 feet high to visualize the impact of a proposed 18-story mixed-use building in Downtown Berkeley, which is currently in the process of receiving approval for construction.
(How to) Beat Backpage Prostitution Police Stings (for Dummies)
Diet advice for muscle building at Berkeley?
cs labs?
Newly admitted but already have to "skip" fall semester. Help!
Missing Classes in the second week of the semester
Muslim apostate at Cal has had to retract her article due to safety concerns. Fuck that shit. http://www.dailycal.org/2015/05/29/editors-note-blog/.
Bear Transit from Clark Kerr to BART?
"Study lounge" at Stanford. If only public schools had this type of money...
CalSO help?
Sorority rushing as an incoming transfer student
Looking for a summer sublet
UC Study Abroad Timeline?
Seeking people who are familiar with how FBI and Department of Homeland Security investigations are conducted.
Looking for a summer tennis partner
Please support Yuki Iizuka -- A Cal alum, lacrosse player, and UCSD medical student who was injured in fatal car accident involving a wrong-way DUI driver
Anybody know where I can find the graduating GPA averages for each major at Cal?
Where to buy brand sun glasses for cheap?
We've reached our Kickstarter goal with 13 days left in the campaign! Your additional support will help make Victory Point Cafe an even better board game cafe - please check us out.
Anyone in UGBA 103? Has your grade changed?
Can anyone point me in the direction of the syllabi for Physics 7B and 7C
Experiences with CS70 TAs this summer?
BCC students...
Applied Mathematics: Off-the-Menu Clusters
Dorms, if you could describe them in one word, what would it be, and why?
Just found out my housing for next year!
Where do I live and why?
Cal Bears Shop closing 80% off everything!
Just a normal day on Shattuck. Did she think it would make her hair dry?
Question for those who have taken Physics 7B, CE C30/ME 85 or CE 60
GPA for Dean's Honors in Engineering?
Differences between CS 61A and CS 61AS
Conservation and resource studies
Former UC Berkeley cop who cracked Jaycee Dugard case battles cancer
Changing majors late
Online vs in-classroom summer courses?
Recommendations on first semester course selection
TIL Louis Sachar, author of the Wayside School series and "Holes", is a Cal alumni. His first book in the series was published 2 years after he graduated from Cal with an Economics degree, and it has sold over 4 million copies since then.
Econ + Poli Sci Double Major?
New to Berkeley? Come play some games and meet friendly people!
Has anyone received a grade this late?
$10,000 Hackathon - “SparkHack” - June 12-14
Workload of Math 1b over the summer?
Tips for a foreign student
How is the "New" Cloyne experience?
survey on college tuition
EE 126 or CS 188?
Intended Econ and L&amp;S CS Double Major as "Spring" Admit Course Planning
Would Berkeley be better off admitting students to a direct major in L&amp;S instead of being undeclared?
Sports over summer
CalSO June 18-19 + Session C Housing Question
Berkeley High recalls yearbook due to offensive comment. It describes the Academy of Medicine and Public Service (AMPS) as, "a small learning community focus [sic] on medicine, making our future doctors, dentists, nurses, physicians, fire chiefs and trash collators [sic]."
Out of state student parking suggestion.
Bicycle Sting Operation
Why would covering dependents on SHIP suddenly add $6m in costs? And why now?
Shakespeare &amp; Co. closes after 51 years in Berkeley
Elon Musk watches our professors -- go Professor Russell!
Hip-hop dance lessons?
CS Kickstart
So I figured out why people have so much trouble getting subletters
Game(s) of Thrones night at the Freehouse - June 13th
OATS trips via Berkeley Outdoor Recreational?
Jared Goff Highlights!
Living in Soda Hall for the Summer Session
Late Night?
UC announces UC Riverside graduate student Marcela Ramirez as next student-regent nominee after she beat 45 other applicants. Ramirez serves as a representative on the UC Office of the President LGBT Advisory Committee and was previously on the undocumented student task force at UC Riverside.
For the first time, the Berkeley Public Schools Fund has reached $1 million in annual fundraising. It has collected over $13 million to date for the Berkeley Unified School District (BUSD), providing classroom grants for 300 teachers in the district each year that benefit over 10,000 students.
Christine Daniel, the Berkeley city manager, will be leaving to work as assistant city administrator in Oakland. She was paid a salary of $225,000 and benefits of about $76,800 in 2013 for her work as city manager.
Christine Daniel, the Berkeley city manager, will be leaving to work as assistant city administrator in Oakland. She was paid a salary of $225,000 and benefits of about $76,800 in 2013 for her work as city manager.
UC announces UC Riverside graduate student Marcela Ramirez as next student-regent nominee after beating out 45 other applicants. Ramirez is serving as the graduate student representative on the UC Office of the President on the undocumented student task force at UC Riverside.
Running Partner
Join Berkeley Browser Study to improve Firefox!
What's the status of the Hearst Anthropology Museum?
Anyone want to be my friend? 0_o
Best single day Overnight Parking in Berkeley?
The ASUC Student Union Board of Directors has chosen House of Pi, Asado, True Blue Burgers and Root 150 as restaurants to open in the Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union. The complex will also include a reopened Bear's Lair, a full restaurant and bar, that will be managed by Chartwells.
Nicholas Dirks: "Intercollegiate athletics crucial to academic values". Many of our students — athletes, musicians, performers or scientists — pursue their interests with passion. Only a handful of students become actual professionals. This does not invalidate the effort to strive for excellence.
Claudia Covello: If Berkeley did not discontinue dependent health insurance and assuming enrollment in SHIP stays consistent, undergraduates would have paid an additional $193 and graduate students would have paid an additional $384 per year, on top of existing premium increases.
Is Haas Undergraduate really that much better than Econ?
Bear Lincoln - Give [Raucous Funk from the East Bay]
Any IB majors (preferably graduates or upperclassmen) willing to talk about classes?
Eleven auto burglaries in or near UC Berkeley campus in May. Stay safe everyone!
Free Spaghetti Western Screening: Django (1966)
Female 20 year old transfer looking for a roommate for on campus housing! :) Anyone looking for a roommate, or know someone who is looking?
Cal Band Day 2014
Cheapest gym in Berkeley?
How does Berkeley view the other UCs?
Parking is so expensive!
What's up with the UCs being Hillary's 11th highest donor?
What's up the UCs being Hillary's 11th highest contributor?
Organized Basketball at Berkeley
How to prepare for Math 1A/1B?
Anybody selling a television?
Berkeley Cares: UC Berkeley already asking incoming freshmen for donations
Freshman EECS schedule
Taking CS 160 and 162 concurrently over the summer
Is it possible to successfully major in computer science without any prior programming experience?
A website called Canary Mission is targeting University of California Berkeley and other college students for expressing their political views, especially people they claim support anti-American and anti-Israeli messages. One of their goals is to prevent these students from getting jobs.
Daniel DeWitt, the mentally ill man who bludgeoned Peter Cukor to death in his Berkeley Hills home in 2012, was sentenced Friday to 33 years to life at the Napa State Hospital.
yik yak
New Subway on Northside?
Anyone need housing for the next year?
Iconic burger joint Oscar's to close and be replaced by salad chain Sweetgreen
University Of San Francisco Becomes First College To Adopt Callisto, A New Rape Reporting System
Best Dorm at Berkeley?
Goff named the top prospect in next years draft
Berkeley school board officials are considering tougher enrollment requirements to curb illegal enrollment in the district. BUSD did 477 home visits this school year, both in the summer and spring of 2015. As a result, 80 students were asked to leave the district as they were not living in Berkeley.
Berkeley rental rates skyrocket, causing headaches for students and those on middle incomes. Zillow: Berkeley rents for all types of units, from studios to homes, were 30.9% higher than this time last year. The increases are credited to housing scarcity and competition from well-paid tech employees.
Berkeley Unified School District counselor Sophina Jones grew up homeless with a substance-abusing mother, barely passing high school with some D's and F's. She displays her high school transcript and college diplomas on her wall to remind homeless students there are ways out of poverty.
Any tutoring for CS classes over summer?
Student speaker, Michael Shaw, absolutely crushes his English Department commencement speech.
Counter-Terrorism Officials Helped Track Black Lives Matter Protesters
Upper div math class?
Is taking two technicals really going to be that horrific?
Support student families at UC Berkeley! Don't take away our health insurance!
gpa below cap major?
61A Over Summer
Should I take the 8 AM Math 54 with Nadler or the afternoon one with Serganova?
Jerome Wingert, 33, who drove the wrong way on the freeway, and fled from authorities after causing a traffic collision in Berkeley on May 18, was arrested early Wednesday. He was involved in two other high-profile pursuits with Bay Area police in the past seven years and has a young daughter.
Kamahl Middleton tried to shield fiancée Rebekah Cleberg during a fatal Berkeley shooting in December 2014 near a 99 Cents store. He died after the two arranged to trade with another man about 1½ pounds of a strain of medical marijuana called "Girl Scout Cookies," for a donation of $3,200.
Susan Oxtoby, senior film curator at the UC Berkeley Art Museum/Pacific Film Archive, received the French Chevalier in the Order of Arts and Letters. Next week, she will be awarded a Medal of Honor by the Republic of Georgia.
Finding the courses you just added on bcourses
Gyms in Berkeley
CalSO fk up
Personal Project Ideas
Hopeful cc transfer to Berkeley in the fall, with a few questions -especially to Cog Sci Majors
Short-term rentals through online rental company Airbnb are squeezing out Berkeley renters. 400 rent-controlled units now being used only as short-term rentals.
Swim star Missy Franklin leaves Berkeley to train in Colorado after completing her sophomore year at Cal.
Christian fellowships over the summer?
I dunno how many other people grew up on Oscar's burgers, but fyi, it's closing down soon so you'd better get your fill while you can!
Where are the best places to poop on campus?
Denero and Horowitz from CS Commencement?
I found our new mascot!
Looking for a roommate
Come support local game 'Vikings of Dragonia' at Henry's Pub!
Come support local game 'Vikings of Dragonia' at
Is H1B that bad? Any way to survive?
Found graduation photo, May 23 at Bancroft and College
Have anyone took ethnic studies 122AC with Price?
I feel like such a failure as an EECS.
Getting an A in CS70
Failed a course at community college before applying to Berkeley; didn't mention any of my classes there. But now I want credit for the rest of my classes there, will I be rescinded for not reporting the F?
Can you have a D and a D- on your core upper division courses to graduate engineering?
Norwegian student Karina Harkestad has a congenital muscle disease and personal care assistants paid for by Bergen, Norway. A council regulation prohibits these assistants from leaving the municipality for more than five weeks per year, so her studying abroad at UC Berkeley has been jeopardized.
Are new professors generally easier or harder?
Large waste disposal
Where to find Berkeley GPA?
Pieter Abbeel's research enables robots to learn through trial and error. The robot assembled a toy plane, screwed a cap on a water bottle, and put a clothes hanger on a rack without receiving information about its environment or instructions on how to perform each stage of the task.
How has your social experience been at Cal? Worried as a potential transfer.
Taking 61a this summer... How to prepare
Supply Chain Management Courses?
best decal to take?
Which math should I take
Math 191 in the fall
how do you find subletters?
Will UC Berkeley Rescind Me?
Psych 133
Do members of the alumni association keep access to Cal's online libraries?
Haas admissions question:
The Fieri Sharks on Patrol.
My chances of getting admitted into here
Questions about Haas and Legal Studies summer session workload?
University of Berkley best Berkley
Failed a prereq, can I retake it at a community college?
Willing to buy Cal 2014 Tassel at high price
As a high school senior, will my admission be rescinded with one C-?
Machine Shop Access
I'm an incoming grad student with some questions on off campus housing
Is it possible to switch to EECS?
Incoming ChemE Freshmen w/ Comp. Sci Minor. Advice needed!
CS 61A and Math 1B over the summer
Former UC Berkeley Grad and In-N-Out Burger Flipper Disables Car, Attempts to Murder Boss in Parking Lot
Just finished junior year econ major...plans fell through for summer...now in Berkeley, no internships or anything!! :(
Design Minor?
Physics 7C over the summer/Declaring the major
Computer science professor Dan Klein in high school
Tom Barnidge: If Berkeley shoppers don't have to pay the soda tax, does it really exist? A CVS store on Shattuck Avenue sold a 1.5-liter bottle of Pepsi-Cola for the same price as a CVS in Concord, which has no soda tax. The Shattuck store absorbed the soda tax.
After home invasion at 3:10 Friday afternoon, Berkeley resident says lock up. As of Thursday, there have been at least 57 burglaries in Berkeley this month.
Team seeking front-end technical co-founder
...And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end.
Political Economy vs Environmental Econ
Going to Cal's grad school after getting an undergraduate degree here?
Submitted non-intended major class for Transfer Edge, will this affect my acceptance into Transfer Edge program?
Cheat sheet for dealing with insensitive remarks at home?
Organic chemists have any funky disulfides/diselenides?
Math 54 textbook
What to wear to fraternity rush?
In an effort to keep costs low for its 23,000 users, SHIP will no longer offer coverage for dependents of students beginning this fall, prompting outcry from some whose children or partners may be adversely affected by the change. 0.9 percent (200 students) used the service.
Which to self study over summer: Math 54 or CS61B?
Should I take an online class over the summer?
Post-finals angst
Should I take 61B without 61A?
Author retracts study of changing minds on same-sex marriage after colleague admits data were faked
I just failed Math 54 twice (I got D's both times), can I retake it again/what are my options?
Saw this virtual reality startup on campus during dead week. What do you guys think?
Changing bmail display name
I failed a class that I seriously didn't expect to fail. What are my options?
Forwarding berkeley.edu email to gmail?
Manchester United coming to Memorial Stadium
Readmission?
Victory Point Cafe's KickStarter is Live! Berkeley's First Board Game Cafe Would Love Your Support
If i got a c+ in 61a should i still do cs?
HELP! Gender/Women's Studies
How does NP look to grad schools?
Seriously short notice, but I'm visiting today to see if Cal is the school for me.
A simulator showing why buses bunch up
Stats131a workload
Grad School Possibilities
Software Engineering Internship
7-story building, "The Village", no parking, proposed on 2556 Telegraph Avenue
Easiest FPF Classes:
CS 61C over Summer?
IB 118
Easy 2 unit summer classes?
Is Pimentel being renovated?
I still need to make a decision for college, and I need help!
A place I can get a stitchable UC Berkeley seal?
Crossposting "I graduated from Berkeley with a mediocre GPA in December and have been unemployed ever since. I have no work experience, no internships, no side projects, nothing to put on my resume except my degree" from /r/cscareerquestions
Applied math in CS vs pure Computer Science
RSF Summer Membership
Issues trying to forward Berkeley email
Failed one of my requirement for graduation, what do to?
The Telegraph Business Improvement District revisited a code of conduct for Telegraph Avenue first proposed in 2004 that would prohibit acts such as aggressive panhandling, amplified music that disturbs others, open alcoholic beverages and smoking on any sidewalk in the commercial district.
Soda tax raises $116,000 of revenue in first month
Munchery.com is offering $20 of free food delivered to San Francisco bay area residents.
I want to change my intended major, how should I approach enrollment?
Issues with enrollment
Now that underhill fields are under construction, where do people play pick up soccer?
When/where do we get our diplomas?
Graduation honors cord / stole?
Financial aid issue
Green Day Played A Surprise Show At Berkeley’s DIY Venue 924 Gilman Over The Weekend
Help us earn an A in 'Social and Emergent Media' @ Berkeley City College!
EECS
What happened to Build Pizzeria?
Just saw a bunch of cop cars go down Hearst, what's going on tonight?
CS61B Academic Honesty Email Curiosity
Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff gave the spring 2015 commencement keynote address. The class of 2015 gift committee raised more than $90,000 in donations for the campus and will have a memorial plaque installed in Dwinelle Plaza.
Lily Colby, who has been a foster care kid and mom and is dyslexic, graduated from Berkeley Law. She will marry her fiancé two days after graduation and plans to foster children with him.
Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff gave the spring 2015 commencement keynote address. The class of 2015 gift committee raised more than $90,000 in donations for the campus and will have a memorial plaque installed in Dwinelle Plaza.
Licensed Windows 8 on Linux computer?
MCB 102 Summer
On-demand pick up of your unwanted items. $5 a bag. Now in Berkeley.
Bearfacts down?
advice for new graduates
Physically assaulted by roommate day of Graduation. Should the school be involved with this?
[survey] 7 Question /r/Berkeley GPA survey [Current and Former Cal Undergrads only]
DUI checkpoint. Enjoy your night, but be safe and responsible.
Things to save/download before losing all your access after graduating
Academic Probation
Looking for cap and gown.
Reflections on CS 61A
I'm a prospective EECS student transferring from Berkeley Community College this fall...are any of you a person who is/was in a situation similar to mine and got into the program?
Who is this commencement speaker, and why isn't he Guy Fieri?
New York Times Public Editor Apologizes for 'Jewish Litmus Test' for Berkeley PhD Candidate
"The truth about UC Berkeley's grade deflation": Average grades awarded at Berkeley are below those awarded at Harvard, Yale, and Stanford.
CS61A Grading Scale Adjustments
Two new power racks coming to the RSF, and other new equipment this July!
Berkeley Police to Conduct DUI Checkpoint
Sociology 180C dropped question?
Bcourses Down?
CS 61A Question
Is anyone here involved in politics, and know CSS? If so, you could be the mod of /r/StudentsforSanders
How do finals work during summer classes? Is their a finals week or something similar?
Lindsay Choi on the English major at UC Berkeley: "The problem is that the overcrowding of white male authors in the 'foundational' literary canon silences minority voices, and this is an act of oppression."
Anyone in Berkeley need a roomate?
Hidden camera found in women's bathroom at UC Berkeley's Unit One Staff Bathroom
GSI thinks I'm cheating??? :/
Stole/Sash Cultural Appropration
Does someone have a recommendation for a carpet cleaner?
UCB Economics Transfer Question
Why are summer classes double the listed price?
Napolitano, Jerry Brown strike deal on UC tuition hikes
Rhetoric v. English
Berkeley rated # 1 U.S. College for a Major in Public Health... I love EECS, but it's nice to post some recognition for my own field!
Berkeley rated # 1 U.S. Colleges for a Major in Public Health... I love EECS, but it's nice to post some recognition for my own field!
Alumni Advantage
When student regents cast their vote, are they representatives of the students or trustees of the UC system? Student Regent Avi Oved will have to decide for himself which role he will play when he takes over from Sadia Saifuddin in July.
Adena Ishii wrote an op-ed in response to a UC Berkeley student who said Berkeley should not accept community college students because it "should be reserved for those who worked hard". She is a Haas graduate who runs the Transfer Service Community program at Berkeley Community College.
Aaron Rodgers misses a Jeopardy question about Steve Wozniak and Cal but wins the game
Is there a summer unit cap?
RSF Field House Finals Proctor Guy
Sonic internet in Berkeley
Need help with Econ transfer!
Berkeley Organization for Animal Advocacy held a protest at the Safeway on Shattuck Avenue, accusing the stores of condoning animal abuse by stocking meat and dairy products. When they refused to leave, a security guard ripped the group's posters and threw one activist's phone to the ground.
UC Berkeley, MIT scientists argue over patent rights to gene-editing tool
Top skill I'm taking away from my 4 years here
Summer bike storage?
Hot ASU Coed's First Assfuck and Anal Creampie - FULL BRCC
Berkeley Student Explodes
Becky Squirts fucks BBC
Berkeley Professor Accused of Sexual Assault
Where can I get boxes?
I Need (2) Graduation Stoles!
You guys are terrifying me with all the talk about depression, anxiety, and retaking classes.
Open team in Dynasty Baseball League
Stanford Professor Calls Cal Students "Unworthy"
Terrorist Takes Cal Students Hostage in Barrows
Cal Band's canvas duffel bags -- What's the brand?
Berkeley City Council unanimously passes first read of Cell Phone warning ordinance requiring retailers to place warnings in stores regarding potential risk of RF and EMF radiation.
Molecular environmental biology major Valle Rogers was a spring admit and is now graduating with a 3.975 GPA. His grandmother, 102-year-old Florence Rogers, received the University Medal as the most distinguished member of the entire senior class when she graduated in 1935.
Graduating and still a virgin... it's making me depressed.
What problems have you been dealing with during college?
Cal Students Use Squirrels to Commit Suicide
Munchery.com - $20 worth of free food for first timers when you use my link. (no minimum, no gratuity)
Have you ever been fired from a Summer Internship?
Leaked Photos of Catherine Straus Nude
Purposely Failing a Class
The Truth About Catherine Straus
UC Berkeley Class of 2015 Commencement Information
Easy to pass Haas classes?
Nuclear Warhead Found in Sproul Hall
Out-of-State Community College to UC Berkeley Junior Transfer Advice?
The autonomous drone that is currently on the front page was developed by two Berkeley grads.
Reminder: Do NOT leave your personal belongings unattended for any length of time in Main Stacks or Moffit (or any library, for that matter). Chances are, they will not be there when you return!
PUBLIC POLICY c103 FINAL?! REICH
waitlist position for a discussion?
Selling General Commencement Graduate Ticket
Berkeley Cares: UC Berkeley graduate commencement tickets selling for over $400 on StubHub
Graduate Commencement Tickets
Questions about gen commencement
Dolly for moving?
Mailing to Oregon to avoid Taxes
Onion Rings
Catherine Straus says "Cut the dick shaming" and then proceeds to humiliate the poor anonymous guy she hooked up with who must feel better after reading her article
Cal dining
Nuclear Warhead Found in Sproul Hall
Anyone down to smoke?
How to Eat a Berkeley Squirrel Properly
Researching Immortality
One Year Transfer Question! Help!!
Anyone in History 124B want to swap notes for the final?
Is it a good idea for a Transfer Student to take CS61A During Summer? Any advice?
Why should I care about going to graduation?
High school student with 90(quarter) units at cc, apply as ??
Readmission Process
Warning - Craigslist Con Artist still at large
Math 54 wodzicki final
Berkeley Summer Session Housing
This majorly flopped on /r/videos, but I think y'all might appreciate it a bit more. I present to you my friend's English 80K "Children's Literature" final project.
Ethnic studies major Danny Murillo spent 14 years in prison (six of which were in solitary confinement) for two robberies starting 1997. He is graduating this week and will be pursuing a doctoral degree in American or ethnic studies with a focus on prison reform.
Ethnic studies major Danny Murillo spent 15 years in prison (six of which were in solitary confinement) for two robberies starting 1997. He is graduating this week with and will be pursuing a doctoral degree in American or ethnic studies with a focus on prison reform.
Having Sex Before Finals
Hiring Somebody to Take My Final For Me
Appealing to Cal as a transfer.
To fail or not to fail
PSA for males at Berkeley
mealpointssss
East Bay Municipal Utility District to switch to water with increased algae levels. Two-thirds of East Bay residents may notice a different taste and smell in their tap and shower water.
failing cs61b
Need maid for regular cleanings asap!
The new "Positive Change" program: People can put money in tamperproof donation boxes to fund social services programs for the homeless. Homeless community advocates said they saw it as a way to discourage panhandling and make life tougher for homeless people.
Experiences in Intro to American Politics?
sneaking into general commencement as a graduating senior
Even Batman recognizes the CS MASTER RACE
Summer Math Waitlists?
Anyone in Berkely tell me my chances of getting in...?
Berkeley Cares: Squirrels at UC Berkeley appear to have larger than normal balls
Research Opportunities
Saving seats in main stacks......
Offering a seat in Main Stacks
As a new incoming freshman starting school this fall, what should I know about Cal going in?
How hard is it to get into Haas Undergrad?
The Chronicle of Higher Education: Berkeley to Stop Adding Lecture Videos to YouTube, Citing Budget Cuts. This will save the university about $300,000 per year.
cs 61c, cs70 difficulty?
Do I need to keep my intended major as a transfer student?
FullDive Wear virtual reality headset, created by Cal Graduates, available for pre-order for $29!
Transfer Student w/ Housing Questions!
Best Library for a Visitor to Study?
Making friends near Berkeley...
Does the college of letters and science accept AP Physics credit?
Curious to hear from some CogSci majors
Stats 20 Cheating
Best place to find a sublet in Berkeley this summer?
Questions for Philosophy and/or Film majors.
Global Edge London feedback/advice?
Gym Options For Non-Berkeley Grads
Operations Research/Industrial Engineering
Running Away From Home to Increase Financial Aid
Does the wifi on the Berkeley-Davis shuttle ever work?
Key smith here?
housing dilemma- advice needed!
Official Anon Confession Thread for Spring 2015
New Berkeley admit - walked out on AP test, scared I might get rescinded
Redditors of Berkeley, /r/dnbhl needs your help solving a puzzle!
Is anon con even happening anymore?
I might be the only one
Good alternative majors to CS?
ASTRONOMY W12 WBL
Reentry students: how difficult was admission for you?
What happens when you can't find a sublet for the summer?
How hard is it for transfers to make friends?
Where do most people go upon graduation? What are you seniors doing?
The Last Late Night Freshman and Senior Year
The Last Late Night - Freshman and Senior Year
Best Unique Fruits/Veggies at Berkeley Bowl?
[New question thread] New and old admits, ask your questions here!
This is a kind reminder that you should be careful when talking about your offers.
We live in Chinatown.
Is CalSO worth it?
Cleaning fee upon move-out
We live in Chinatown.
5 star Caleb Swanigan de-commits from MSU... is Cal's basketball team about to get it's 3rd 5-star recruit??
Gamer groups in Berkeley that focus on action and FPS games?
When and where the naked run will start??
Starting UC Berkeley in January?
Seeking Muay Thai &amp; BJJ instructors for new MMA &amp; athletic training facility.
UC Student looking for residence near UC Berkeley campus from mid-June to early September!
Selling Macbook Air to Apple Store
Anyone interested in going to the DOTA 2 championship?
UC Berkeley SJP displays their hate - SJP member makes racist tweets
General commencement ceremony graduation ticket
Can I take summer classes at my CC before transfer?
How is Transfer Edge?
Berkeley Econ or USC Marshall??! Transfer Student
Summer School Q's
I am doing my housing app RIGHT NOW. What should I put for my preferences?
I got in off the waitlist (LSA). Decision pending, requires assistance.
People in CS61B, is it just me or is there truly nothing negative about Josh Hug?
Anthro 107
Budget Appeal for a New Laptop
Berkeley researchers: California's low-wage workers now earn less than in 1979. In 2013, the median income of low-wage workers' families was $29,100, compared to $63,000 for all California families, a gap that has widened since 2000.
Berkeley neighbors met at the Berkeley Police Department to take on "noisy and drunken parties". Some weekends, 50-75% of the Alta Bates emergency beds were filled with drunk students, forcing the hospital to divert other incoming patients to Oakland.
Economics major Radhika Kannan, whose mother died suddenly during her junior year, received the University Medal, which is awarded to UC Berkeley's top graduating senior. She received a near-perfect GPA and will be delivering a commencement speech that will touch on the unpredictability of life.
Economics major Radhika Kannan, whose mother died suddenly during her junior year, received the University Medal, which is awarded to UC Berkeley's top graduating senior. She received a near-perfect GPA and will be delivering a commencement speech that will on the unpredictability of life.
Trumpet lessons?
Grad Student Budgeting
Incomplete Grades
First time doing summer school, waitlist question! Intro to Financial Accounting
Come play 'Pandemic' with us!
Berkeley Forum panel on public higher education shut down amid protest
New International clueless Grad student and LoL/Hots player looking for answers
Edwin Moran found the 2004-issued Cal 1 card of graduate student Sarita Ann Yardi in his backyard. She is now an assistant professor at the University of Michigan School of Information.
Cal 1 Card issued in 2004, found in backyard traced to Michigan professor
Someone just stole my bike -- if you see it ping me please!
Taking CS188 and TA-ing CS61C in the Summer - How busy will I be?
Taking pre reqs outside of Haas?
Should I live in North Berkeley to be closer to Haas or downtown for a better social scene? Hate biking, parking is a pain for car.
Is cs61c+cs70 in the summer doable?
Berkeley Engineering
Any open Cinco de Mayo parties tonight?
Dorm housing for upperclassmen
Two bar patrons were stabbed Saturday by two male panhandlers with dogs on Telegraph Avenue
Test out Virtual Reality Created by Cal Graduates tommorrow! Link in description.
Mark Twain stories, 150 years old, uncovered by Berkeley scholars (xpost /r/books)
Has anyone else lost the ability to connect to AirBears2?
Econ major transfer question.
Prospective CS transfer for fall 2016, looking for advice
How's MATH 116 as a first Math upper div?
Math 1B - 53 - 54 Chemistry 1A - 3A - Physics 8A Final Review Videos.
Questions about transferring. Please help mates.
Student Guy Fairon said Jimi Hendrix's face had been painted 40 years ago on the Northwest corner of the Sather Gate Bridge by hippies as part of the festivities. He called the anarchist who painted an anarchist symbol over the face an "anonymous coward and ignorant fool".
Michael Williams will be named Cal’s athletic director after filling that role on an interim basis for nearly a year
National Science Foundation questions UC Berkeley's use of $1.9 million on senior personnel salary costs and meal expenditures
Any club sports that are less than $100 a semester?
Good place for group of about 15 to eat after general commencement on saturday 5/16
Just Guys: Eulogizing Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Need of advice. Stats 131A versus Stats 20.
UC Berkeley Experiences Data Breach
Recommendations for a major I can finish in two years or less?
Post (department) commencement fancy dinner places?
How is Berkeley from the eyes of the students?
Mystery in South Hall?
Incoming Freshman- EECS- What should I know?
How hard is it to get off the summer waitlist?
Tang confidentiality?
To those of you who live in Martinez Commons
Graduates of the class of 2015, how would you rate your four years at Cal?
How's the Stats major?
I requested a double, chance I get a triple?
Want some photos on-campus?
Mayweather Pac fight.
Berkeley for Bernie - through peopleforbernie.com! Meeting on May 9th, 2015!
#talkpay: Let's share our internship and full-time offers. Alumni welcome.
Best place to watch Mayweather vs. Pacquiao?
Which renting company should I watch out?
Cal facing BYU in Rugby Varsity Cup right now
Where can I watch the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight tomorrow?
Help out a hopeful high schooler?
Incoming transfer student, quick question about basketball games..
Cal Language Learners: Did you get smarter?
So this video of Robert Reich and Conan exists
Jaylen Brown, top-five national hoops prospect, picks Cal
School of Public Health graduate student Micha Zheng on improving anonymous course and professor evaluations: "Doesn't the campus want to know which professors are causing harm to students through microaggressions or other discriminatory course policies?"
Attorney Osha Neumann on Berkeley City Council's proposed laws: People who "remember religion's admonition to be charitable" forget this when they encounter "the sloppy drunk peeing on the sidewalk or the panhandler who snarls when they ignore his outstretched hand"
Openly gay fraternity member Fraser Muir on hearing "faggot" used in abundance in fraternity conversations: "I was finally starting to realize the truth: that it is not OK to be gay — not even in Berkeley in 2015"
What happens to my Bmail account after I graduate?
I'll be visiting UCB on Friday of Finals Week. What should I make sure to see around UCB/ Berkeley?
History Majors?
Is there anyone applying Master of Engineering in IEOR
Voting site - saving the view from Campanile Way
UC Berkeley ranked "Top 5 in the World" in 16/31 subjects and "Top 10 in the World" in 26/31 subjects.
Professor Sahai is having an affair?
Masturbation Etiquette With Roommates
Someone stole my Amazon delivery
How smart are people at Berkeley compared to HYPMS?
A Fanmade Video made for CHEM 3A Professor Pete Marsden (Video made by the same group that runs his fanpage PETE)
CS/ML related grad school fields - does being a uGSI help?
Experience of any English majors and/or Education minors?
Bathroom Brigade: Students lined up cups of fake urine near Sather Gate and various other campus locations Wednesday to urge faster action for the installation of all-gender bathrooms on campus.
SHIP waiver infographics: The student advocate's office wants to "alleviat[e] the spread of misinformation" from "'waiver hacks' posted on social media" that allow students to opt out of SHIP.
Webcast moves to a "student only" service in Fall 2015. Lecture videos are no longer available to the public.
"The student advocate's office created infographics about the SHIP waiver form for distribution online and on UHS-related pamphlets in the hopes of alleviating the spread of misinformation through 'waiver hacks' posted on social media that provide a list to 'pass' the application."
Stat 134 or Stat 135 (Stat Major)
Revo -fuckin -lution 2.0
Cards Against Humanity (and more!) at Henry's/Durant tonight!
Tedford doing AMA right now!
What happens if you fail a graduation requirement class in your senior semester?
Is the recreational sports 3 month membership worth it?
UCB CS (Letters &amp; Sciences) vs. UCSD CSE:CS Transfer
EECS
Boxes and Suitcases
Apartments... I don't even know where to start! Someone help me please?
Do students really hate this school?
Does summer research for credit cost money?
Why do people say start looking for housing early -- don't 12 month leases end at June, and so most housing opens up June?
How to be #top1% on LinkedIn. (10 easy steps that you can do with only few minutes per day...)
Why is dead week called dead week?
Canadian Studies has research funding. Deadlines May 4 (Undergrad) May 6 (Grad)
Parking in Downtown Berkeley
What happened to all the Chase ATM's on campus?
At least ASUC candidates don't sell drugs to get elected (or do they?)
Chem 3A students took their quiz outside Pimentel today after the power outage. Can't top the 1AL class last fall that lit up Pimentel with their phones though.
Transfer student from LACCD (Los Angeles) what bars do most students my age frequent?
Regret not being outgoing enough
Where can I get free condoms quickly at Berkeley?
Kip's bar reveals the secret of how they manage to always keep their floors so damn sticky
2014 Career Survey Results
ASUC Internship Program director Shawn Sieu: The new co-teaching format for Vietnamese classes is a "sneaky tactic" to "find ways for students to take courses with both of the program's instructors". The historically unpopular professor has two students enrolled in a 17-student class this semester.
Transfer student: Will my Financial Aid be cut off if I don't graduate in 4 semesters?
UCLA EE vs Cal CS?
Down to Earth but looking up to Mars, Berkeley Alumna on Mars One short list
Launching career newsletter for Cal students and alumni. What questions would you like to see answered?
Is there a L&amp;S CS major I can talk to about scheduling?
Can I survive at Berkeley without renting a place?
Finding housing in the fall
Berkeley Bicycle Plan workshop draws a crowd
Berkeley man scores $5 million in second lottery win in two months
Anyone got the scoop on today's power outage?
Spring Transfer Admit Advice
Chancellor Dirks, EVCP Claude Steele will be speaking at the Berkeley Forum next Tuesday, May 5th in I-House at 7:00pm
What are the BSUs demands?
PS 179 study group
Transfer student w/ some of questions
Why is EECS not on the "Top 5 most attractive majors at UC Berkeley"? Or Hotel Management, which is what Guy Fieri studied? The Daily Cal is wrong yet again.
Having doubts about Dorms
Being a resident assistand and financial aid
FUCK NEPAL AND THE NEPALESE
More protests this week?
Fire at Giovanni damages restaurant.
fMRI opportunities?
(Poll) Do you believe in university rankings?
Do we get free Microsoft Windows?
How hard would it be for an out-of-state student be to get accepted into Computer Science?
Is it still possible to get a tech internship?
Is Berkeley racist?
Anywhere on campus to rip vinyl?
Does SHIP insurance cover Orchiectomies?
What is the best way to collect security deposit from out of state subletters?
Why are so many Berkeley students depressed?
Lab opportunities?
CS70 and Math 54 in the summer
UCB fellow Mark Bittman, UC team up to launch California food video series
Commute to Berkeley?
Working in Berkeley for the summer.
Mathematics Transfers
Why is the average salary for EECS graduates more than 12k more than the average for CS?
Berkeley wins Heroes of the Dorm competition! Go Bears!
Berkeley wins Heros of the Dorm competition! Go Bears!
Save the date. May 1st and 2nd. #Fieri2015
(Serious) Choosing between Berkeley and San Diego. Post college hype real?
Financial Aid
Need a room off-campus. Please.
Berkeley Engineering transfers... how was it?
Is there a book club on campus?
Chancellor Dirks here, Let's talk.
Where can I watch the Pacquiao-Mayweather fight this Saturday, May 2?
Do you have to quit work study after you reach your award amount?
Best place to take a dump on campus?
I am so, SO glad I am leaving this place.
Should I be applying for work study positions now?
Summer CS61C or CS70?
EECS Major thinking about double majoring in Economics
PH116 Lecture Notes?
Want better food on campus? We do. | Complete this survey to help us get it right!
Why would I want to do Freshman Edge? Why would I not?
Alumni, how was life like after you graduated from college and entered the working world? Graduation is nearing and joining the "real world" feels daunting.
Fellow English Majors, class advice?
Spring Transfer Admit with a few questions
Recently admitted, looking for advice/experience from Berkeley math majors (or otherwise)
What is the average gpa for CS L&amp;S admits?
Where can I get duct tape relatively close to southside?
Black Student Union explaining their Cal Day Sather Gate barrier protest: "We do not wish to be a spectacle on your diversity flyers if our educational experiences are not going to be valued here."
Congrats to all newly admitted transfers!
From Salesforce to Flavortown.
If I go to Berkeley for a Bachelor's of Arts in Computer Science, then can I apply for grad school in Computer Science even if it's a Master's of Science?
Daily Cal Editorial: Commencement speaker is lackluster choice
do we have to pay for summer sessions fee by may 15?
We are Stash, Berkeley's crowdsourced storage marketplace founded by Cal students
RSF open?
Is anyone willing to let me read their admission essay?
Moving to Berkeley from Oakland! I had a couple quest- oh wait, I live next door.
Robert Reich lecturing on the steps outside of Wheeler due to the power outage.
Will there be power back up by 4 PM at VLSB for the Math 54 midterm?
Looks like the entire campus' power just went out
Holi Hindu Festival of Colors at UC Berkeley
UC Berkeley to include alternative paths in maps of its campus
This is clearly a room in a condemned house, folks!
Possibility of GSI-ing as CS undergrad?
Paying People to Do Homework
Terrified About Next Year
anyone in pacs 94?
Students At UC Berkeley Take A Big Step Toward Improving Mental Health On Campus
Update - On Wednesday, State Senator Loni Hancock switched her stance and supported SB 277, the bill to end personal belief exemptions for vaccines, getting the bill out of committee. Thank you to everyone who called!
Typo
Why is Berkeley EECS (CS) good?
Please sign this petition to President Obama requesting Guy be brought back as our speaker
Has anyone ever tried to brute force their advisor code for Telebears?
The people living above me keep having loud sex
Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight viewings?
Is it just me, or is the number of required courses surprisingly low? [transfer student]
From Daily Cal: Marc Benioff, Salesforce CEO, to deliver UC Berkeley's spring commencement address
Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff is the 2015 spring commencement speaker
2015 Commencement Speaker Announced
People who have taken fpf, what was your experience with it?
Poli Sci 179 Final
Berkeley needs a 24 hour library year round
Taking CS61A and CS61B/BL Over Summer Without Programming Experience
Berkeley graduate students exhibit high rates of depression, survey says
ChemE/MSE, the true master race
Gun alert
Is porn allowed through dorm wifi?
Interning at CIA/FBI/NSA
Are school computers at Berkeley hacked?
2015 spring commencement speaker will be announced tomorrow at noon
SF Film Festival
Freshman Edge Financial Aid Package
Lost eyeglasses/ glasses case
It's that time of the year again. SHIP Waiver is out.
It's that time of the year again. SHIP Waiver is out.
Can I get into Berkeley if I improve my GPA?
Is there a berkeley website to read course reviews by other students?
Final semester before I graduate. What happens if I fail a class?
Help teach UC Berkeley CS10 in high schools and build their CS programs (/x/post from RedditAds for visibility)
Freshman fall semester courseload? Help?
Where can one use meal points?
Any opportunities for work+travel this summer?
We're giving out $250 for the best paper on Canada: Ross Undergraduate Prize in Canadian Studies
Banking/Hedge Fund in China/HK
Pol Sci 179 Final Next Wed Study Group?
What date is the final for Poli sci 179?
&lt;----- SIGN THE PETITION TO COMBINE /R/BERKELEY AND /R/BERKELEY_JERK
Any X-Wing Miniatures players here at Berkeley?
Alek Klimek, next year's ASUC attorney general, says he's okay with his friend Justin Kong's alleged misuse of funds since it's just a little piece of the pie.
Who would have thought MIT students also have problems with their administration?
Results of the Daily Cal ASUC Voter Survey 2015
Lost Wallet
Withdrawing on Academic Probation
How to start a club?
Open Bar Party at Pappy's This Thursday
Anti-Rape Flyers in Moffitt
what was so fun about holi?
[AMA Request] Someone who is actively protesting on campus and preventing students from getting to class.
AMA for prospective scientists/premeds: Class of '09 proud golden bear. Cal was the best and most rewarding experience of my life and I want to do my part to recruit any premed/physical science majors in the potential incoming class. Happy to answer any questions/concerns about Cal.
Seeking somebody with RTI experience on campus.
Why Berkeley is the best place to live in the bay area
As a minority, I couldn't be more ashamed and embarrassed by what SJW did. It was not the actual blocking off of Sather Gate, but rather the borderline violent behavior to keep people from passing freely in a public area. More so, what these individuals actually SAID during the protest.
4:19 on 4/20 At Berkeley Is Exactly What You Think
Does anyone have a video of students "bullrushing" the protest wall?
The Bay Aryan Resistance
is taking Nadler for math 54 worth 8am lectures?
Cal takes HOLI Festival to a whole new level! Show support to fellow talented UC Berkeley student's videography. [GoPro]
Would the law school care that I'm Canadian? (and some other questions)
Coming up to Berkeley for an Internship. Frat Housing for the Summer?
MRW we start seeing all the posts "I waited 30 days for red and ended up with purple!"
Need to gather some data for a project, please help out by filling out these surveys! Thanks!
Campaign to bring President Barack Obama to commencement ends without success. The campus received verbal confirmation on the matter from the White House's scheduling office last week.
Valiant UC Berkeley protest successfully raises awareness and converts thousands of internet users to their cause. [/r/videos]
Students block Sather Gate to protest police brutality.
First generation college goer having questions about Berkeley
Were there mass crowd of people smoking weed in front of memorial glade today?
Cal football’s top recruiter arrested as part of prostitution sting
So confused about this new 3.3 CS GPA requirement
Math 54, CS61B, EE20 + Either Psych1/Psych2
Conduct Board Hearing for "Excessive After Hours Lockouts"?
can anyone help me figure out what is wrong with my library proxy/JSTOR account?
Options for failing a P/NP
Help me decide U of Michigan and UC Berkeley for Mechanical Engineering!
A Modest ASUC Proposal
Incoming grad student looking for housing
How difficult is it to get a 3.3 GPA in CS classes
[LIVE CHAT] What are your thoughts on the activism on campus lately?
Haven't seem dorm roommate all weekend, getting worried
Can Berkeley keep its top faculty members?
Let's resurrect r/Berkeleyhousing! I just posted a single room there
ASUC Senate sends blank bills to committee, limiting students' political participation
Come learn, play and win 'The Resistance' this Thursday!
Will I be able to get through the rest of the semester without a laptop?
Most littered spot in Berkeley?
Advice for off-campus housing move-in date?
How late is too late to apply for summer co-op housing?
#readyforfieri
The university just announced the commencement speaker!
CS Intro Classes
College of Computer Science? An Idea.
A Question for Current (or former) Cal Students. Is Berkeley... Worth It?
I'll be a first year grad student in the fall - what places are the best to live and how do people search for apartments/roommates?
A report on Black Student Union barricading Sather Gate on Cal Day; interviews with members on why they did it
May I present our 2015 commencement speaker: Garack O'Fieri
does financial aid decrease if i get an apartment?
&lt;======PRESS FOR GUY FIERI
UC to UC transfer?
4/20 Memorial Glade celebration at 4:20pm
ME290P or CS160?
Study abroad for a CS or EECS major?
How do you like me now?
Videos of Bandaloop's dances all over the Campanile
Who the hell is our commencement speaker?
Concern about declaring L&amp;S CS Major
CS 160 Groups and Professors
"Majoring in art history is career suicide" - Michael Lewis' Princeton adviser
Has anyone been fined for not moving back furniture in the dorms?
Question about music scene near/in Berkeley
Fellow Bears: I am out of trees...
how much work is cog sci 1?
What were the songs played during the Bandaloop performance?
Play CS:GO? Join CS:GO @ Berkeley!
Black Student Union members block Sather Gate on Saturday morning
What are some good sit-down, but not formal or very expensive restaurants in Berkeley?
What goes on during Cal Day?
UC Berkeley campus doctor sentenced to five years probation for sexual contact with male students during health center visits
Getting from Cal to SFO
Ex-Cal doctor Robert Martin Kevess gets probation for sexually exploiting patients. Defense attorney and judge both say the sexual exploitation was caused by side effects from a medication he was taking for restless leg syndrome.
Ex-Cal doctor gets probation for sexually exploiting patients
What cool Cal Day events will you be attending? I'm a current Cal sophomore.
Where to get weed at Berkeley? I need to study.
So anyone hear bounding in Berkeley tonight? 10:30p
Is anyone looking for a summer sublet? I have a place available.
EVP Justin Kong gets paranoid, restricts access to financial documents
Math 54 (Session C) + Rhetoric 10 (Session A) + Rhetoric 20 (Session D) doable during summer?
Black lives aren't the only lives that matter!
EVP Justin Kong cracking down on interns - restricting access to financial documents
What do you hate about Berkeley?
ASUC Elections Full Senate Results
Solidworks on campus?
Use of AP credits
How do I know which session my Summer courses take place during?
Repairing IPhone Screen around Berkeley
How to avoid getting FOMO?
4/20 festivities?
DDoS on School Servers
EECS
Unpaid CS Internships (Summer after Freshman year)?
Did you lose your watch near the stadium?
How to be popular as an introvert?
How early should I show up to Greek Theater shows? (Alt-J on the 17th)
High School junior: Chance to get into Berkeley?
Is being in ASUC actually helpful?
CALSERVE wins 4 executive offices, 8 Senate spots. Student Action wins 7 Senate seats, no executive offices.
Friday, April 17: Make sense of Racial Inequality
Where can I get a decent haircut?
Best upper-div math classes to take?
International , Social and Behavioral Sciences Breadth
Protesters physically restrain a man who attempted to pass through Sather Gate. This is NOT non-violent protest and hurts the Black Lives Matter cause by causing the discussion to be about protesters' disgusting behavior instead of police brutality.
Why Cats Are Totally Hardcore
Dear students, some advice on how not to suck
A few questions from a newly admitted student
Why does everyone on here be bagging on EECS majors?
SNL Sketch Refers to Lucille Ball Statue as looking like "a lesbian from Berkeley" 2:40
Sociology department
Anyone else absolutely pumped to finally leave this damn place in a month?
Why is Berkeley discontinuing the EE20/40 series after the fall semester?
Don't these protesters know that I got EECS coding to do for my EECS class because I am an EECS major?
Flight school?
Why do protesters think fast food workers deserve $15/hr?
Almost 200 people showed up for our Tabletop Day &amp; Night - Thanks guys!
Berkeley Police: Demonstration march causing traffic delays, please avoid Downtown area, consider alternate routes.
Why is online Berkeley related content so cringey?
Fight for 15
2 helicopters, 1 plane over campus - what's this for?
Berkeley redditors--please take a minute to call your State Senator, Lori Hancock, and ask her to support the bill to end the personal belief exemption for vaccinating children. She's a key vote! (details inside). (xpost r/Oakland)
What I did to a sorority girl last night.
ASUC EVP Justin Kong responds to yesterday's op-ed
Why so many Asians and Indians?
Grad student looking for a (preferably private) room in Berkeley to sublet for mid-June to mid/late-August
Andrew Ward, a Berkeley alum and BANDALOOP aerial dancer, will dance a few hundred feet up in the air on the Campanile's walls on Cal Day, Saturday, April 18.
From the Desert to the Moon: Journey of Cal athlete Garrett Cross from Berkeley to Afghanistan
Physics 7C over summer?
Meanwhile, in the parking lot....
What being black at Berkeley means.
What being black at Berkeley means.
People who have taken both J10 &amp; J100 series?
Hookers at Berkeley
UC Berkeley - Uptown Funk
Berkeley Student Vomits on Professor
I, Alfred Mendez, Am Innocent!
2.40E+87
Berkeley Shootout
Bomb Goes Off At Sproul
Police Open Fire on Protesters
I, Alfred Mendez, am innocent!
Justin Kong, current EVP, spends majority of discretionary budget on food/drinks/private events for his office
black lives DO NOT matter
How do people have time to protest?
Anybody know of any attractive "first time customer" free rent offers from storage unit facilities around here?
God Damnit Berkeley
Mid-20s married couple looking for sublet
PACS 94 (Meditation Class)
Anarchist's archive gets temporary reprieve: Donors buy time for Emma Goldman Project
Rane Johnson, Principal Research Director at Microsoft Research, talking in Wozniak lounge today (Tuesday April 14 @ 5:30) - Bring resumes!
How to meet people not in engineering or STEM?
When is it too late to rush a fraternity?
5 Star Prospect and #6 ranked on ESPN, Ivan Rabb, Commits to Cal!
Two men shot in car at Shattuck and Ashby early Monday morning
Unit 1 resident Alfred Mendez was arrested for video voyeurism after he stuck his cell phone under a restroom stall with the camera facing up.
Getting into CS/Stats Upper Divs right now
Class on the civil rights movement?
Finding housing?
Chief of Research exits after Sex Allegations
Is President Barack Obama Berkeley's 2015 commencement speaker?
How Do I Recruit for a Berlin-Based Start-Up
How Do I Recruiting for Berlin-Based Start-Up
How do you choose which restaurant to go to? Take our fun survey for Berkeley students! Thank you!
Does anyone know if Bcourses has some sort of anti-plagiarism software?
Place to sell an old bike?
5 arrested in Berkeley after 15-20 youth fights downtown
There any place within walking/biking distance of campus for a haircut around $10?
Best places to eat in Berkeley?
I just had a class cancelled because of protests on Monday/Tuesday? What protests?
How do i find subletters
Reasons Why Breaking Bad Is Just Like Your Family
going greek vs living in the co-ops
Easiest CS Upper Divs
Coming to Berkeley for the summer
Think like a professor. What does this mean?
How's the workload for INFO 253 and INFO 257?
[Live Chat] Where can I get a decent steak in East Bay?
Me walking through Sproul now that there's no more ASUC campaigners
Does anybody want to be my friend before I graduate?
A group of Berkeley researchers is conducting a study on Bay Area travel behavior, we'd love your input! It takes about 5 minutes.
LSAT STUDY GROUP
5th Year Masters Program for CS - Has anyone done this?
UC Berkeley is hiring for a Senior Service Administrator.
CS61B- Academic dishonesty email?
Is Malia Obama going to attend Berkeley?
Current students or alums who have participated in Greek life, what was it like?
TFW you walk through Sproul during ASUC elections as an older adult ["World War Z" spoiler]
TFW you walk through Sproul during election week as an older adult [WWZ spoiler]
How does one go about finding a room for the first month of summer?
I got a message to vote AT 3:49 AM. WHO THINKS THIS IS A GOOD IDEA?
WTF ASUC??
Experience with Music 44 (Voice Class)?
The current state of the Class of 2019
Is it possible to get relatively high-paying internships throughout the year/summer?
Laptop sound not working!
How many technicals is too much?
Dealing with senioritis burnout?
Channing-Bowditch Parking
Has your GPA made it difficult to get your first job/internship?
ASUC Elections Council files cases against 7 candidates for alleged spamming
Do mosquitoes at Berkeley have malaria?
Passive Aggressive Behavior
What's an easy class to take along with CS70 during summer session C?
Lost my tablet at Haas 4th floor bathrooms
Classical Geometries
ASUC Elections Council files cases against 7 candidates for alleged spamming
Solo dorming
Where to find roommates for an apartment and not super expensive housing?
AC Class Suggestions?
how do I add classes on telebears to phase so that in better classes without declared l&amp;s adviser minor?
Does anyone know where to a buy a "UC Berkeley EECS/Physics Double-Major with a Minor in Anthropology Alumni" license plate?
Does anyone know where to buy a Berkeley Engineering Alumni license plate frame?
Thoughts on taking CC classes to fulfill GE requirements?
My CPU broke, is there anywhere I can get a replacement quickly
Dividing Up Rent
Can't sign up for CalSO
CalSO?
Work in Tech as a Salesforce Administrator: $75k-$85k/in San Francisco
Easiest class to fill a Given Requirement
Financial Aid / Cal Grant GPA question for someone coming back after being dismissed.
The Daily Cal's hypocrisy in opposing the B.L.U.E. Fee Referendum
FUCKIN NON-EECS NORMIES GET OFF OF MY SUBREDDIT
Should I commute or nah?
Computer graphics professor Maneesh Agrawala, who was slated to teach CS184 in Fall 2015, will join Stanford this fall
Pre-Haas questions
Breadth Courses
Programming Languages and Compilers professor Ras Bodik, who was slated to teach CS164 in Fall 2015, will join the University of Washington faculty this fall
Try out my marketplace app Parachute if you want to buy and sell locally in Berkeley
Getting into upper-division CS classes as a CS minor?
free Philz on campus!
Share your thoughts on Snapchat!
Transfer Chances to UC Berkeley from UConn?
Stebbins Hall Coop?
cab in Berkeley CA
Book Cabs in Berkeley, Ca
Free food!! $20 credit at Munchery (delivered dinner)
ASUC Drama?
Does anyone have good recommendations for nice, quiet studios or 1 bedrooms in the area in the $1400-$2000 range?
UC Berkeley purchases web addresses in adult-oriented Internet domains like Cal.xxx, GoldenBears.xxx, and UCBerkeley.xxx to avoid trademark infringement from third parties
Spring Rushing?
Where are decent places that a student can live in Berkeley?
Russian and Chinese spies at Berkeley
i wanna be a berkeley boy!
Tech Bubble and Jobs
Sending email with forwarding account
Any baseball fans out there want to share an MLB.tv subscription?
Do you like your tobacco? Do you like your smoke shops?
History courses that focus on the cold war?
Spanish 1
Attire for Family at Commencement
Questions about Taking CC Classes The Summer Before I Enroll
HOW DO YOU VOTE FOR THE ASUC??
Housing?
Hey y'all! CalCentral now lets you view credits earned through the Education Abroad Program, and AP Exams in the My Academics Tab under the Semesters section.
How does Berkeley's ASUC spend your money?
Fraternity summer accomadation
Ayy, should I study EECS or CS or MCB or IB or SEA or PACS or ME or NE or English?
Current CS L&amp;S Students and alumni, how are your job opportunities?
Cal Mail Conversion
Do we lose access to our @berkeley.edu gmail accounts when we graduate? If so, how soon do we lose access?
Entering Student with some questions
How is the work load for Chinese 1y?
When do we lose library access privileges?
What is the dancing group in front of sproul that play ragtime and jazz?
Language classes as GPA boosting
What are my chances of getting into UC Berkeley if i am a minority?
Why are girls at Berkeley increasingly beautiful
glookup -tinder
Have an iPhone and want a $5 pizza tonight?
Have anyone tried out toastmaster on campus club?
Theme Programs
Switching into EECS?
How is the premed program here? I keep hearing bad things about it and I'm worried now. Any reassurance?
Tennis partner?
Is Berkeley worth it?
Why does there seem to be a lot more negativity surrounding UC Berkeley (in my experience)?
Ayy Cal Berkley. I have a question?
Got flair, need victims.
is taking 2 classes over the summer a good idea?
ASUC presidential candidate Michael Cortez-Mejia joined the Defend Affirmative Action Party after taking the BAMN DeCal this semester. Yvette Felarca is his campaign manager.
Question about ISPs in the area
Mountain View Career in Tech&amp;Design!—GIGYA
Major commencement ceremony dress code?
To the person who lost their Clipper on the corner of University and Oxford at 2:30 on Friday - I have it.
Could somebody please tell me what exactly the Fall Program for Freshman is?
Admitted to Berkeley Class of 2019 - with questions
Business Fraternity - Unfair
Cafe Suppliers
For students intending to apply to medical school upon graduating, is attending Berkeley worth the Out of State premium compared to SUNY.
Michael Pollan weighs in on the future of ag in CA during the drought
Looking for some non-commitment hourly work. Any suggestions?
I got disinherited by my parents
Getting into CS70
Perhaps a better choice of words?
How to cancel the continuation of Amazon Student prime if you don't want to pay $50/yr after your free year
Why are general questions downvoted so heavily here?
Summer financial aid
Are Berkeley High students given any preferential consideration from Cal Admissions?
Is it possible to take 19 units during summer session?
A Twitter bot that tells you Berkeley's mood
Eloi Vasquez Obituary
Cal Alumni Scholarship... but denied from Cal?
Opinions on Hoyt
can anyone hook me up with a IB117 reader?
When I finally leave Stacks after taking two Addy XR's.
Are courses taken at a community college considered pass/no pass? Or are they blank units?
Lost and Found at Moffit?
Daily Clog: Study reveals that humanities majors at UC Berkeley earn the most right out of college. LOL, I wish.
(serious post) CAN YOU TWERK? offering $$$ for one-hour gig, this Friday night.
Would anyone be interested in a subreddit for just for Berkeley residents?
So many dead people here...????
BERKELEY.EDU'S NEW WEBSITE IS OUT OF THIS WORLD
Why can't the Daily Cal invent their own pranks?
Thoughts on Martinez Commons Dorms?
DARS being weird?
The prestige of this place definitely doesn't come from the undergrad program.
Another co-op question
Letter from Cal Athletics regarding Oski
Purse got stolen near the RSF on Bancroft
Math 53 - Hutchings Midterm 2 - Free Sample test Videos
I played Pac-Man on the Berkeley Grid
Save the view from the Campanile! Meeting on Thursday, April 2 7pm North Berkeley Senior Center
Questions from a probable Berkeley Freshman
Best school for Wumbology? Berkeley or UCLA?
UC Berkeley to unlock campus restrooms to increase accessibility
More inclusive term to replace "spring admit" descriptor for campus "January admits"
Video shows Berkeley ambassador beating homeless man
Email question?
CalDay concert speculations
So I'm unsure if I meet the grade reqs
Berkeley Co-OP Experience: Wolf vs Castro
Where to buy "fashionable" online Berkeley apparel?
Some free greenbooks/scantrons if anyone wants them.
Best way to report an incompetent TA?
Does anyone know of any soldering services or a heavy duty soldering gun I can use to get a quick joint soldered on 12 gauge solid copper wire?
My POO is GREEN! HELP!
Easter Fun for Families in the Bay Area
Dealing with Center for Student Conduct?
Where are your favorite places to read?
Daily Cal published op-ed accusing SJP of supporting a "genocidal goal"
Anyone help me with a jump in South Berkeley by the Ashby station ? I have $20 for your time.
Classes With Hot Girls at Berkeley
Problems waiving SHIP at UCB
I made an app which shows photos people are taking at Cal
Best Skype interview locations on campus?
Missing UC Berkeley student Eloi Vasquez found dead near USC
Does anyone have a Geography 130 reader I can have?
Gyms around campus
Is there a sub for the city of Berkeley, as opposed to the UC?
What's a good cleaning service?
To residents of West Berkeley: What does the Bayer alarm actually mean?
Water in Berkeley recently has a metallic flavor/smell
Will I get in-state tuition after 2 years?
Econ 1 necessary for Econ 100A/B? Or for Econ 101A/B?
God is so Good! He's helping ASUC candidates campaign.
Questions about Extracurricular Political/Economic Writing Oppurtunities
Has anyone heard of something like this happening?
Should I attend UC Berkeley or Cal?
Transfer student wanting to do CS. Please advise on course load.
Berkeley vs. University of Phoenix
Berkeley or CSU Dominguez Hills?
Hi my name is /u/maskx I will be going here next year please be my friend!
Berkeley vs Georgia Tech for EECS at UCB and CS at Tech
Missing student, last seen at USC party
Berkeley vs Cal Poly SLO for CS
How hard is it to get good grades at Berkeley?
PSA: Avoid Sproul for the next 2 weeks
I'd like to appeal my decision admission.
Cheap housing options with a 50 lb dog?
CC gpa
Can I take a freshman seminar?
This should make for a lively discussion. "Why America’s obsession with STEM education is dangerous."
Question about summer class waitlist
SMART program interviews?
Access of Edwards or Memorial?
How to pay for Berkeley?
CS help
San Francisco/Business Development position in Tech!!!
Scared about going to a school such as this
Question about being admitted starting in January, and the Freshman "Global Edge" program.
Welcome new admits! Post your questions here!
Job at UC Berkeley - Need housing advice! r/sfhousing was not very helpful.
Reporter looking for Cal students to interview about "Yes Means Yes"
Bug-Obsessed Boy Visits UC Berkeley To Meet Hero, World’s Leading Ant Expert
I really fucked up.
Professor Filippenko (ASTRO C10) held an essay contest where the winning students would visit Lick Observatory with him; I sent in a stupid drawing of him as a Sailor Scout instead. Guess who just got selected
Berkeley Ambassador Punches Homeless Man
Internet connection problem?
Attending UCB with no direction
Hello from North Carolina! Just got in and I have a few questions.
Who else here is part of the Waitlisted club?
Congratulations to the new admits!
Admitted into L&amp;S with 3 Options, very confused
I wonder how long it'll take the new admits to find this subreddit
Math 54 after 16B
Any game designers from Berkeley here?
Berkeley trying to impose new rules on mini-dorms, Multi-Family homes, Group living accommodations! Say goodbye to gameday events.
Looks like Berkeley is trying to control what you can do in your home if you live in a multi-family home/multi-unit apartment/group living accomodation/mini-dorm.
Email from Academic Difficulty Committee
Anyone knows where I can buy PC boards somewhere in the bay area?
Hi. I'm looking for a room for this summer and the next school year!
Declaring a double major with intent to stop halfway through for minor in CS?
Massive Tree Removal in Peoples Park on Friday 6am (3/27)
Families of the 43 students kidnapped in Mexico visiting Berkeley 4/2-4/3
CS Masters Questions
When you want advise from your counselor...
Nice secluded areas around Berkeley?
Schedule advice: 11am-4pm on Mondays and Fridays with no gap
MFW when I see somebody walking around campus with a Stanfurd shirt
Is there a satire club at UCB? Even UCI has one!
Berkeley ranks No. 1 in a measure of worker-class diversity
Sales Development Representative at Gigya Mountain View. Entry-level, no prior experience required!
Who's greenlighting all these awful sculptures?!
What's Bio 1b like?
Does UCB Care About Undergrads?
I missed out: Berkeley's Replyallcalypse
Hey cal bears, are you currently a developer or a software engineer in the bay area? If so, speak with me for my research!
Should I plan on pursuing grad school?
Berkeley: Martial Arts, Boxing, Wrestling, BJJ, etc. on campus??
Berkeley VS Waterloo undergrad
Free $65 Paypal with MindSumo (Students Only w/ .EDU or University Email)
Alternative majors for Management/ Strategy Operations consulting?
Business Management Intern [WalkMe] San Francisco, CA
Missy Franklin is going pro.
How intense is Stats program here?
Crossposting "As a new grad I am baffled that I still don't have an offer" from /r/cscareerquestions
Humanities major looking for an upper div Math course to take
When will berkeleytime be updated?
Has anyone rejected an offer from Haas? (Undergrad)
Linguistics department?
Independent ASUC presidential candidate Nicolas Jaber, who wants to cut the ASUC's budget $1.5 million budget in half, responds on /r/berkeley.
Berkeley impacted majors
Cal women's swimming captures 4th national title in 7 years!
is it bad idea to phase 2 cs61c?
What happens if the startup you joined run out of fund?
Parking over spring break?
I am aiming to transfer from De Anza college to UC Berkeley, going to take EECS major. How is the rate of transfer to EECS major in UC Berkeley, differed from other college such as Diablo Valley college?
In Berkeley’s Warehouses, Foodies Find a New Home
Are there are organizations or student unions at Berkeley that cater to European/White culture?
People's Park tree removal scheduled for week of spring break
Online webcasts may be restricted to UC Berkeley students due to costs, Educational Technology Services (ETS) says
San Francisco Internships 2015?
Prepare for the Treepocalypse! UC Berkeley plans to cut down nearly half the trees in People's Park!
Cops were parked illegally, so I called the towing company (x-post from /r/funny)
100 upvotes and this will turn into a Guy Fieri themed subreddit
University of California, Berkeley black students demand fixes to 'hostile’ climate: Black students at UC Berkeley often feel isolated and even oppressed, says a campus group that wants the nation’s premier public university to step up recruitment of black students and improve support for them.
Does any certification (CCNA, A+, MySQL .....) worth getting?
ELI5 Tuition hikes and Napolitano protests
Attention Vapers and ECig users. Any good shops or flavors in Berkeley?
Daily Cal - AirBears wireless network to be retired in favor of AirBears2
UC President Janet Napolitano Says ‘We Don’t Have To Listen To This Crap’ As Students Protest for The Tuition Hikes (x-post from r/news)
Master of Engineering in Materials feedback
Dropping Out of Berkeley. Good reasons
Draw Your Professor
Do you get bad grades?
Amgen/SRTP Programs?
Finding an apartment here is super hard and its been a nightmare. What are you apartment hunting stories?
2014 Undergrad Student Survey found that 50% of students skip meals to save money. How often do you skip meals?
sugar relationship?
The Fieri incident has made the SF Chronicle blog.
Is Telegraph Commons, managed by Riverstone Residential, really that bad? Cockroaches, rat carcasses, rent overcharges, rude manager, 10 fire code violations, moldy showers, fermented trash, and gift cards bribes to write positive reviews on Yelp.
Berkeley CNA Spamocalypse 2015
Summer Roommate Search (New Mexico)
Incoming transfer student curious of others who took the same path
Alumnus-founded startup Five.com releases new app designed for UC Berkeley community
Would I get automatically rejected because of this?
"The demands include... enaming a building after Assata Shakur, a former Black Panther and the first woman on the FBI’s list of Most Wanted Terrorists." O___o
Someone's using memes incorrectly.
Anyone have tips getting an apartment/room in Berkeley as a couple?
Defend Affirmative Action Party presidential candidate Michael Cortez-Mejia wants UC Berkeley to accept the top 10 percent of students attending Oakland high schools, saying, "It's just racist if these students from Oakland are not being accepted."
Defend Affirmative Action Party presidential candidate Michael Cortez-Mejia wants the top 10 percent of students attending Oakland high schools, saying, "It's just racist if these students from Oakland are not being accepted."
Independent ASUC presidential candidate Nicolas Jaber wants to cut the ASUC's $1.5 million budget in half, allowing students to pay less fees per semester
Junior Anthro major wanting to double major in film. Is this still possible?
Use your .edu email address to make easy money online! Internships! Google funded
Phase II'ing Cog Sci as a sophomore--good idea or no?
Don't believe everything you read.
I've been building an app just for Berkeley called Five. Try it out &amp; use code REDDIT. I'd love your thoughts. AMA
Those of you who work in Moffitt, why are the heaters always on?
Candidate announces ASUC presidential candidacy with BASED. party
What to prepare to transfer from De Anza College to UC Berkeley, computer science major?
Quiet Place to Work Away From Campus
CS70 or CS61C over summer?
5 8AMs next semester (ChemE)
Berkeley City Council Moves to Launch Further Attacks on the Homeless
Is it normal for sophomores to take 13 units a semester?
Phase I/Phase II which of these?
Cal for OOS Premed? Difficulty/Worth it?
EPS 80 Syllabus?
Are there going to be any good graduation parties?
Private profiting from public property
Looking for people free tomorrow afternoon to help with a class project!
Looking for people free tomorrow afternoon willing to help me with a class project
CalCentral here again, this time to tell you that you can check your tele-BEARS date on CalCentral under the My Academics Tab.
Which are the best Rochdale apartments? Any to avoid?
Freelance photo job. Corner of Cedar St. and Grant St.
Doe Library after hours
The first airing of The Justice Show is on KALX 90.7 at 9AM. On the last segment of the show there is a news piece by reporter Gabriel J. Sanchez on the potential closing of Doctors Medical Center in San Pablo, Calif. The host is Brian Rinker. Thank you and Go Bears.
THE JUSTICE SHOW - Live on KALX 90.7 9AM This is the link to KALX so you can listen to the Justice Show at 9 am PST.
Good place for 1:1 networking dinner?
Finding an I-House Resident to talk to/Is anyone looking for a roommate for I-House
Berkeley's monthly median rental price for housing has increased approximately 57 percent, from $740 in 2000 to about $1160 in 2012. In the same time, the city's median household income increased by just 32 percent.
UC Berkeley — the only public university included in the top list of most pricey campus-run student housing — offers the fifth-most expensive room and board in the nation.
61C + Internship Over Summer
Any tips on getting a job here in Berkeley
Treats: Giving out $10 to all college students (.edu email required) (x-post /r/beermoney)
Fall 2015 Schedule Out + TeleBears Appt
Best bars in Berkeley
Any good advise for pier fishing?
Video: Executive Director Gwen Rowe-Lee Sykes and Berkeley Health Center abandon bio-hazardous waste and thousands of confidential patient medical records PLUS video of DOJ search warrant execution
1 day late CARS bill
Anthropology Department internships?
Is there any reason not to P/NP all of my classes?
Cal grad creates TenThousandDollarHomepage on quest for Gold Apple Watch - 70% sold
Advice: Best Summer Housing Options
Math graduate
Drake "enemy" meme...no ubers available at this time
Time to change your profile pics
Purposely NPing a class
Planning to transfer to Berkeley. Tips?
Anyone know anything about Delta Phi Epsilon (the Professional International Affairs Fraternity)?
When are fees for summer school due?
What are some CS groups or clubs that people interested in CS can join?
ASUC lifted restrictions on campaigning in campus study spaces after BAMN members told them they could face personal legal action for supporting the restrictions
Abroad from Norway to Berkeley january 2016
UC Berkeley professor makes sexist and racist comments on Facebook
Calling all tabletop gamers and designers; Come celebrate International Tabletop Day (&amp; Night)!
Improv Drama Team! - CalTV Comedy
$3.14 Pi Day Promotion from SpoonRocket!
‘Blade Runner’ screenwriter made lost film of Moe’s Books
P/NP Math 54 for EECS?
Favourite climbing trees
Looking to buy a monitor
TRANSFER NEXT FALL!!! :D
Please please please
Black Student Union's 10 demands include the hiring of two full-time, black admissions staff members. BSU members were disappointed that Chancellor Dirks responded a few days after their deadline and didn't address each demand.
Bathroom Brigade occupies bathroom in Dwinelle Hall to pressure Cal to provide at least one gender-neutral bathroom in every building
What to do if you've failed a test.
Transferring in Fall
Undergrads: What are you writing your final papers on? $250 for the best paper on Canada.
Is cs/engineering that hard?
What are the rules for using the UC Berkeley Campanile in graphic design?
Looking for Studio
Woman asking for money?
Final grades and graduation?
Looking for Studio apartment/purpose/meaning
Justice Department Investigates Possible Berkeley Health Center Felony -- Serves and Executes Search Warrant at Former Clinic Location Today
It's happening!
Has anyone taken EE 127 (the new version, not EE127A)
Is my landlord lying to me? (Apparent Lawful Rent Ceiling)
Berkeley SAE Noose? Photo taken today
Welp, it's official
Welp, it's official
Looking to sublet 1BR apartment for summer
Chancellor Dirks responds to outcry regarding Guy Fieri commencement in video address
Chancellor Dirks responds to outcry regarding Guy Fieri commencement
Schizophrenic being blocked from readmission post medical withdrawal
Summer Sublet
Do most students post sublets directly to the housing facebook group or do they also post else where?
ASUC candidate Aanchal Chugh is running on a platform that includes improving funding for the gender and women's studies department. Thoughts?
We must make our voices be heard.
You think OU's SAE frat is disrespectful? If only you saw Berkeley's
r/berkeley demographics poll/survey!
Cal Football DE Brennan Scarlett transfers to Stanford
Just posted my new review of La Note French restaurant in Berkeley
Anyone else get their SHIP waiver cancelled?
New state Assembly bill would cap nonresident population at 10 percent per UC campus
Should UCSC Expel The Six Students Who Blocked Highway 17 in Protest?
What do you need to do to prepare for graduation?
Need GWS 100AC Notes
Sonic vs LMI?
Guy Fieri 2015
Easier Design/Project EECS Classes
Flaunt your favorite campus club that meets weekly
Anybody use Seekingarrangement.com or any other Sugar Baby website?
BOOM! There were two huge "booms" in Berkeley tonight at 9:33/9:34.
Where are all the places one can buy a blue/green book? Where is the best place to buy them?
Participate in a Survey for NST C159 Human Diet!
City announces possible measles exposure at Berkeley libraries
Fall 2015 Tele-BEARS
UC Berkeley team unveils "Bloom" the largest 3D-printed cement structure ever
The third annual UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk is this Sunday morning on Sproul. It's free to register! Help raise money/awareness and watch performances by some awesome people.
Why is this "Statement from UC faculty on divestment from Israel" only signed by a small, unrepresentative number of signatories, all of whom are humanities and social sciences professors? Do STEM professors have better things to do? LOL.
Why is this "Statement from UC faculty on divestment from Israel" only signed by a small number of signatories humanities and social sciences professors? Do STEM professors have better things to do? LOL.
Anyone in the Masters in Landscape Architecture?
City reports possible measles exposure at Berkeley library.
Why Work in Berkeley?
Stereotypical High School - CalTV Comedy
Need a training partner for squats and deadlifts? Check out the Berkeley Barbell Club facebook group
Life saver on essays, assignments and exams
Should I phase 1 or Phase 2 CS 61B next semester?
Late night food in Berk?
Frank Underwood for ASUC President
Guy Fieri to be spring 2015 commencement speaker
Airbears is down
UC Santa Cruz campus closes due to 96 Hours protests, smaller UC Berkeley protest follows
Student Action executive slate includes an ASUC Senator who almost got kicked out of the ASUC for missing too many meetings. Their Pres candidate has 0 ASUC experience. How irresponsible. CalSERVE exec slate has four WoC all with solid experience. Vote CalSERVE!
Student Action candidate body shames CalSERVE's EVP nominee (a Womxn of Color). Party stands by him and is oblivious to male privilege.
Top story on Google news science right now: UC Berkeley astronomers observe same supernova multiple times due to bending light
To the girl who bought my buns at Sheng Kee: thanks!
Googly eyes in Wheeler :P Whoever did this, you made my day, thank you
Googly eyes in Wheeler :P Whoever did this, you made my day, thank you
Can you protesters / strikers please stop disrupting lectures in Dwinelle?
It's that time again
Target Express Opens On Shattuck
The 35 Most Berkeley Things That Have Ever Happened
Proposed Abatement of AirBears WiFi Network
Does RSF offer 1 day coach for teaching deadlift and squat?
Don't Shit Where You Eat - CalTV Comedy
Joining an Honor Society worth it?
How hard is it to get in to UCB for a year as an exchange student?
Where did all the campus ATM's go?
US News rates Cal #3 Best Global University... ahead of the Junior University... and #1 in several speciality fields.
When will our General Commencement Speaker be announced?
Friendsy?
How are new grads with engineering degrees at 112K median salary?
Students at UC Berkeley Turn the Tables on a Racist Professor
InfoCamp - an annual Berkeley unconference where we gather gather to discuss technology, data, and design!
Graduate students hold 'teach-in' on Professor, offended by his comments.
Graduate Admissions
UC Berkeley Students Hold Teach-In for Their Racist Professor (via Jezebel)
UC to freeze California enrollment, cap UCLA, Berkeley non-residents
Summer positions available in Residential Housing Services
Study Reveals Average Tech Worker's Wardrobe is 85% Free T-Shirts [x-post /r/bayarea]
Living "far" down Southside
Has anyone ever won one of those iPads or gift cards for taking a campus survey?
Ws
Rape Survivor on "How Should Colleges Handle Sexual Assault?"
Looking for lifting buddy! (Male Sophomore, 5'10 160lb)
Help! Is this a cockroach?
Unboxing Berkeley: ASMR Kinder Eggs
Airbears blocking VPNs?
Vote for species diversity: Vote Turkey for ASUC Senate!
ASUC attempting to pass more student fees. Descriptions inside, please be an informed voter + voice your opinion.
What are average salary range for new grad software developer?
Raped on Campus? Don’t Trust Your College to Do the Right Thing: It's legal for a college to access your medical records if you sue them.
Anyone in Geog 130 have the midterm exam questions?
Is there a way to purchase tickets for Greek Theatre concerts in person?
Super Bowl Planning Committee
Commitment - CalTV Comedy
When do most apartments become available?
UC Berkeley Study Guides and Notes
Restaurant in Berkeley with a good atmosphere?
Archer comes to Berkeley
Deactivate your Facebooks while you still can...
What are your best dining hall DIY recipes?
Missed connections, now there's an app for that
ADVICE on Taking 2 CS courses over the summer
Last night's sunset from Grizzly Peak [OC] x-post r/bayarea
ENJOY Free POP CORNS
Geography 130 Midterm?
Berkeley people (specially women) watch out for this guy!!!
Creepy dude in men's Wheeler basement bathroom?
What are some ways Professor's make some test easier?
Creepy Berkeley Student Stalker. Anyone else met this guy?
Online Math 54 during the summer? Or something similar
Wedding on a budget: looking for fairy/Christmas lights
Beware scammers on Sproul
Where to watch UFC fights in Berkeley?
East Bay Summer Camps
Where is the cheapest place to park overnight on the weekend near Shattuck and Durant?
For those of you feeling lonely at Cal...what do you guys do?
Spring semester admission?
We're trying to get a $15/hr minimum wage movement off the ground in Berkeley, having the first public meeting on Saturday afternoon for low-wage workers and others who want to help out!
Best clubs to join to meet people?
Advice on apartment / area near Hillegass and Parker?
Online math courses?
Doctors Gasp As They Witness Shocking Delivery..They Rush To Aid Baby
UBX and living in Berkeley?
Students at Berkeley protest against fairness for college men accused of rape
Anyone else think this is sketch? ASUC senator passes bill to give her pro-bono consulting club a $3k contract to assess ASUC finances
Anyone else have a puppy, need a playmate for mine
Buy one weed get the 2nd weed free. Berkeley Only. (Rules apply) Android only, MVP testing, sorry iOS.
Larger than normal police presence yesterday?
Need to choose summer AC course and CS course
Anyone know the login for berkeleytime420's snapchat?
Mysterious $20 "UCB / HOUSING&amp;DINING" Charge?
Childish Gambino - Telegraph Ave ("Oakland" By Lloyd)
The secret spotted hyenas of UC Berkeley
Help exporting bmail emails to gmail account! EECS I am calling your name directly.
Berkeley reports possible case of measles exposure
School of Social Welfare Professor Steven Segal excoriated for mentioning black-on-black crime during a Black Lives Matter event. His students are offered another section with a different professor. His dean formally issued a complaint with the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
The dress is clearly blue and gold
School of Social Welfare Professor Jeffrey Edleson excoriated for mentioning black-on-black crime during a Black Lives Matter event. His students are offered another section with a different professor. His dean formally issued a complaint with the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
School of Social Welfare Professor Jeffrey Edleson excoriated for mentioning black-on-black crime during a Black Lives Matter event. His students are offered offered another section with a different professor. His dean formally issued a complaint with the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
Foothill Dining Commons serves Black History Month themed lunch featuring fried chicken, collard greens, watermelon, grits
Foothill Dining Commons serves Black History Month themed lunch featuring fried chicken, watermelon, collard greens
Hello r/Berkeley! I was curious if you could help me locate a sublet! (or re-direct me to an appropriate sub)
Lost Dog - Terrier/Corgi mix, male
We are Victory Point - A Board Game Cafe opening soon in Berkeley, CA!
Lab In Berkeley Accidentally Discovers Solution To Fix Color Blindness
link my berkeley email to my iphone as my primary email?
Anybody going to camp winnarainbow, june 9-14?
Bug Problem - Need help finding exterminators in Berkeley
Tired of the Airbears(2) Bullshit
Good classes for working with data in social science research?
Family Fun in Berkeley this Weekend
Advice on finding an apartment in Piedmont Gardens?
New Onion Article featuring Berkeley!
Family Fun in Berkeley this Weekend
Is taking Physics a GE requirement?
Lost my backpack. Probably in Dwinelle
CS 61a over the summer?
Does anyone know if you have to file a local income tax with Berkeley? I don't think so, but can't find any info on the web (which doesn't necessarily mean no)
Are general and major commencements all cap+gown ceremonies?
Do people like...store letters of recommendation for grad school?
Two cop cars on Clark Kerr Track
Why did you choose UC Berkeley over UCLA?
Applied for housing a day late
Berkeley Professor: What Colleges and Graduate Schools Don't Want You to Know
How the hell do I get an appointment with Tang?
Double-decker buses tested in Berkeley (with free bus rides)
UC Berkeley Computer Science
Bowles Hall at UC Berkeley to become co-ed, privately run in 2016 -- seems like a cool idea.
Registering for Summer Classes
Grad Housing Co-Ops: HIP versus The Convent
How do UCB Summer waitlists work, and what are my changes of getting off them?
Sample gym routine at RSF?
Need to sublet my 1 bedroom apartment at Stadium Place - Available around early summer.
Lost and Found in Dwinelle Hall?
Does anyone have experience dealing with premium properties?
$20 charge twice a month directly to bank account?
[Hiring] (Berkeley, CA) Part-Time Sales Associate at a Sports Medicine and Wellness Center
I'm a student at UC Davis doing a project on the Downtown Berkeley Bart area. Please take this survey!
ASKBerkeley: People who post nudes/sex/drugs on Berkeleytime(3) snapchat, why do you do it?
NYT food columnist Mark Bittman Q &amp; A his fellowship at the Berkeley Food Institute
UC Berkeley law school study finds increasing criminalization of homelessness in California
Looking for local moving company
fly with the dead
Peer counseling at Berkeley
Engineers Week 2015!
Opinions on best single-person housing options?
General vs major commencement?
where can i buy melona bars
Bioengineering at UC Berkeley?
Pajamas on Wednesday?
Where can I buy spray paint southside?
How hard is it to get off of the waitlists for summer courses?
Any 2 unit class I can still add?
Film of 60's Moe’s party found at Berkeley dump
Technology Development Engineering+Benefits
Is codeacademy a good way to prepare for CS 61A?
AC Transit will begin testing new double-decker buses on several routes next week — including the 51B
Do decals/berkeleyconnect count as upperdiv credit?
Thesis question on labor
Need help choosing community college for best chance at Berkeley transfer.
A bicyclist just got hit in front of Crossroads after blowing through a stop sign and cutting off an SUV.
Since 2001, more than 2,000 collisions in Berkeley have involved a cyclist
Need insight for my new mobile app
Looking to buy a fake ID tonight (feb 19)
When the “Robo-Cops” Came to Berkeley
Halal Guys to open location at UC Berkeley
Cal and Ole Miss schedule a home and home in 2017/2019 respectively
Hand/wrist doctor?
AEPI brother accused of sexually assaulting fellow fraternity brother
AEPi brother sexually assaults fellow fraternity brother.
How to get an internship after freshman year
Help! I'm looking for candied coconut/yam/melon/etc!
What's the best way to get to UCSB?
How to un-pledge CALPIRG
Dazed and Confused - Pants Edition
What is the (RFID) frequency of my Cal1 Card?
Jennifer Wong, columnist for the Daily Cal is having critical posts removed from her Sex on Tuesday column.
Berkeley Health Center Closes, Leaves Confidential Patient Medical Records Behind
Need help/advice on applying to Berkeley as a freshman.
Physics 7B and/or CS 70 over the summer?
EE 20 professor threatens to use forensic evidence to track down missing exam
Why is CS 70 so hard
Can someone help me with this application question?
Sex on Tuesday columnist Jennifer Wong was caught giving a blowjob in a public space by a mom and her two children just as he "climaxed down my throat"
Too rigorous for summer/Too late to change majors?
Roommate for next fall?
Anyone else having trouble with the transcript request site?
A 4-Unit Class I Can Still Add?
In light of the ASUC elections, let us look at how our money is spent...
CS and Career Fairs
When should I start looking at housing for next semester? I'm moving out of the dorms and want my own room in an apartment complex or something similar off-campus.
61C Over the Summer?
Can you P/NP R&amp;C courses?
Students wearing suits on campus on Saturday (2/14) evening: what event was it?
How do I hook-up and have sex?
Berkeley Newt Seeks Mate
Carpool to the IBM interview day tomorrow?
Which class should I take over the summer (Physics 8A, Bio 1A/1AL, or Chem 3A/3AL)?
Looking to find a subletter for this summer. Any advice?
CARS Late Fee
What's the easiest way to get into Berkeley's college of engineering?
Waived SHIP but it's still showing up on my bill, who do I talk to to get that removed?
Where can I watch SNL 40th Anniversary?
Alum moving back to Berkeley, need housing tips
The Perfect Last Minute Valentine's Day Gift - CalTV Comedy
Where to buy some art work (for decoration, that sort)?
Hella police cars zooming past north side asking is anyone saw people running
I am new around here, and I need help with picnic tomorrow!
Best property management/real estate companies you've dealt with?
Sell me on UC Berkeley
UC Berkeley law student, porn star talks balancing school and work
Interesting places to run
Looking for a bull
Solid state physics textbook for physics 141A is not that good, do you guys have other recommendations?
Grad Funding Available: Hildebrand Fellowship for research focused primarily or comparatively on Canada.
Happy early Valentine's Day!
Happy early Valentine's Day!
18 universities produce half of US and Canada’s professors [Berkeley #2 for CS, #3 for History, #4 for business]
Which is of these courses is the easiest in summer?
ASUC senators harrassed by anonymous emails
Bears win again! 5 in a row for the Men's Basketball team
Homeless in Berkeley at 21: A Young Father's Story (The Atlantic)
Does Berkeley have a networking problem? Where do I meet Cal alum?
Looking to move into the following co-ops. What are their general reputations?
Berkeley City Council passes temporary ban on police use of tear gas and rubber bullets, starts investigation into police conduct during December protests
Where to go after Berkeley community college?
Bay Area Nonprofit Implodes Even With All The Usual Red Flags - Executive Director leads nonprofit into bankruptcy and then claims in bankruptcy papers that nonprofit owes her, her mother, and her brother $1,000,000
Campus Alarm This Morning?
what happened to Unitech auto repair?
How large is the Big C?
Best place to donate a Chromebook?
Hey Berkeley redditors! Here's the first sign up for 24-hour theatre!
DC++ not work?
I need to vent a bit about AC Transit
Philip Cerles, an EECS major, wonders why he "[wrote] off studying literature, political science or history in college," "throwing all of my college energy into a mad dash to a desk job"
EECS Prof win an Academy Award!
where can I get a good chicken biryani near Campus?
Does anyone know where is the first ee126 midterm located?
The Collapse of Berkeley Health Center: A nonprofit that provides medical services to low-income people has mismanaged public funds, filed for bankruptcy, and failed to prepare patients for its closure
Renting 1 room in 2 bedroom 1 bath cottage $900
protests tonight
Are there any real benefits for being in the Cal Alumni Association other than discounts on stuff I'll probably never buy?
Where can I get fried chicken besides Seniore's Southside?
Co ops/Apts for Fall 2015
Should I drop a class?
University of California Student Association votes to divest from the United States and other governments accused of human rights violations
CupidCon Valentine's Day Bar Crawl 1-5pm
With the new berkeley.edu re-design, what's the worst designed or oldest looking webpage you've seen in the berkeley.edu realm?
3D imaging technology at Berkeley?
Need 1 more unit but maxed out on Decals?
Looking for store that sells clown makeup in Berkeley?
CalCentral here to remind you that you can get your class schedule to populate on your bCalender!
Why are so many freshmen eager to live off-campus?
Cal Dining refunds student's meal points after complaint about a dark-colored substance in her omelette at Cafe 3
Planning on coming up to Berkeley for Presidents Day Weekend. Where can I park?
Website with apartment reviews?
This Berkeley startup &amp; its energy machines are about to take off
Any LGBT oriented sports teams on campus?
Paramedics delayed by December protest — patient later died, city records show
Paramedics delayed by December protest — patient later died, city records show
Easy international studies breadth
Any other spring transfers having a hard time adjusting?
Are there any clubs for a little bit older folks?
What clubs are still available?
Cal Women's BB team beats #10 ASU on a last second shot! Great weekend for a basketball fan!
friends/seniors
Reveal yourself cal postsecret secret sender
Interested in Theater and like a good challenge?
How to party?
Cal basketball wins its third in a row in the final seconds, beating UCLA 64-62
New berkeley.edu website
Question for all of you beautiful people who transferred to Berkeley from a CC.
Classic movie screenings in Berkeley - Lost and Out of Print series exclusively on 16mm &amp; 8mm Film!
Remembering Ted Agu
Berkeleyside: "They were just two minutes away, but it took paramedics 27 minutes during the Berkeley protests in December to reach a patient who later died"
Apartment or dorm
University of California will require incoming students to be screened for tuberculosis and vaccinated for measles, mumps, rubella, chicken pox, meningococcus, tetanus and whooping cough, under a plan set to take effect in 2017.
Student activities/club or research?
Upper-division Summer Classes (not eecs or STEM)
eBay coding challenge
Is there a subreddit for Berkeley residents who don't go to UC Berkeley?
Little help here?
Vagina Monologues @ UCB If you're looking for something to do next weekend!
Cal beats USC 70-69 on a Tyrone Wallace buzzer beater! [Video]
Berkeley student looking for legal resources
If you're interested, here's Cal's 2015 football recruiting class!
Best way to get an Internship as a First-year?
Got this email this morning and figured I'd share
What is Tang Center doing about Measles?
Experiences with UC Berkeley Optometry?
Where can I get my chimichangas?
Visitor seeking advice on food.
How to study for EE127?
4 college students looking for a place to rent for the summer (Late May - Late August)
Did anyone got replies from TreeHack?
New details emerge in W. Kamau Bell/Elmwood Café storm
Shooting Rampage in Paris: Panel Discussion 5-7 PM today Feb 4, Boalt Hall (Event open to all)
CS70/math 54/CS61B: which class to take over summer?
Question about waitlist processing after this Friday
Boarding in the co-ops over the summer
Transfer from UC
Daily Cal: "We are at a loss as to why the ASUC might well be paying $15,000 to a private firm for a website redesign it does not need. We hope the senate draws on the talent of student website developers and rejects this bewildering expense."
Campanile’s 100th: The party starts tonight
Piano teacher looking for students
Berkeley in a nutshell
Berkeley Continues to go “Green” in a $100B+ Industry
Interested in Cartography, Cartooning or Canada? Join us for a talk and lunch Feb 11. (Free / RSVP)
Field Hockey/ Underhill?
Are there any students here who need help fundraising?
Any resources on how to read more effectively?
Alternative Internet Providers
Anyone ever got job offers by applying through Piazza?
Interview at BFC
Any board gamers at UC Berkeley?
Martinez vs i-house?
CAL CLIMBING GENERAL MEETING TONIGHT @ 7:00pm IN 10 EVANS
Math 1B - Coward or Reshetikhin. Need course syllabus and any class documents. Will pay
Housing Application ('15-16')
Berkeley police ask for help to find suspect after iPhone robbery of elderly man (video)
Anyone got contacted after the career fair?
Question about waitlists
UC Berkeley junior George Shum dies at 20 of natural causes according to the Alameda County Sheriff's Office Coroner's Bureau
Accessing summer telebears
Frustration with acclimating - need to vent.
This is why Cal students, and a lot of people from our generation, aren't taken seriously.
POV tour from Twin Peaks to Vista Point
Football
Fee for dropping a class during summer?
Cal footbal being repped on the front page!
Need advice on course load - Freshman CS
Advice on letters of rec
Story on Cal basketball's Christian Behrens, who lost his father two days after having ACL surgery.
Story on Cal basketball's Christian Behrens, who lost his father two day's after having ACL surgery.
Pre-med questions
Do we get to choose which dorm we prefer in summer?
Telebears change grading option not working?
Uc Berkeley nightlife?
Visiting Boalt (UC Berkeley)
Under 13 units for 2nd Time..
Interview for URAP
Math 1B - Coward &amp; Rethesikhin
Haas Verification or Interview
Martial Arts at Berkeley
Marshawn being Marshawn
Good places for clothes shopping?
Best pizza deals for 10+ people in walking distance from Downtown Berkeley?
Want to learn Spanish at the Centro Latino school in Berkeley? The Thursday morning class needs more students before it can be held! (Starts next week!)
New to the city, trying find the local rock scene?
I'd hate to be THAT guy, but I'm a little worried about admissions decisions...
This is exactly why I don't like going here. Part 2.
Unqualified for Internship
Struggling with chemistry, biology, physics, or math? We offer tutoring for both lower and upper division courses, and regular office hours for all lower division chemistry and math courses! Come check out AXE Tutoring next week!
Come out tomorrow night and party with Berkeley's professional chemistry fraternity!
Need dissertation funding? Apply for International Studies Simpson, Bendix &amp; Sharlin Awards. Up to $12,000. Applications due March 16.
Practicing tennis alone...anyone know of a backboard?
Any German speakers here?
Can someone chance me?
SAT for 20 (soon to be 21) year old?
Beginner lifting buddy?
Hoping to transfer to Cal in 2016, but curious on my chances
Where do I post apartment listings on this sub?
New Steves Job Movie was shooting in La Méditerranée
Non-Berkeley students living in the co-ops?
Does anyone have amazon career flyer's application link?
Professor Martha Olney (@MarthaOlney) sent this email to her students today
Seeking homeless Berkeley Students
Happy Birthday! Have some racism from Elmwood Cafe!
Jobs at Startups for students via Tinder? Say whaaa...
"The Berkeley City Council and police brutality." press release from the External Affairs Vice President of the ASUC
This is exactly why I don't like going here.
Will there be a drag show this year?
UC Berkeley Doctors Strike, Cite Inadequate Student Mental Health Services
Thrift stores near campus?
Stadium Fitness Center quality?
Berkeley Bars
Dean of UC Berkeley’s Journalism School on the state of the media and related education
Pilot flew over Berkeley for his brother at Cal
Is the media studies major essentially the same as a comm major at other schools?
Financial advice on campus?
Student says unpaid internships exploit "desperate [humanities] students looking for work." Are good opportunities that elusive?
Key &amp; Peele Sketch, Cal Football represent! (wait for the ending)
Anyone want to buy my single speed 55cm bianchi bike? This subreddit has helped me out so much I'll take 40 off my craigslist asking price!
Will there be UCB Startup fair on Spring 2015?
Moved to US for university from Europe, chances for getting into Berkeley?
How can I keep my @berkeley.edu after dropping out?
5,000 megapixel image of Sather Gate
A few questions about coops
Trying out boxing?
Berkeley cyclist dies after hit and run
Nearest outdoor mini golf course?
Fun Engineering Classes?
Tae Kwon Do or Martial Arts
Useful to join a fraternity?
Charles Townes, professor emeritus of physics at Cal and inventor of the laser, passed away this morning at age 99
Charles Townes, professor emeritus of physics at Cal, inventor of the laser, passed away this morning at age 99.
do freshman go to career fairs?
ELI5: Why am I still walking past smokers all the time?
Loud plane over Berkeley was Navy F-18
Councilmember Proposes Temporary Ban on Tear Gas in Wake of Berkeley Protests.
Did there used to be a Subway in lower sproul?
WHAT WAS THAT SOUND?
Noise over Channing/Shattuck area
jericho! Improv and Sketch Comedy has 50% more characters than ever
Anyone wanna hit??
Suspicious man asking for help...
Seeking Drummer for Psychedelic Rock Band in Berkeley
Looking for a Sports Clubs Communications Intern at Rec Sports
After ordering pizza with stolen card, teen charged with 4 armed robberies in Berkeley
Black Cal students repaint The Big C to reflect African flag
I'm freaked out I won't get a bid...
Would anyone be interested in doing an AMA with a campus ambassador/tour guide?
Is using Project Free TV allowed on Dorm Wifi?
How many technicals is too many (ChemE)?
Where to get a watch fitted
Why can't I find anyone who's gone on the Global Internship Program? Does anyone actually do it? Is it worthwhile?
Readmitted students, when did you regain telebears access?
Downloading bSpace Files
Readmitted students, how long did it take for you to gain access to telebears?
Parking Tips for an Out of Town Cal Student?
Anyone know what all those sirens were?
I really want some Fruit by the Foot.
Political Econ Pre Reqs
Reduced course load?
Classes for software engineering job?
Anyone get accepted / denied to Cal with the supplement questionnaire?
Viral internet star Grumpy Cat comes to Berkeley
Soup Kitchen?
Need someone to talk to other than tang free counseling
Did anyone catch them filming the new Steve Jobs movie on College Ave today? At La Med? Danny Boyle, Michael Fassbender, Seth Rogen..
Lil B on Memorial Glade
Getting dropped from R1B because I'm taking it for premed, not R&amp;C requirements?
Dramatic lecture entrance
SkyDeck Success: Berkeley Project Helps Six Soar onto Forbes "30 Under 30" Lists
Consulting clubs on campus
Are there any car enthusiast clubs in Berkeley?
What sort of student ID's are there around?
Deloitte Case Competition
To the kickass Berkeley intern who designed my buddy's site's. Well done. Those long hours in the library = legit work. My friend will continue hiring bears.
Come get some free drinks at Melo Melo kava bar.
Telebears help
Possible to take CS61C at a community college?
Snapped a photo of the two Chinooks that just flew over with another heli escort
Buyback price comparison for all 2612 Berkeley textbooks. Online vs. the Cal bookstore, with a clear winner (or rather loser)
Registration block from R&amp;C Requirement
Data Science AMA at noon PT that Cal folks
UC police warn of increase of auto burglaries throughout the campus' parking lots
UC Berkeley campus police warn of increase of auto burglaries throughout the campus' parking lots
Irish guy looking for a place to stay for j1
history requirement for philosophy majors
What on-campus resources are available for students who've returned after a gap semester/gap year?
Prospective high school student here, looking for some advice.
Easiest upper div humanities?
PSA: Do not fill out forms for "summer internship opportunities" that are passed around in class.
Anyone selling btc?
Going to be in the Oakland/Berkeley area for the weekend. Want to check out the UC Berkeley campus. Any insight/helpful info is appreciated!
2 Teens Arrested by UC Berkeley Police in Attempted Strong-Arm Robbery
How much 61B is involved in CS 160?
Question on SAP appeals
It's All Good!!
Cool Cats Seeking Shelter (Studio, Granny, Etc)
Good places to park around Northside?
Barber shop close to Ashby BART?
Nominate Professor Coward Outstanding Staff Award
Letters and Science 6 Upper Division Units outside of your major?
Quiet place with good wifi?
Interested in joining a theater group? How about a 1-unit decal?
How long does it usually take for your degree to post?
Physics C10 or L&amp;S 70B?
UC Berkeley Law Student (Asian American) Became a Pornstar to Prove Against that 1 Asian Stereotype | Amped Asia
Old UC Berkeley test files for a bunch of classes. Anyone want them?
What can you tell me about my classes this semester?
Where can I find 'lemon cakes' in Berkeley?
ME104 and MEC85 concurrently?
"Occupy the syllabus" [Op-Ed published by Daily Cal]
Anyone selling a XL (60-64cm) road bike for under $300?
Free Lil B Concert for Spring Welcome Week
Physics job/research options?
Looking to rush this semester to make friends, which frats should I look at?
Classes during summer and working at a start up? anyone do it before?
Is there anyway to get CS189 material?
Can someone explain to me how waitlisting works? (new transfer student)
Do labs start today 61a? (Concurrent Enrollment)
Options for CS senior who have not found job yet
What's a course here you think anyone and everyone should take? And why?
Part of Southside has lost power
Difference in lecture content between Lec 1 and Lec 2 for STAT 133?
Bcourses not working with Safari?
How many units is too much! 17 units? Add EE20?
Parking at North Berkeley BART?
Spring Rush 2015
HELP! Need to improve GPA or im toast . What are easy A classes I can take?
Good vet?
Entering the Genetics and Plant Biology Field??
Anxiety management without medication?
Got Flair?
3rd Year Spring Admit Transfer Questions
Film + Web Graphic Designer Needed for Tiny Home Competition
Seeking students who have/who are interested in studying abroad
Anyone willing to sell old snowboarding gear?
We need a place to rent
Is there a place on campus to donate used clothes?
How to dispose mini-fridge?
YSK about Berkeley Connect (free meals and 1 course credit)
Trying to get a regular softball game together, but need committed players to rent field.
Is There A Protest/Riot Today (MLK Day)?
How do manual waitlists work?
Beginner violin lessons?
Jazz Jam?
Question about medical school?
Places to buy liquor in southside?
None of the course websites are up yet, is this normal?
Parking help
Motorcycle parking at Cal?
OMG - Comcast - you're killing me!
Good humanities classes that are still open?
Best places to walk for 3DS Spotpass?
Upperclassmen -- still feeling disconnected at Cal. Help?
Graduate seminar question
Tutor looking for clients. I can help with chemistry, math, and physics
places to play soccer in Berkeley?
resume for a CS major
Martial arts/self-defense at Berkeley?
Possibility of getting off the waitlist for cs 170?
With all the new students coming in this month; what's a list of must-sees and benefits they should know about right away?
Any Berkeley Game of Thrones fans out there?
Looking for a room to sublet for this semester [urgent]
Is there a way to join old bCourses class sites?
How easy is it to get into CS169 if you are not eecs or cs?
Best Breakfast Burrito
Cog sci
Looking for a RSF partner
UC Student Association passes vote of no confidence in UC regents and UC President Napolitano
UC Berkeley senior Barry Moores dies at age 21 on Christmas Day after a car accident in Rancho Santa Fe, California
Econ 136 w/out prereqs
Need help rushing fraternities
Movie theater in Downtown has an interesting men's room...
Amazon Prime/Amazon Student?
Help our neighbors in Oakland win a grant to build a community garden!
Moving all my shit
Does Berkeley feel non-academic to anyone else?
What should I do / am I doing the right thing?
Beard maintenance in Berkeley?
subletting a new unfurnished apartment for the summer
Non-econ major taking upper div econ classes
Do you send friend requests to....
URAP
Berkeley Police to Conduct DUI Checkpoint
For black students at UC Berkeley, protests are about Ferguson — and their own lives
Failed Pre-requisite Course
UC Berkeley students get 6 months of Amazon prime for free
DARSweb saying that all my grades for Spring 2014 were replaced grades.
PSA: Safeway on College&amp;Claremont reopens to public this Friday 1/16 at 8am
Need some housing for next semester.
knight ozzy osborne petition...sign friends
CS internship for summer after freshman year
Pledging+ Pre Med?
Easiest Frat to rush?
Any interested in a Cal Meetup?
PSA: Protest this Weekend
New to Berkeley- Looking [f]or a Hair Salon
Berkeley PD recovered this silver Surly Long Haul Trucker, seeking owner
Another telebears question
Computer Repair near campus?
AMA with Berkeley Biology professor Michael Eisen
No internship and about to graduate
One-sentence description of fraternities
GPA requirement for URAP?
Major in something I love (English/History) or major in something that brings in the money (CS)?
CS major + work study?
Question about entering
UGBA 137 - Intro to Financial Engineering
telebears help
What happened to me after I was ticketed for running a red on my bicycle at Center and Shattuck
How many weeks into the semester do you typically find out if you've received a URAP position or not?
Berkeley cyclists!
Supplementary Questionnaire?
First Day: Confirm enrolled or try for waitlisted class?
UC Berkeley sees 6-percent jump in applications for undergraduate admissions
Get off waitlist?
Filling Breadths with courses from other schools?
Are there any recommended psychologists that specialize in depression and stress in the area? I really need one, soon.
Appealing for a class to fulfill an L&amp;S breadth requirement
Looking for a place to live for Fall 2015
Fin Aid
Mandatory Rush Event Coincides w/ Mandatory 1st Class for Decal
Do a lot of merchants around Berkeley take Discovery?
Anyone know a good tailor in the Berkeley area?
Is it likely to find an apartment around campus for 6 people?
Come to the CITY on 1/16 to PARTY / NETWORK with other Artists
Spring Rush [Fraternities]
Who Wants to Watch Movies
Spring Rush?
Cal Cheerleading Tryouts are on April 12th, 2015!
Online resources on transferring out?
Does anyone else here feel like they do most of the learning by themselves?
UC Berkeley Yik Yaks be like….
Are there any spots open on campus to get some work done?
Missing Language Class
Philosophy Major/entrepreneur looking for CS major to take over dev duty for my website.
Media Studies Major
Additional Supplement for extenuating circumstances?
Spanish 4?
Berkeley's Masters in Social Work program - anyone familiar with it?
Summer Classes
Cal 1 Debit
Advice on finding post-undergrad research?
Hoping to get a little more info before transferring
Heat gun on Campus?
Half the starting RBs left in playoffs went to California
Any Charlie Hebdo solidarity demonstrations in Berkeley?
Local artist sketches commuters on BART (x-post from r/sanfrancisco)
Free 2014 LSAT study material. I left this at Moffitt front desk earlier today and told them to give it to the first person who asks for them.
Does anyone know a good place to sell Chem 1A Textbook?
Getting around on the cheap - are there student discounts for the bus/bart?
astro c10 w/ fillipenko
Chem C130 or 135
Chem C130 or 135
Just turned 21, where can I get cheap alcohol?
X-POST from /r/NFL, but it's reassuring!
Did anyone hear about the car that drove off the cliff on Grizzly Peak today? I was driving by at 5PM and saw a white car down the cliff.
History 5 with Shagan
pre-med chemistry requirements?
Stats 134
When does our eft come in?
I can't access the cs61a lectures?
cs61a vs cs61b
Cal Refuses to Pay Berkeley Minimum Wage: The city's largest employer — UC Berkeley — says it's exempt from abiding by the new minimum wage of $10 an hour in Berkeley.
Grocery shopping/Saving money in Berkeley advice
is it weird to take multiple intro classes for the same subject area?
Warning regarding Saigon Express.
when do we fill out the FAFSA again?
Cal Refuses to Pay Berkeley Minimum Wage
Is the semester unit cap a hard cap or a soft cap?
What's your typical schedule like?
Any advice for a CC transfer student who wants to major in political science?
impossible to try to double with CS?
Physics 8A Discussions/Lab
Anybody know if the Personal Finance class will be offered in spring?
where do you guys go shopping ?
Subletting an Apartment in Berkeley
#BlackBrunch hits Berkeley
I Love You CoraZzoncito
Norwegian student looking for a place to live
Cal Basketball defeats #21 ranked Washington 81-75 in the first game of Pac-12 play!
Considering Grad School..could I get some tips?
Why is UCB great?
Selection process to CS reader?
LOST DOG AT 3PM TODAY PLEASE HELP!
Looking for Student Models
Anyone have any experience with the WebDesign Decal?
Is getting a CS internship the summer after sophomore year too late?
Books for Spring 2015?
Surviving cancer helped shape Cal’s Cuonzo Martin as coach
Potential student, looking for polisci advice
L&amp;S breadth courses in summer via online CC
If I'm out of state, would I be at a disadvantage if I was intending to transfer to Berkeley from a 2 year community college?
Interesting discussion about Berkeley in a thread about Stanfurd (x-post from /r/todayilearned/)
Donate to the Daily Cal - $15,000 goal
For alumni who have their @berkeley.edu "kept" and forwared to your gmail, how do you access the junk folder or avoid something landing in there?
Fund the future - Daily Californian by Chloe Hunt
Experiences with Cal's Dismissal Review Committee
to all you cray cats...bacon soda, i got bacon soda
Did going Greek help you make closer friends?
I don't really feel like I'm part of this school.
Anyone know where I could take some theater classes on the side? City College doesn't offer any
Query about applying to UC Berkeley, MIS program.
Meteor Shower (Quadrantids)
Walk in spring commencement if "graduating" next fall?
Decal Suggestions?
Help! Need new years party fit for Canadians
Best place to watch New Year fireworks? (Feel free to join us!)
Staying an extra semester and going abroad
Online Course Credit Transfer - Economics
How long can I go without taking R1B and AC in L&amp;S?
1 dead after 2 shot near West Berkeley Everett &amp; Jones BBQ, which may have begun as a robbery of medical marijuana.
Interesting History Courses?
Does Finacial Aid for Housing Cover IHOUSE or COOP? (AND STUDY ABROAD?)
Cal RPG club
How can i prepare for CS189 (machine learning)?
Just saw a sketchy dude stash this Bianchi bike behind a dumpster area and just left it. If you know whose this is, message me and I'll help you recover it.
Does anyone know this couple that I shot (Dec 28 - Berkeley Hills overlooking SF and Oakland)
CS70
Bears, Use your school email and get 6 months free of Amazon Student Prime 2-day Shipping. Cancel whenever. More info in link
Junior Transfer - I don't think I'll meet the GPA requirement to declare CS this semester. Would love some advice.
Failed AP class
Rollerblading on/around campus
Hey all! 2014 is almost over, and I wanted to share an a cappella medley of the top 2014 songs that a couple of Berkeley folks and I made. Enjoy!
how do you personally stop obsessing about grades ?
Taking CS 61A with no background in CS?
Asking the important questions here: How does StreetPass work on campus?
Chemistry and MCB double degree
Are there any clothing donation places in the area?
How heavy in workload would cs170 and cs188 be for somebody who isn't that good at probability?
Anyone else NP PolySci 179?
Unhappy With Grade - Retake Class Possible?
Is linear algebra easier than calculus?
CS61A curve for fall 2014
Suggestion for 4 unit breadth courses?
Business grad school GPAs?
Retroactive withdrawal
Anyone in Berkeley up for a drink tonight?
If I do get dismissed...
Anyone else waiting for Stat 134 grades? Adhikari seemed very sure they'd be out Tuesday after finals but I still haven't seen anything...
Feedback on components for gaming system
Final Grades
SHIP Spring Waiver
Community members hold vigil for a Berkeley, Missouri, black teenager shot after pointing a gun at a cop
Community members hold vigil for a Berkeley, Missouri, black teenager shot after pointing a gun a cop
Berkeley summer session 2015
Do CS majors take a gap year before starting to work?
How do Decals work?
Can I declare applied math?
Looking for cool places to visit with my dog.
Another iBanking Post
Happy Holidays fellow Bears!
How easy is Slavic 50?
Choppers just started circling, what's going on?
Berkeley officer kills suspect who pulled gun; police say victim was 'known' to police
Life at Berkeley...
ibanking at Cal
Christian Groups at Cal
"MUNCH" - parody of Disclosure's "Latch" music video by some Cal students.
In limited release, Elmwood theater on College ave will premier 'The Interview' on Christmas day
I waived SHIP for the fall but now it's on my bill for Spring. What?!
Questions about Martinez
Trying MBA classes before applying
If you're bored since school's over, here's a really easy survey made by a friend.
Where do clubs sign up for spring 2015 Calapalooza? And by when?
Question regarding RSF Memberships
Haas/Econ GPA Investment Banking
Is anybody watching the 31C3 in Berkeley?
SHIP for the Spring Semester
Courserank got shut down, replacement?
Bill Maher delivers keynote address at UC Berkeley commencement
I am disgusted
A place to get quarters on Sunday?
Miscalculation in course letter grade
I just learned my friend is copying my resume. He just got a job.
20-year-old man found dead on Piedmont Avenue
L&amp;S students, what do you do if you get a D in a major prereq?
Margarita Happy Hour + Chips / Salsa
Man died after Berkeley protests delayed help
Two men and a 17-year-old boy arrested for robbing two couples in the hills above UC, kidnapping one of the them
Two men and a 17-year-old boy arrested for robbing two couples in the hills above the UC Berkeley, kidnapping one of the them
Two men and a 17-year-old boy were arrested for robbing two couples in the hills above the UC Berkeley Thanksgiving, kidnapping one of the couples
Can anyone give a ride to the oakland airport tomorrow (December 20th) for a 7am flight?
New in Berkeley: The first US store of a Canadian poutine chain
Taking a year off, how will it affect my job prospects?
So, President Napolitano is now a professor at Berkeley as well.
Has anyone taken Econ 100A with Kamala before?
Harsh IP contract when signing CS job offers.
Opportunities for a violinist?
Finals week at Cal is hard, and often makes you question your sanity and intelligence. In those moments, it's important to stop for a moment, dig deep, and take a good long look at... this link, to remind yourself that you're actually not that bad at this whole "being a functioning person" thing.
cash 4 grades (cs61a)
Use your school email address and get 6 months free of Amazon Student Prime 2-day Shipping. Cancel it after the holidays! Title link has the deal info.
Might fail math and have a question
With an .edu address, you can make $100 in an hour with promo code: 30Dollars
Which major has the fewest required courses at Cal?
Ran out of gas on the 24. Anyone with a gas can?
Poe &amp; CTZN - Life | We're a Berkeley based hip hop duo. This is our second release.
best places to buy cal gear ?
Working on a game and wanted to share my progress!
Is there an art room somewhere I could use to paint in?
Are there any students at Berkeley who transferred from Community college? And if so, how did you do it?
do you think i'll get kicked out?
Need gift idea for cousin at Cal
I'm Anirvan Chatterjee, and I curate the Berkeley South Asian Radical History Walking Tour. Ask me anything! : ABCDesis
Looking to share a ride to SoCal (Santa Barbara) this Friday after 1pm — Will pay more than usual!
Prof. Ananya Roy's moving to UCLA next year - I hope they know how lucky they are.
Looking for someone driving to SoCal (Santa Barbara in particular) this Friday after 1pm. I will pay more than usual!
Is a minor in computer science worth it?
Student Photographer for Wedding
Anyone else watching these crazy city council meetings tonight?
Tips on doing overnighters in Main Stacks?
Op-ed: BAMN’s protest plans (on the protests last week) were calculated to cause violence
PSA: 4 Cell Phone Robberies &amp; Thefts in a single day, be careful when using your phone in public in the evening
For those of you who took a summer class
Cap and Gown
Thinking about taking CS164 next semester but looking for a project partner?
UC Berkeley researchers study why the Morpho butterfly is such a brilliant blue
Psych up playlists
AMA Announcement: Anirvan Chatterjee, curator of the South Asian Radical History Walking Tour in Berkeley, will be at /r/ABCDesis TOMORROW (Dec. 17) at 12pm EST to answer questions
Hey guys, we made a Taylor Swift music video.
Preparing to move to Bay Area. Sell me on Berkeley?
What do you guys tip cashiers?
Telebears Redesign by the instructor of the Web Design Decal. I wish this is how Telebears looked.
All-America candidate Brittany Boyd, coach Charmin Smith join Berkeley protests
Telebears dropped 2 of my classes for no reason. What should I do?
[MISC] Poetry in Peaceful Protest (aka We're Demonstrating Adults, so Let's Sound like Adults)
How are you "normal students" being affected by the protests?
PSA: Potential UC Berkeley data breach from last September
Currency exchange?
Taiwan Restaurant in downtown Berkeley closing after 42 years
When do reserved seats for classes stop being reserved?
Failing a class my first semester here
UC Berkeley Food Pantry is open during finals week; three free food items for students running low on food
Where can I find kimchi in Berkeley?
Effigies of lynchings update. Anonymous group leaves a message.
Here's a lesser known Disney song to brighten your spirit as finals approach
Biking at Berkeley
Have you checked out Berkeley's hot sauce shop?
Shameless plug for the album I obsessively worked on for the past year here in Berkeley. Give it a listen (link in the article). Feel free to hate on it or dig it while you're studying.
If you don't feel like supporting the woman who drove her car through protesters and damaged her mirror, why not support dental surgery for the protester who lost two teeth trying to keep the protests peaceful?
How's physics H190?
Need someone to help me move on Thursday 12/18. Just from apartment into Pod.
finals are coming
Puppies and Kittens Over Looters
Any free food happening on campus during finals?
Anyone here on couchsurfing?
Berkeley and Oakland – A Memorial for Freedom
UC Berkeley Biologists Confirm God Evolved From Chimpanzee Deity
UC Berkeley student whose car was surrounded by protesters is out $500 to have broken car mirror repaired
Nexus 5 and AirBears 2
What are some gifts you can only get in CA or in Berkeley?
Depictions of lynchings seen around campus.
What was your biggest mistake this semester?
Just a thought
First Internship After 61B
Sorority Spring Rush?
Daily Cal: "it is not the job of white people — whose lives society already values — to flood the demonstrations and take the lead"
HELP PLEASE-- seeking study aid
Tips: Graduate Admission Interview
How is the Muslim community at Berkeley?
Oakland protests' OT costs for cops: $1.3 million
Mission stabbing victim a Berkeley student with promise
Is i-house worth it?
How We Shut Down Peter Thiel And Ended Up With Guns In Our Faces
Is this the #CHPGunman?
Berkeley In the Sixties Documentary (1990) - The origins of the Free Speech Movement, People's Park, and the development of the counterculture at Berkeley in the 1960's
Berkeley protester has two teeth knocked out by vandals: "This harms movements"
storm video: Memorial Glade slip &amp; slide
Emeryville stores trashed, looted during ovenight protests
Can we protect our city and start protesting the protestors?
Footage of everyone being arrested who protested on the I-80.
Earn $5 to answer an online survey about your thoughts regarding the protests, and Cal's response.
"Undercover" Cop points gun at Reuters photographer. Berkeley 12/10/14
Undercover Cop points gun at Reuters photographer Noah Berger. Berkeley 10/10/14 • /r/pics
What's the unit cap for summer session?
[Video] Protest Interrupts Peter Thiel Talk at UC Berkeley
Peaceful protest, #JewishLivesMatter, and symbolic die-ins would have definitely put an end to Nazi atrocities.
PSA: Turn on your headlights!
Strawberry Creed Flooding
Any pictures of Strawberry Creek right now?
calming academic question! it's not about protests or storms!
VIDEO: Crazy Rain in Berkeley, Flooded Strawberry Creek | Pineapple Express
Masked Undercover Cops at Last Night's Protest Pull Gun, Make Arrests
A poem to the Bay Area Black Bloc
If you're an Asian American, don't be so quick to support the protests. Remember the 1992 riots and the violence against us!
HD Video: Peter Thiel police state protest
Petition of the demands of the people for justice- a response to killer cops
Apparently an undercover cop joined the protests and was outed, then made an arrest
Is a D- (60%) enough to get credit for a political science upper div?
Some necessary context about the Thiel event disruption from protesters who were arrested (for a different protest).
Billionaire Investor Peter Thiel Chased Off Stage By Angry Protestors At UC Berkeley
Help! My bike was just stolen from the Berkeley Library Claremont Branch.
Protestors: Please disrupt finals. You'll have my eternal gratitude
Peter Thiel talk shut down by protesters
Livestream of the protest?
Help! My bike was just stolen outside of the Berkeley Library Claremont Branch. Any help is appreciated
How much national/international coverage are we getting because of the protests?
Californians are really fucking terrified of rain
Protest at 7pm tonight - yes, again
ECE or CSE degree for EECS undergrad?
Found Credit Card on Euclid ave, N of University
UGBA 106: Removal of Individual Final Assignment
Why is there a chopper hovering southside already?
Anoncon 2014
Video of the protester who was punched for trying to stop a fire.
You know... this guy is kind of right (Berkeley Protests)
Party This Saturday
Woman gives birth after being trapped in freeway protest, 16 emergency calls inside hot zone including stroke patient
The New York Times' perspective on Berkeley activism today versus the 1960s (front page article)
Holman Society Event: "Berkeley: City of the Blind"[January 10, 2015]
Open/ closed relationships, polyamory, monogamy, nonmonogamy at UC Berkeley: Still a closeted topic? What's your experience?
Chances of changing section for Pub Pol C103
Live streamer TruthCastersTV (aka Van Man) forced out of car, had phone taken, claimed getting beaten before stream went dark
Synopsis of the Protests These Past Couple of Nights
What in the honest fuck is wrong with people?
For everyone who calls the Berkeley protesters violent, this is what protesters did in Ukraine. Talk about perspective (not condoning this at all)
Dude just lost two teeth after trying to stop #berkeleyprotests from starting fire. Video TK
4th day of ongoing protests in Berkeley
How hard would this schedule be?
These Protests are Getting Out of Control
Anti-white tirade on Berkeley Confessions FB page. Your thoughts?
Softball in Oakland
100-150 protesters just barged into Crossroads and paraded around for a bit
A Letter From a Delayed BART Passenger
More protests tonight...
Hardest Class at Cal?
We welcome the fire, We welcome the rain.
City of Berkeley calls ‘invite-only’ press conference just for TV news
Is it fair for my professor to give pop quizzes during dead week review lectures?
Photo gallery: 150 arrested in Berkeley protests over police brutality
'Storm of the decade' to hit bay area tomorrow evening; expect 30MPH winds Weds night and 2" of rain thru friday
What streets are usually closed by the protestors.
Looking for a maid service in Berkeley for my Airbnb listing
Is there going to be a protest tonight?
These protests really make me sad.
Worried about an application requirement- How important is the visual/performing arts requirement in your application?
What are we even doing anymore?
"Dear White Protestors" - blogpost by "Young, Gifted, and Black"
Berkeley Protest Hijacked - People Behaving Badly
Thank you for your service, protesters. You are being watched the world over.
Woman Reportedly Goes Into Labor While Stuck In Traffic After Protesters Shut Down I-80 In Berkeley
Discussion: butt-hurt
If I get an acceptance letter from Berkeley next April/May, I'm gonna get a tattoo.
Who is on the freeway right now (non-protester)?
Discussion: Not your street
need some more live streams... the video protects the protests
Cal Alum Tom Kardos "The Kite-Man of Berkeley" Lost at Sea
Streaming 'on the ground' camera from the protests
Is there anywhere I can go to see the footage from the news choppers that are covering the Berkeley protests? (X-posted r/bayArea)
So what store are we looting tonight? I would like to make a shopping list.
Live updates on the protest from twitter. Current estimates are 1000+ protesters, so far peaceful on both sides.
is it safe to go outside?
POLICE BRUTALITY @ UC Berkeley Student March 12/6/14
I'm in an open relationship and want to ask my math GSI out
Berkeley is going to go off again tonight. Here is a good piece on what has been going down.
The big picture about social views in Berkeley.
6 Things the Mainstream Media Won’t Tell You About the Berkeley Protests Against Abusive Police | Alternet
I walked around downtown Berkeley this morning and took photos of the aftermath of last night's protest. Lots of damage and violence that distracts from the protest's message and hurts our community.
Protest Organizers: Change your strategy!
How would I go about getting a ticket to hear Bill Maher's graduation talk?
On days like today, I think that Berkeley should remember our roots
Stop being useful idiots for the Occupy Oakland anarchists.
Bear Lincoln - Revival [Oakland DanceRock] ft. unabashed use of religious overtones and puppies
Timeline of the events that went down last night.
Made a great decision
Bring a Vegan Professional Bootcamp to Berkeley! Any interest?
2 papers due today...
Are the protests over or are they gonna keep happening all next week?
Berkeley Radioshack Looting 12/07/14
Is this anarchy?
Congratulations on that "peaceful" Berkeley protest...assholes.
To Anyone Who Is Protesting.
Oh look, a post that tries to organize a student clean up of the riots. Let me highjack it with my SJW agenda.
Citywide cleanup being organized
Huge shoutout to all the peaceful protestors...
Anyone taking Zook's class?
Before we get another argumentative thread about tonight going...
Live Stream by the Freeway 12/7
A handy guide to free speech and protests. Know your rights, Berkeley!
A great video my friend made about the protests last night
Live updates from the second day of ongoing protests in Berkeley
I'm looking for a place to rent.
Helicopter over Southside?
Media wins =( Berkeley protest is all about police being attacked and violent looters, but this is what really happened
Question concerning the declaration of an "unlawful protest"
Question concerning the declaration of an "unlawful protest"
Question concerning the declaration of an "unlawful protest"
Teargas Video from Last Night on Telegraph Ave.
Hundreds of pictures proving excessive force against protestors by Berkeley Police.
Does anybody know where Berkeley IT is on campus?
Berkeley PD to Students Right Now
Why do all the headlines talk about the two injured officers, but none of them mention the injured protesters?
POLICE BRUTALITY at last night's protest [HD]
A couple kisses in front of Berkeley riot police
CIA was in Berkeley tonight.
Transfer Query
Berkeley police line advance on Telegraph Ave against Ferguson/Eric Garner protestors
For those that support that recent protests: What is your solution? What are you protesting for?
What's going on at Telegraph/Parker right now. Tear gas is wafting into my apartment..
A man is arrested at the intersection of Telegraph and Bancroft
Forty images from tonight's protest (8pm - 10pm)
Stay safe, everyone!
Powerful picture from the protests
Live stream from police line @ Telegraph and Durant
Where can I buy a parking spot?
Police roll exploding gas canister into Berkeley crowd
What place does an armored car have in Berkeley? What possible purpose could it be used for during a protest? I, for one, am beyond angry to see something like this on our streets. This is exactly what we all should be protesting.
A dozen of cop car on Dwight Way?
Anoncon Fall 2014
Anyone having issues on Verizon with LTE?
Gift ideas from some of Berkeley's best indie shops
Spanx For Arms
NYT article on "Quirky Berkeley"
Daily Cal article mentioned Leland Yee right after Kevin Sabo's quote about pervasive Legislature corruption being a thing of the past
CS61C Dan and Miki End of Year Song
Nils Gilman, Associate chancellor: In response to UC tuition hike op-ed
UC Berkeley freshman dies at 19
What was the song that played on the Campanile just now?
Fact check: "The best defense is a good offense." FALSE
Life after 61B with Hilfinger
Art class for CNR?
Different views on "privilege" from Oliver Friedfeld of Georgetown University and Jacob Leonard of Berkeley
Cal students, supporters hold ‘black lives matter’ rally
People who took a gap semester/year, what did you do?
Worth Spending $3,000 on CS61A?
The university is refusing to honor the new minimum wage
Attending Cal in the Spring and do not know one soul in the entire state. Would love some advice.
Moffitt Laptop Stands
CS Internship Recruiting Timeline &amp; 61B
Rising retirement costs help drive UC plan to raise tuition
Spring Admit to Cal looking for off campus housing
Will my financial aid be taken away??
From the asshole who brought you "Berkeley's reaction to ISIS"...
Dead Week and Finals Advice
I'm sure living in SF is nice, but they'll never beat the view we have from the Berkeley hills
Since when did Airbears2 start advertising?
Sooo the Sex on Tuesday writer slept with her professor...
Now that the series requirement has been eliminated for engineers, can anyone suggest any (easy) CoE upper div breadths?
Allen Ginsberg on shopping at Trader Joe's. (MLK Street used to be called Grove.)
Is anyone else having trouble signing in to Oskicat?
How bad is an F on a transcript if you repeat the class and get a significantly better grade?
Proposed State Democrat plan involves no UC tuition increase, graduation incentives for Cal state students, and increased enrollment at the expense of a 17% tuition increase for out-of-state students and loss of middle class scholarship
The indie movie "Quest" was filmed at Telegraph and Haste around 2:30 yesterday afternoon.
PSA: POL SCI 179 final is tomorrow!
Is depression/suicidal thoughts a valid reason to apply to DSP?
2 units short of graduation. Has anyone been in this situation before?
Llamas on Sproul right now, belonging to the man in the second picture
Cal lost another student. :( RIP senior Paul Hansen, 26.
Can someone confirm is airbears is down?
A local Whole Foods giveaway for all you starving students out there.
Can you recommend a good ISP in Berkeley (or Oakland)?
Computer help?
What essay citation form are you using these days?
Poli Sci 179 Study Guide
Physics 7B or Math 118 Textbooks
Mkae $100+ with your .edu Email!
What was getting filmed at Telegraph and Haste around 2:30 this afternoon?
Question about dentist and SHIP
Has any one heard of College Works Painting?
When are GSIs announced for the upcoming semester?
Why does the Tang Center only have 2 appointment slots a day?
to whoever played "one summer's day" at the campanile today
Hiccup Hitman
Any recommended biology breadths for next semester?
Is Bear Facts down?
Abandoned, possibly stolen bike found near Haste and Fulton. Describe it and it is yours (for free, duh).
Bike found on Haste St, probably stolen. Describe it in enough detail and it is yours.
Questions about the College of Chemistry
Is finding a place to live supposed to be this hard?
blades uv grass
Taking CS61C During Summer
I'm running a fundraiser for Doctors without Borders on Dec 6th at Games of Berkeley - I'm calling it a success if I can get 5 players.. but so far I have 2. Anyone up for a game of Pandemic?
From Ferguson To Ayotzinapa: March Against State Violence
Taking a CS class and Math 1B at same time over summer
Poli Sci 179 Final Study Sheet
Not passing a required class in your last semester?
I feel like I came to the wrong school
How is the fininacial aid for out of state students?
Is there an Esperanto community at Berkeley?
Taking less than 10 units as a graduating senior
Poli Sci 179 Final Study Group/Guide
Guaranteed the hottest Berkeley model hands down. Any dissenters?
Would anyone mind taking a look at my application essay?
The Impact of Tuition Hikes on Undergraduate Debt--"The current financial aid system is structured to translate both higher tuition and higher financial 'aid' into higher debt."
Please help!! Looking for Asian American college students to participate in an anonymous research study!
Couple sitting in car at dirt turn-out on Grizzly Peak Blvd overlook early Friday morning robbed at gunpoint, kidnapped
Couple sitting in a car at Berkeley overlook early Friday morning robbed at gunpoint and kidnapped
Poli Sci 179 Final
Campus life at Berkeley
Be careful out there: 2 people robbed near UC Berkeley
UC Berkeley Students Protesting Tuition Hikes Vacate Wheeler Hall After 7-Day Occupation
Any restaurant that's open on the south side?
Admission for international students
About football
Will I get a parking ticket? I never left my car...
Software/business employers in Berkeley?
Places to study on Thanksgiving?
Free $65 Paypal with MindSumo (Students Only w/ .EDU Email)
Restaurants serving Thanksgiving dinner?
My UGBA GSI's sharply worded emails to the class when his substitute failed to show up to section
Professor's Unethical Behavior &amp; Violation of Faculty Code of Conduct
Sex on Tuesday columnist Boni Mata asked students from the Occupy Wheeler movement whether they enjoy having sex during menstruation.
Sex on Tuesday columnist Boni Mata, asked students whether or not they enjoy having sex during menstruation.
Ode to Vaibhev Loomba
CS61A or 61B First?
Math 1B and CS61B at Same Time During Summer?
Travel Advisory: BART closed due to "medical emergency," plan alternate airport routes for getting home if you're travelling!
Dirks addresses protesters directly - Daily Cal Video
BART is not going from/to Berkeley. Why?
Need a class for my R&amp;C B requirement in the spring
15 Startups That You Can [Mostly] Use In Berkeley To Make Your Thanksgiving 15X Better
What is the grading scale at Berkeley?
Anxious about my chances for admission next fall. What do you think?
It’s Official – @Pac12 Officially Says Officials are Incompetent
CalTV Comedy - Room Raiders
Going out for Thanksgiving
How do students have the time to go out and protest?
Pac12 admits replay crews got it wrong, twice. Will be disciplined.
Does anyone know of cheap single bedroom or studio apartments near the campus?
Here are some pictures I took from the Berkeley protest today
Berkeley Apartments
Reminder: use the report button!
Bigger disappointment...
Disrupting lecture to make a political point? Not cool.
Here are some photos from the protest today (11/24/14)
Breadth class to take next Spring?
Any suggestions for local organizations to reach out to for Games of Berkeley's Charity Gift Wrap initiative?
Any good places beside the RSF to play basketball in Berkeley?
Prospective Berkeley Student
Big Game sucked, but student section was awesome
re: fuck the refs
28% Better Haircuts!
By Rule: Fuck the refs.
UC Berkeley Optometry: Official sponsors of Pac12 officiating
Some UC Occupiers on Ferguson and the State of Emergency
Is anyone ever surprised that Berkeley has academic programs that is on par with Stanford despite having 1/7th Stanford's endowments.
Streaming Links for Big Game
Free perks for your @berkeley.edu email address [X-post from /r/college]
Anyone got a stream for the Big Game today?
The Big Game is featured in Pearls Before Swine!
fire lettr
Can I use an umbrella at the Big Game?
Treefall (Skyfall beat Stanford Parody) - UC Men's Chorale
Stanfurd kids are so pretentious. GO BEARS!
A Letter of Fire from Egypt
Sports Statistics @ Berkeley
A LETTER OF FIRE FROM EGYPT
When should we start arriving to the gate of stadium tomorrow for big game?
A Letter of Fire From Egypt (To Occupiers of Berkeley &amp; Santa Cruz)
Cal bars in SF for Big Game?
I found this to be amusing
I found this to be amusing.
Gender-neutral bathrooms?
What are the rules regarding reusing a paper submitted to another class? Is it considered plagiarism?
Cal QB Jared Goff has gone from battered to bigger than life
T'was the night before Big Game
Cal merchandise for kids?
Does STAT 134 cover all probability portions of CS 70?
UC Berkeley students ignore Fox commentator waving ISIS flag but ATTACK him when he waves Israeli flag
Berkeley before the Big Game...beautiful
sci lab question
Not only is Ami Horowitz a moron for believing that he is making a point here, but he's also from USC
Cal basketball making some noise! Beat No. 23 Syracuse in Madison Square Garden
What does it take to become a GS trader?
Does anyone want to play Sm4sh Wii U with me tomorrow?
Big Game week
uc berklee campus roolz
Anyone take a Berkeley class online who isn't a UC student?
As it is Big Game Week- you know the Tilden Statue is a trophy for beating Stanford, right?
Mike Silver's Big Game pep talk: "BE the noise. There is you and your stadium, and the football team you love, and that connection it is unconditional and impermeable, and nothing else matters."
Demands from Occupy Wheeler
complit 171 ...
Progression of Wheeler sit in from 7pm to 4am
Where are my Berkeley ents?
Would anyone be willing to make a hackintosh partition on my computer for me?
Berkeley Student react to ISIS flag (Ami on the Street)
Occupy Wheeler against tuition hikes
clock cuesteionne
CS Internship in SoCal?
Okay /r/berkeley, who's the most disgusting person on your dorm floor?
This is probably going to be the most politically incorrect post...
Wondered why someone was waving the ISIS or Israel flags a few days ago?
UC tuition hike: Chaotic UCSF protest; ex-chancellor, 89, 'knocked down'
Question from an Alumni: what's that new hall they're building next to Soda Hall and what will it serve?
Fox news, everybody.
BREAKING: UC Regents passes tuition increase policy (x-post from /r/UCDavis)
I posted this last year prior to The Big Game and figured I'd post it again. Here is a list of every prank between Stanford and Cal over the past 100 years, as well as some historical facts of the rivalry. (r/CFB)
CS GPA Exceptions
Cal Football: Beat Stanfurd (hype video)
VIDEO: Chopping down the Stanford Tree in slow motion #BeatStanford
PSA: Student Tickets for Big Game for $41 from Cal
UC Regents Meeting Livestream - discussing tuition raises etc. (Wed 8:30a.m. - 3:45p.m.; Thurs. 8:30a.m. - 12p.m.)
Is there anyway you can talk to other COE advisors?
Putnam Porn
The Lonely Island returns to Berkeley High... wah? Awesome.
vimyannas
Getting non-students into Big Game?
LOST: Land Yachtz 36" long board, cruiser type w/ red wheels: left by Brewed Awakening on Northside this afternoon.
Questions about converting my bmail into a forwarding account as an alumni
Favorite food spots in Berkeley?
What kind of policies are implemented in Berkeley that make it such a progressive city?
EECS Gangsta
“Still no bonfire…” When Cal tricked Stanford into cancelling its own bonfire
Chonk - Dry Spell Blues (have you seen weird music video shot in Berkeley?)
Can someone tell me how to register for Pub Pol 101?
top secret / illegal research at uc berk
Tuition hikes at the University of California: A battle for UC's soul
Connecting to the "tech-scene" during summer school
Season tickets for Spring Transfers
Bears, I need your help.
Does anyone have/know someone who has/know who sold the one fish, two fish, red fish, fuck stanford shirt?
Campanile goes Game of Thrones tonight
Any demonstrations in Berkeley with respect to the upcoming Ferguson, MO verdict?
Anyone gone from a 4 year university to a CCC to a UC?
PSA: TeleBEARS Phase II Starts Today!
Film 108 (Animation) with Russell Merritt?
My Stats 134 professor gets it. It's Big Game week!
I'm So Berkeley - Music Video
day glow ban &amp; "time" machine
Here's 5 tasty vegan restaurants in Berkeley (plus one in Albany)
What's going on at Foothill?
looking for microsoft office 2010 installation file
grafeeti at uc berklee
This horrible human being is a UC Berkeley student
Where are the good mashed potatoes
Where can I find info on what's happening in Berkeley?
Students: What AP classes did you take in high school?
Any advice for an incoming Spring Admit?
What are y'all's least favorite part about walking to class?
Homeowners: Can you tell me about RECO?
Big Game Week 2014 Events
Stanford and CalTech Presidents plea for more state funding for UC
Stanford and Caltech Presidents make plea for UC funding
Berkeley: a history of disobedience - in pictures | US news from The Guardian
transfer student with question
Looking for advice for CS senior that don't have any job offer
Where can I find this glorious/horrible sweater?
Wrote my first Blog! College Life...
How to view and print out housing contract?
I'm about to fail all my classes. What can I do?
Teamsters Union opposes University of California plan to raise tuition 27% over the next five years
Looking for a quiet place to read aloud
Science Major College/University freshmen gamers - short survey
California Golden Bear Football
Make &gt;$300 this weekend!
Probably not much of a party...
BACKGROUND CHECKS - FUTURE GRAD student
Hi Bears! What kind of clubs and associations are there in Berkeley?
TIL that John Yoo, a UC Berkeley prof, helped develop the legal justification for the Bush administration's policy on surveillance by the NSA and "enhanced interrogation techniques".
Cal hasn't beaten USC since 2003. This was the locker room speech before that game. Let's hope we end the streak tonight. [Audio NSFW] [x-post /r/CFB]
Berkeley dropout here. I just opened my medical cannabis delivery service in the area, I hope you'll check it out!
What's going on with stats 20?
Transfer student with questions regarding classes
Meditation Class at Berkeley?
Ever experienced unfair testing conditions or unclear grading standards?
Potential transfer with some questions for current and graduated econ majors
Hey Berkeley Redditors, I am doing an article on the recent Bill Maher and UC Berkeley issue and need an interview. More details.
CGB summarizes Berkeley's latest campus development plans, includes some nice sketches.
[serious] why has the AirBears / AirBears2 connection become so slow?
Professors have the freedom to be complete jerks about midterms and there's nothing we can do about it.
Taco bell trip?
The Cal Chillers
Cal start up working on law and machine learning
What is dog English?
Econ 1 necessary for Econ 101A/B?
Does anyone know what time the Big Game is going to be played?
Guy waving large ISIS flag by Campanile at noon today?
Cal Grad student helps America's first Cat Café get started
Lost my student ID ... now looking for a bike
Humans of Berkeley
How important is statement of purpose for LSCS application?
Does somebody know good ESL evening courses? What do you think about UC Extension?
Man found dead at Zete
Computer Science in School of Engineering vs. School of Sciences
Games of Berkeley is looking for local game designers
Help with bus schedule tomorrow during Berkeley half-marathon.
Just saw Jason Segel at the restaurant Five in Berkeley!
Is UGBA196 only offered in the fall?
Berkeley Half Marathon Sunday - course map
Prospective student here. Questions about getting into school of engineering at Berkeley?
I'm going to fail major requirement. Help?
What are the percentage cutoffs for Math lower-divs (specifically Math 53/Math 54)? Are these classes curved to a B?
Berkeley Bureaucratic Bloat: Division of Equity and Inclusion "flourished from three people to more than 150 employees"
Letter alleges fraternity member drugged, sexually assaulted woman at Halloween party
Proposed Meetup for Fellow Bouldering and Climbing Friends
EECS &amp; CS student with low grade besides CS classes, did you have difficulty finding a job?
Rejected from English 143A (Creative Writing)?
Stephen Colbert interviews east bay area Congresswoman Barbara Lee
What's the best place to buy a plain white shirt and tan pants?
University Of California Proposes Tuition Hike For Next 5 Years--"UC President Janet Napolitano will present to the system's governing board a plan that calls for a tuition increase of as much as 5 percent each year for the next five years."
Cal to tighten academic standards for athletes
How many credits do you normaly do in a semester?
Cool photo
Does CBCB dispensary take credit card?
Why Berkeley passed a soda tax while other cities failed
Learn to code and create cool web applications / Berkeley part-time coding classes
Berkeley Ranked #4 Best Landscaped University
Measure S passes: Student District finally implemented! I directed the Berkeley Student District Campaign so feel free to ask any questions you may have!
Alumni here. Bmail just got disabled; what can I do to retrieve my emails and who do I contact?
Watch the 2014 Berkeley election results live!
Anyone know of a 2 bedroom apt for rent for $1400 for Dec?
Measure S election drama: Pavan-gate ASUC President is a liar with no back bone!
My Shitibike was STOLEN, keep an eye out, please!
Anyone in Berkeley like doing yoga? I just got a groupon for yogakula and if you use my referral link you get an extra 8$ off
New Whole Foods store wake up call for Andronico’s
Good taxi companies in Berkeley?
Question about Berkeley Language Course Credit Restrictions
Feel like procrastinating? Why not take my survey for Statistics Class?
INTRICATE Tutting in Berkeley UC Campus
Bill Maher's critics want power, not a more sensitive campus
Campanile Prank
Berkeley Co-Op Personalities/Environment
Is THEATER R1B really that easy?
Why is our football team so good this season?
Anyone taken Film &amp; Media 25A?
Please tell me this is satire.
Affordable Computer Repair by A+ Certified Tech: El Computadore (berkeley)
Berkeley to forgo "foreign campus" model for a global satellite campus in Richmond Bay.
How many more games do we need to win to qualify for a bowl game?
Seeking the Scoop: On Chem 1A Saykally
Student dies from fall last night (Halloween) :'(
Is there a place to study late Friday/Saturday on campus?
UCPD really needs to cut it out with the crackdowns
Planning on moving to Berkeley next year, need help with finding living arrangements.
new restaurant next to senore's pizza?
Mayor Tom Bates: No on Measure R
2 Ghost Ship! SF ticket available for tonight
Bill Maher responds to the online petition to have him uninvited as December Graduation keynote speaker.
Mental health counseling alternatives to Tang (that are SHIP friendly)?
Ultimate Frisbee @ Cal
CS L&amp;S switching to EECS?
Are AP credits considered pass no pass?
Waitlist for Econ101A even though there's room in the class?
How do we get into parties?
DeNero vs. Hilfinger Rap Battle
Amy Poehler loves us!
Berkeley Quidditch team?
Easy upper-div anthro/history class? Easy technical electives?
Feeling lonely on campus...
Dirks "looks forward to welcoming" Bill Maher despite student opposition
EE122 without Math 53/54?
Anyone here going to Ghost Ship at SF tomorrow?
UC Berkeley student group votes to disinvite Bill Maher; college overturns it
2415 College, 2659 Dwight Way
Anyone willing to send me their sample college app essays?
Change.org Petition: Do Not Withdraw Bill Maher's Invitation to Speak at the December 2014 Commencement
Giants just won. Who's going to the parade in SF on Friday?
Are there any functional event aggregation service as of now?
What can I do to get into UC Berkeley?
Place to repair glasses?
Hey r/ Berkeley! I'm doing a research paper on Reddit users and I need some people to interview. Can anyone help me out?
Aggressive Scamming Guy in Berkeley Area, Please Watch Out
Cheated on a test in Berkeley
BEWARE: Joshuya's Brasserie mistreats workers
getting into cs 61b
CS major declaration personal statement?
Pass/No Pass 2 classes in the same semester?
Get to Yosemite
Crash the DevFest in Mountain View - GDG Berkeley (Berkeley, CA)
In light of the recent debate about Bill Maher speaking at commencement and the subsequent questions about freedom of speech on Berkeley campus...
2014 U.S. News &amp; World Report Best Global Universities Rankings: #1 Harvard, #2 MIT, #3 Berkeley, #4 Stanford
Second meeting of the new SciFi/Fantasy Writers Club tomorrow from 2-3 at the Free Speech Cafe. We'll have a published author sharing!
International Student at University of Berkeley
UC Berkeley Student Intern Video
[UC Berkeley] Stuck on a tough problem set? Enjoy a free trial of InstaEDU live one-on-one online tutoring!
Hey r/Berkeley! Senior in high school here looking for some help!
What CS class do I need to take if I want to learn iris recognition?
[UC Berkeley] Students protest Bill Maher commencement speech
Halloween Haircut?
CalTV Comedy - The Heist
UC Berkeley Student Says Smelly stranger Groped Her As She Ate Lunch Outside Free Speech Cafe.
Missing Backpack (last seen in Soda)
Does Twillio provides limited free service to student developers?
Exchange student here; Is it better to live on campus or off it?
do you have info on the ee focused ee122? there arent any recent spring semester websites for it, just fall ones. syllabus, hw, projects, exams?
Interested in Startups? panel with founders
Looking for musicians to start something with
2811 Hillegass?
Things to do around Halloween
Any tips for CS61A?
Interested in participating in a psychology study for compensation?
EE122 with Wolisz
Procrastinating for midterms? Take this survey on app usage and adoption! (please &amp; thank you)
Anybody have a battery charger for a small motorcycle/moped battery I could borrow
Berkeley Singing Lessons
What (programming) language should I know for IEOR 131 (
E7 instead of CS61A for CS minor
Questions about Math 110
Thinking of attending UC Berkeley, heavily interested in pursuing Bitcoin-Crypto related majors, but have sub-par grades.
Need coils for your vape and to lazy or a beginner
Bay BitHack -- the first collegiate hackathon dedicated to Bitcoin THIS WEEKEND Nov. 1-2! [x-post r/bitcoin]
I need help getting over my regret
Campbell Hall is off to a great start
What are your thoughts on Bill Maher being selected as Cal's Fall 2014 graduation ceremony speaker?
What was the protest in front of California hall on Friday about?
"...the fact that the student body would not mind having Maher as a commencement speaker speaks volumes about the standards of the students. If Maher or another speaker says about Judaism what Maher says about Islam, students would be picketing the administration building..."
How much would it cost to live in Berkeley for 1 semester (around 4 months?)?
Stream of the Cal-Oregon Game
Got the Rooms app? Join the UC Berkeley room!
HELP!!!! How to pay back Stafford Loans and Federal Perkins Loans?
Does anyone cut or know someone that cuts hair for cheap?
Good restaurant to meet up with someone out of NorCal?
How to get started with therapy as a non-student?
Bars moving around/opening up
Death in June November show!! I know you martial industrial / neofolk people are out there somewhere...
AMA with BioE Professor Terry Johnson and grad students on Synthetic Biology/ iGEM Competition
Anybody hear a tire screech and a man scream very very loudly about 12 times on south side near people's park? Happened at 4:10am.
Problems with AirBears2?
Ways to make new friend in CS?
Bordel vs Luk Physics 7B?!?!?!?!
palantir puzzlehunt?
A homeless person sexually battered a girl after she gave him food and let him hug her
Interested in participating in a psychology study for $50?
Verily, the Time of Telebears is Upon Us
CS186 Spring 2015 enrollment: Ask Professor Joseph Hellerstein to help expand the class
Fantasy Basketball?
UC Parking tickets?
Question about AP courses
All upper divs CS are now reserved for CS and EECS only?
Several tickets to the Cal Vs Oregon Game on Friday 10/24/14 (Selling at half of what I bought them for.)
How can I get to 49ers stadium from berkeley for the game?
Question about transportation.
Livingsimple! A social trading platform made by Cal bears
anyone want to volunteer at the Jimmy Buffett concert tomorrow night at the greek?
anyone want to volunteer at the Jimmy Buffet concert tomorrow night at the greek?
Chem Major Phase I?
Fun classes to take in my last semester?
Two (2) Tickets Cal Berkeley Bears vs. Oregon Ducks 10/24 Levi's Stadium. $80/Pair. Row 1!
UC leaders consider limiting out-of-state enrollment
Hey guys, do you know any good classes related to urban planning?
Halloween
3-D Printing at Berkeley
CS 170, 186, 188. What should I phase I first?
Anyone know anything about working at the SLC?
Which classes do I put in Phase 1? MCB 102, PH 150A, PH 150E
What classes at Cal have been the most useful in the "real world?"
CalTime is coming to Berkeley soon! You can enter to win a $50 Amazon gift card by showing you know about CalTime!
Please donate and help support Cal Student diagnosed with Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (POTS) and small-fiber neuropathy
Acrobat Pro Berkeley license?
Astrophysics minor/major
Where can I buy some green vuvuzelas?
Going to Cal on exchange; good housing options?
Public Policy C103. What's goin on here?
What are some must-take classes for my last semester?
The boba struggles
Two (2) Tickets Cal Berkeley Bears vs. Oregon Ducks Friday 10/24 7PM Levi's Stadium
China visa service recommendations?
Statistics course in the Spring? Lessgo Bears!!
Which math class teaches about completeness?
looking for a good singer who likes to perform- paid
[Chillwave] Anyone going to Tycho concert in Oakland on the 30th?
Upper div math and chem
College graduates living in Berkeley, how do you meet new people and have fun?
RSF Lower Rec Area
Does anyone know what happened to cause the flooding this morning?
Choosing between upper division Physics electives?
interested in product design/ux - where do I start
5 More Sexual Assaults Due To Date Rape Drug Reported At UC Berkeley Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity; 9 Incidents Reported Around Campus In A Month - CBS San Francisco
So did anybody go to the Shakedown Street Festival?
apple tv and airbears2
refs, UCLA's real mvp
The Queerness and Games Conference-- Oct 25/26, UC Berkeley. www.qgcon.com
New app to help everyone on the Berkeley campus chat and private message each other.
Math 191 in the spring?
follow the ASUC SUPERB Spotify playlist to help us win $$$ for more entertainment events for cal! competition ends in 12 hours, we are 50 people behind 1st place!! #BeatUNC
How do I meet more people/friends? What worked for you?
How does Berkeley view upward trend?
Llamas
Good Bar near campus for group of unknown size?
Are Private Parking Tickets in Berkeley legal and enforceable?
Airbears2 for Nintendo 3DS
Fraternity rape suspect found to be "factually innocent" by Alameda County DA.
CS Minor
Need a place to buy cheap sunglasses and tie dye shirts
Question for EECS people.
Questions about taking Math 1A
Freshman EECS seeking REU
Claim your free $25.00 credits from Lyft, a rideshare company! Get a free ride, save money on gas!
Berkeley could win a private DJ set from Snoop Dogg!
Let me introduce you to my scumbag classmate...
In town Saturday night, need a fun place to stay.
History majors: writing your senior thesis in your Junior Year
Is it possible to have your lab PI as your class professor?
Is it too late to join an intramural team as a free agent?
Berekley could win a private DJ set from Snoop Dogg!
Papadimitrou CS 170 Difficulty
Berkeley 2014 election hub: What you need to know
Advice on how to get an extra semester.
Hip-Hop/Rap Enthusiast Club?
Any comics-related classes planned for Spring 2015?
Fun classes to sit in
What happens between the start of the semester and the start of instruction?
How is Rhetoric R1B?
[CS]: What's up with EE16A?
Upper division physics curve?
College of Engineering science elective
Best Small Library?
New Creative Writing Club starting at Berkeley. First meeting is 10/22 at the Free Speech Cafe from 2-3.
Sociology 3AC vs. Music 26AC vs. ESPM 50AC
What are some cool courses that also fulfill breadths?
Selling an extra 2-day GA pass to treasure island this weekend
Surveillance Camera Man comes to Berkeley
How bad is a W
Anyway to rent a Powerpoint remote for a student?
Students! Get a free .me domain name from namecheap and then go to jDRepo.com to get free SSD Hosting! Start a blog, portfolio or a forum :)
Does anyone know the url for the website that shows class registrations by phase?
Time Magazine: How Berkeley Led the Way on Indigenous Peoples Day
10 College Towns We'd Actually Want to Visit as Adults
Agree or disagree, here's some of the public health research behind taxes on sugar sweetened beverages
Got a wild turkey problem? Get in touch.
Switching to Architecture?
My class webcasts only some of the lectures. I just realized this while studying for the midterm.
Hello all! CalCentral now has a new feature that will let you populate your Calendar with your class schedule!
Opportunity for Undergraduate Engineers
Questions on friends and life at Cal
Some girl found a roach in her dish while dining at Great China
Pickup softball?
I hate it at cal and would like to make new friends
The most important political video you will see this election
38F finding it difficult to socialize
My class webcasts only some of the lectures. I just realized this while studying for the midterm.
My class webcasts only some of the lectures. I just realized this while studying for the midterm.
Swimming recruit Andrew Seliskar verbally commits to Cal!
Any good places to watch the airshow?
61c tutor
Embrace Assad But Boycott Israel? | 'Anthropologists from prominent schools have signed call to boycott. Are they motivated by a desire to advance human rights and social justice?'
Alternative currency startup CampusCoin offering $30 worth of stuff for new users.
Football ticket for friend who doesn't go to Cal
Hey Transfers! Where are you all living?
Those are the Bears I know!
Where can I stream Cal v. UW game?
Cal vs. Oregon ticket prices lowered via Groupon
Princeton Review: Berkeley Law students have 2nd best career prospects in the nation
Why it’s important to vote on Measure S--the student district measure.
Op-Ed: If passed, Measure R would make Berkeley "more expensive, more car-dependent, and more polluted" — vote NO on November 4
Soda companies are spending $1,675,000 to keep Berkeley residents from passing a $0.01 per ounce soda tax
Registered to vote? Here's where to find your polling place
Al Jazeera asked UC Berkeley students about the upcoming election. Cal students said…
What the hell is that awful smell on University and Milvia?
Best places to toke up
Astronomy C10
Hugh Williams, at 101 years old, becomes oldest graduate of Haas School of Business
NYT: 36 Hours in Berkeley
UC Berkeley Students: We Want Your Feedback
SkillSesh is recruiting students to tutor for pay!
Does coffee make you smarter?
Bears Predicted to Actually Win over Washington!
Journalism student's quote about diversity and "If there's one thing we don't want in journalism, it's more white, privileged reporters"
Transferring to Cal this Spring. Need friends!
Why is Berkeley CS ranked so high?
72-year-old Oakland woman stabbed in the neck during attempted carjacking in Berkeley last month died Wednesday
72-year-old Oakland woman stabbed in the neck during attempted carjacking in Berkeley last month Wednesday Nancy Jo McClellan, who died Wednesday morning
Food Recommendations Megathread
What do you guys think about Film 50 with Carpenter?
Question about grade
20-year-old Delta Upsilon fraternity member at UC Berkeley was charged with rape by use of drugs this week following a horrific weekend during which three separate sexual assaults were reported at fraternities. No one has been charged in connection to the other two assaults.
Anyone Taking Zook's class? Poli Sci 149E?
Pass/No Passing Chem 3BL
Renting a car outside Berkeley as a student
goal: (non-carby) lunch for $5 or less
36 Hours in Berkeley, California.
Berkeley Bro Charged With Rape After Assault-Filled Weekend at UC Frats
Going to SFO Friday AM?
You're Old Pal Charles Shaw Will Come in Handy When CalTV Comedy's Latest Video Reveals Just How Uncultured You Really Are
EE 20/40
Berkeleyside Op-ed: How Big Soda tried to buy my political soul
I am, perhaps, going insane after midterms. Did any one else hear a boom last night?
Anyone taken UGBA 155 (leadership) in the past?
How hard is it to become a CalSO leader?
Where to buy scooters???
Cell phone reception in Soda
Chicano student group reels from racist email from Sachi Landscape
So I want to transfer to Haas from a CCC. Have any of you done this? Any advice?
TIL Cal's football team went undefeated in 1920 and outscored its opponents 510-14
New Surveillance Video Shows Woman Slamming Elderly Woman To Ground In Berkeley
Stat 2 vs. Public Health 142
Follow SUPERB's spotify playlist! If we win, there will be more funding for us to bring you bigger events! Imagine a Zedd/Disclosure/Arctic Monkeys/Local Natives concert.. IT'S POSSIBLE! [We gotta beat UCLA and UNC Chapel Hill]
Berkeley Police Seeking Community's Help to Identify Suspect in Felony Assault
Who has some class suggestions for Spring 2015?
Are there more event like Cal Hack?
Chemical Engineer
Tailgating question for visiting fans
No company have contacted me yet after handing 20 resumes in EECS career fair, should I be worried?
Yes on D Meme Mashup
Grad Courses as an Undergrad
Question about parties and social lives.
The Hypocrisy of this place.
CS170 with Rao
For those who missed it last night: Cal-WSU final plays and celebration
The most important rankings still give us the cold shoulder
King in the North
The only correct response URL to your friends from Stanford, USC, Oregon, or UCLA.
"cal’s jared goff and wazzu’s connor halliday passed for a combined 0.71 miles"
#1 in the North
My name is Quentin Breshears, legendary kicker from Washington State. AMA.
Alone in first place!
Enjoy it!
HELL YES
Where can I stream the Cal-Washington State game?
As of this moment, Cal football has a better overall record than Stanford.
Buying big game ticket
Who do I talk to about getting keycards for Soda/Cory?
Do fall semester units count toward your standing for spring semester registration?
Where is a good place to buy motorcycle gear around Berkeley?
3 Sexual Assaults Reported last Saturday. Student Eugene Quillin of Delta Upsilon arrested on one of the charges.
Former Cal football player held in BART station agent cast attack
Question about exam score and grade
Math 16B Before Econ 100a?
Constant ambulance sirens at night on South side of campus
Where to post job ads?
Why were armed US Marshals walking around Sproul?
As of this week, Berkeley minimum wage is now $10/hour ($11 in 2015, $12.53 in 2016).
Spring 2015 Schedule is Up!
Feed a squirrel, go to jail.
Are there seasonal trends in hiring for jobs?
Physics 216: Special topic in quantum many-body physics
EECS vs. CS @ Berkeley
Anyone know if I can sneak in my friend from UCLA to Cal Hacks?
So... Uh... Cal is currently tied for first place in the Pac 12 north...
After you accept a software job offer does you employer ask for your transcript for verification?
Creative Marketing Job in SF: MavSocial
CS170 HW
Does anyone know where I can get Cal Helmet for this year?
Racist response to a club on the UCB campus
Does a No Pass Hurt For Job Prospects?
When do students generally start applying for software engineering jobs?
Literally in physical distress from heat(short breath, nausea, zero focus...etc) . Fellow bears, can I have some extreme heat survival tips?
Cal vs. Oregon Game
Traveler, all I want is a bath.
LPT:Want free printing
Have any of you guys slept on campus?
Berkeley social problems help.
Dropping class after deadline
Hey there. My name is Frank. Anyone down to watch the last showing of Frank at Shattuck tomorrow night?
Siren just before 12 today? What was it?
GRE subject standby testing?
Give me your worst Roommate stories
Brown vetoes UC, CSU financial boost bill
Green Tea Focus Giveaway (YAY free stuff!)
Following the 50th Anniversary of the Free Speech Movement rally, UC students, workers, and community members of the Cal Progressive Coalition (CPC) led a surprise march and sit-in at Capital Projects, the real estate arm of the University of California that is actively privatizing public resources.
Green Tea Focus Giveaway with free shipping!
Berkeley Grad Student Housing Questions
A response from a local landscaping firm to one of our student organizations. Disgusting
Chance me? Bio Eng. Transfer.
Stumbled upon a new iOS app STRICTLY for Cal students. The central location to discover and discuss activities, events,and topics.
Share your nightmare project partner stories.
Has anyone seen a lost Siberian Husky today?
First learn to code academy in Downtown Berkeley, class start next week, couple spots left
New sex rules for California college students are long overdue
Anyone Taking Psych 1/ Taken Psych 1?
Visiting PhD student - tips on finding a place to stay?
Is anyone else having issues switching from their regular @gmail email to their @berkeley email?
Rescomp question?
Great salad near the campus?
Parking spots for sale on/near frat row?
developing 35 mm film near campus?
Poe &amp; CTZN - Homegrown Berkeley hip hop. I make the beats. Our debut EP 'Debt' is now in the Staff Picks at Amoeba Music on Telegraph.
If you're tired of the Berkeley bar scene, a group of us have been hanging out in Oakland on Thursdays
CS70 tutor
This is VERY annoying to us recent graduates
Where to print stuff?
TIL that Wejoinin is created by students from Cal. Berkeley CS students at their finest.
Study spot at Soda at the weekend
Looking to buy some coffee beans
Where do you guys usually host your websites (dynamic)?
#2 in the north!
Affording UC Berkeley
The energy inside Memorial Stadium was absolutely incredible today!
Dropping Class After Deadline
Grocery Outlet Closing to Make Way for Condos
Looking for someone / people in the Bay Area to work through theodinproject with.
So Berkeley: Measure D, Berkeley Soda Tax
How do I make more friends?...that actually like hanging out?
Any Cal alums in SF interested in sales?
Who's taking the WW2 class, American Studies 101AC, with Dr. Michael Cohen? I need help!
What to do around campus?
SOS pls what are some 3 or 4 unit classes I can still add?
Is anybody else getting friended by this guy named "Sanjay Patel"?
Where are the online research databases?
Surfers at Berkeley, where are some good beaches I can get to without a car? (via BART, bus, etc.)
Cheapest place for MMJ recommendation?
Awesome article about our fellow students who are running Tivoli's.
EECS students how many side projects do you have on your resume?
Berkeley singing lessons
Berkeley math grading?
Any 2 unit P/NP seminars that I can still add? Much appreciated.
Berkeley, A Look Back: UC poised to acquire Telegraph Avenue property (1939)
[New Students] Free $10 Amazon Prime for Students [9/25]
Election Ballot Measures: R seeks to reduce hours for bars downtown. WTF?
Cal Football vs CU game day tickets?
Does the Southeast Asian Society Against Affirmative Action accept white members?
Cal Football Senior Portrait: Thomas Decoud (x-post from /r/funny)
Failling a one unit P/NP
Airbears2 on Arch Linux?
Where do you stand on divestment from Israeli institutions? Should the ASUC support, oppose, or stay uninvolved in the issue?
anyone taken 20+ units before?
Anyone want to Nerd Out and play with some Audio/Visual/VJ-type toys(Quartz Composer, Processing, Kinect, OpenCV, Arduino, Raspberry Pi, something from Make Magazine)?
What's a super easy American Cultures Class I can take?
Minimum wage question
Op-ed by a veteran of the Free Speech Movement--"The same forces that tried to shut us up in the 1960s have a more chilling form of control over U.S. college students today than they ever had over us. Today, it’s not police control; it’s economic control."
Lower than the 13 unit limit?
How to deal with Econ 140?
Just graduated. How do I pay my loans?
Discussion: how to deal with my girlfriend's teasing (just kidding)
Bike Theft Next to the RSF
What's the policy on recording lectures?
Best unique places in the area for food?
AB 2188 – California Law to Mandate Streamlined Solar Permitting
Finding internships in other parts of the state/nation?
Launched a custom digital currency just for Berkeley Students
UC Berkeley's Biggest Troll
Center and Shattuck Jay-walking AND Red-Light on Bike Crackdown
Can you P/NP Upper-Div Major Electives?
85c Bakery and Cafe (home of delicious Tarot Buns) may be coming to Berkeley
Free &amp; For Sale Blues
Any 4-Unit Classes I can still add?
Chem 1A Midterm tomorrow, any tips/stories/experiences?
TIL Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba and China's richest man, has a son at Berkeley
Just got utterly destroyed by a CS exam...
Where can I park?
Should I stay in Math 1A, or switch to 16A?
If you have Direct TV, your gonna have a bad time...
Because the Hayward fault will probably wreck shit soon
Where to find Tim Tams?
Just went to late night at crossroads to power through a very late night study session, and...
How is the counseling service at tang?
Best water on campus?
Take the UC Berkeley Half of Us Pledge!
Anyone give banjo lessons?
Can you join clubs in spring?
Classical guitar player looking for other classical guitar players to play classical guitar
Anyone looking to sell their road bike?
Bears, is this the right college for me?
Oh Noes
graduated, but haven't heard from loans(subsidized and unsubsidized)
Seriously Cal?
stream for cal football game
Hello Berkeley. Thank you for being awesome
Lost my Samsung Note 3 :(
Will edit your resume/cover letter/personal statements/papers for food.
Logging into bCourses without a CalNet ID
What's a good way to meet people? (more in-depth in description)
Anyone know how to send emails through gmail with the berkeley email?
Story behind this memorial bench near the Lawrence hall of science?
Found cool job internship at Zappos if anyone is interested...
New Grad In Twon
Easy physical breadth (going to P/NP)
looking to buy an AC transit sticker
Considering transferring to CED from L&amp;S in my third semester - looking for opinions
Documentary on Bipolar Disorder in America...lets put it on the radar!
Berkeley vs. Big Soda mini-film fest at Westbrae Biergarten tomorrow at 6 pm
Anyone else's myfinaid not working?
Where to get a bike?
Least Crowded Pool
Want to get into CS Grad School? Don't overthink your GPA!
Everyone clearing out of VLSB? Cops showing up? 11:40am
Place to get decent photos for free/cheap?
Is Physics 111 content relevant to careers related to physics.
Anyone know a trustworthy reliable computer repair shop in Berkeley?
Question about walking at commencement before finishing a class
Where can I find elderberries in Berkeley?
Appropriate attire for cal career fairs?
do y'all enjoy this site? current and former UC Berkeley students?
Anyone have the scoop on the campus-wide Adobe Acrobat XI outage?
Security Monitor Mandatory Info Session for Applicants
How Cal Students Listen to Spotify
Dan Garcia, CS10 instructor, featured in Code.org video: "Why top universities teach drag and drop programming"
How do I become a TA as an undergrad.
Psych experiment compensation
Quick! Does anybody know the heating instructions for cooking a half-baked pizza from Sliver?
Learn Web Development Via Free Online Study Groups
@Cal Ski and Snowboard Club: anything going on in the fall?
J-school students
People who got an A- or above on cs61a, how did you study for the tests?
What should a Freshman applying for a research position's resume look like?
Colds!
BuddyUp, a new mobile app for Cal students to better connect with friends on campus.
Daanng, campus graduate school of journalism may raise costs by more than $10,000
Anyone want to trade Lorde concert tickets?
TIL the polygraph was invented in 1921 by a Cal student
UCPD has 10x more M16s than the next highest college campus in CA
Bus Routes
Parking as a non-resident/student
Anyone know where the Oct. 9 law school fair is going to be?
Not sure if this is a place to ask, but...
So I just got a meal plan...
Looking for a job
Carpool to Beyond Wonderland
Concerts in the Quad?
Looking for tabletop gaming / model-making groups on campus
Where can I buy cheap pipecleaners? Recommend any crafts shop/ dollar store/ etc?
Best way to get to Shoreline Amphitheatre?
Where can I use a printer before 9 am tomorrow?
I like Chief Keef and Kanye West and Virgil Abloh and Future and Raury and TNGHT and Big Sean, does anyone else like dope shit? Am I the only one?
urgg... is my roommate hitting on me?
Want to get glasses--Have SHIP.
Found a key to a Vespa today on northside
What is something you are involved in that makes you genuinely excited to do?
piggyback question - what about *intellectual life* at Cal?
"Hook-up culture" at Cal
Freshman query: picking a major - for love or for money?
Jobs after graduation.... Ahhhhh
Nerds x memes: a linguistic explains Doge
Confession: I wish I'd gotten into Stanford and gone there instead... Anyone else feel the same?
How much sex are UCB students having?
Anyone know of a vegetable garden with rentable space?
Wait, I've seen this Genetics question somewhere else...
Free Amazon Prime for Students for 6 months
Does bear market have any decently high protein items?
A little fun take on the UCs by the Fung Bros...Decent, standard advice at the end for freshmen
How early should we be for a Concert at the Greek theater?
cs 61a w/ experience
From the folks at the Heuristic Squelch.
Where to watch the Mayweather vs Maidana fight?
Looking for a large smooth flat area to skate
Alumni: What are you up to?
Minor In Possession Infraction?!
Does anyone know what's going on near Trader Joe's on University?
Why does Cal have so many asian clubs when asians are the biggest group? Why aren't there any white clubs?
When does UCB update their class schedule online?
feeling down?
Can anyone send me the syllabus for Introduction to the Study of Buddhism?
Daily Cal's Weekender: Two sperm walk into a bar
Not Luniz, shout out to Oakland Luniz I Got 5 On It, but DJ LUNICE from Montreal free on campus. Don't get busted by the campus cops!
Hitler tries to buy a house in Berkeley.
Norwegian guy seeking activity partner
UC Berkeley anthro alumnus project. mental illness
Anyone else unhappy with academic life here?
Good bars walking distance from campus?
Credit card recommendations?
drop deadline really early this year?
Peking Express closing to open a two-story Pool Hall.
Who is the weird guy in front of Sather Gate?
Sophomore feeling disconnected from campus....suggestions?
Looking for a 4 unit class that is still possible to add?
Did You See This “Walking While Black “ Arrests by Berkeley Police of Two UC Berkeley Students on May 2, 2014? We are seeking witnesses. Please Contact Us at WeCopwatch@gmail.com or 510-328-3803
Learn to code in Berkeley, like the city :P
Bike theft in broad daylight in front of Walgreens on busy Telegraph ave.
Applying to UC Berkeley..
Stanford kid comes to the party
Robert Reich column on Berkeley vs. Big Soda
is bmail down for anyone else?
Are you a UC staff member? Come get your own personal flair!
Capping the Well
House shows in Berkeley?
A few Berkeley High students are trying to get a 5-foot Tesla coil in their science department
I just got offers from the Disabled Student Note-Taker Program for math/physics, can anybody give me advice on what it's like? How much do they pay?
Robert Reich on US News rankings
Car key found near Walnut &amp; Hearst
Where can I find standing desks on campus?
Too late to join cs61a?
Why is Manhattan Grill closing?
Berkeley ranked #1 public university by US News for the 17th straight year.
13 Unit Requirement
Federal Parent Plus Loan taking *really* long to kick in....?
Duplicating Keys
Press Release – Berkeley Faculty Association Supports Call for UC Divestment - [X-post from /r/divestment]
Where can I put my car long term in Berkeley?
**LOST: ID, CREDIT CARD, AND LICENSE**
EE20 advice?
What's up with the people selling CDs on Telegraph and Shattuck?
Is SliceShip a scam?
How Blacks &amp; Hispanics have fared since the affirmative action ban
I'm a TA this semester, is there a preferred office-hour sign-up sheet app?
Time-lapse video of the construction of Soda Hall (headphone users beware)
Backpack stolen from me in broad daylight, be wary of your belongings
Adding DeCal through Telebears
Dear Cal please get rid of the incredibly annoying student emcee guys at the football games TIA.
Weekend jobs
Community College Student wants your opinion
Summer Grade Not Up Yet
Hey guys, i wanna make a stop in berkeley if this is funded!PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD. GOO BEARS!!!
Police Beat Woman on Telegraph as People Prepare for March Against Repression
found in Berkeley.
Cal scores another win by defeating Sacramento State 55-14.
Kenny Lawler's one hand grab for a touchdown
People in Poly Sci 179
Dik-dik :(
Maybe in an alternate universe, right?
Any good cheap kickboxing places around Berkeley?
Dropped from class by instructor? Options?
James Grisom leaves Cal football after losing scholarship and having to pay back $11000 to financial aid due to administrative error
VIP line for student athletes at the Cal Student Store.
How is Superb closing off Memorial Glade for A$AP Ferg?
The question that really needs answering: what's the best place to take a shit on campus?
(repost) Calling all Berkeley metalheads
Like free wings and football?
Anyone here in Astro c12?
Is anyone else in Berkeley taking the Level 1 CFA exam in December?
Question for applications
Transfer to UC from Community College in 1 year?
Interested in helping create a fraternity on campus?
WHAT IS HAPPENING OUTSIDE OF UNIT 2
Target mini-store is going in at the old Walgreens location at Shattuck &amp; Allston
Anyone taken ESPM 6 in the past?
PSA: AC Transit Bus Pass Expires TODAY. Get your new one soon at the Cal1Card Office!
Need an AC Transit bus pass
Pre-game on game day?
Measure D
Site/Place to buy used laptop?
How to Verify Graduation?
Ended up getting stuck with SHIP. How do I take advantage of it?
Found a Book in Bus. CLAIM IT :)
Cal Parkour Free Strength, Conditioning, and Training class this Friday 6pm. Doe Library
Researchers reel from defunding of only UC-owned observatory
Marshawn Lynch just dropped a limited edition collection of Beastmode and Cal gear
Need the political economy reader by Steven Vogel ASAP.
Fire alarm at International House?
How early in advance should I apply to a co-op?
Clark Kerr: Knowledge Industry
Retaking P/NP course out of interest?
Rejected from CS160 as #10 on the waitlist with 59 open seats and 205 on the waitlist
Rejected from CS160 as #10 on the waitlist with 59 open seats
Interesting classes (with field trips) to take before I graduate?
EPS 109 workload?
'05 Alum - Visiting Berkeley for work. Can I connect to the campus wireless to work while I wait for my meeting? If so, how and where? Thanks!
Rushing Fraternities
Anyone in the Masters in Landscape Architecture (MLA) program? Thoughts on the program?
Golden Gate Bridge timelapse from the ALS
Research prep course for physics, astro, EPS majors
Renters' rights in Berkeley?
Anyone have experience with SAP appeals?
Cal Football: Northwestern Sights and Sounds
rush
Cal football mailbag. What do you want to know about the Bears?
"if this is a firm, and if the Board of Regents are the Board of Directors, and if President Kerr in fact is the manager, then I tell you something the faculty are a bunch of employees and we're the raw material!...
Subletter looking for parking spot on Northside
Ever thought about being a radio DJ?
Incoming Students and the Art of Tipping
Placed waitlist number 1 in 32-students discussion, what are my chances?
SHIP Waiver Status + Loan Dispersal?
PSA: Plainclothes police officers sweeping Piedmont Avenue area last night
Path to becoming TA for EECS?
Iron and ironing board
Berkeley A Cappella
Does anyone here have used/electronic copies of these textbooks available (Chem 4A, History 7A, CBE 40)
Place to get help learning to more effectively read scholarly articles?
These are the things you do when you win your first football game in 358 days.
Sick and tired of roommate's bullshit...switching possibilities?
Durable sandals??
[XPOST Oakland] Help: Hit and Run 580 and harrison: possible drunk driver
If you need your place cleaned
Has anyone been approached by a heavyset latino man (mid 30's?) asking for directions/weed before?
What's the music currently playing at the Campanile 6:30?
Cal Beats Northwestern 31-24 in Season Opening Game
Has anyone been charged with a "Minor in Possession" infraction? Freaking out here.
Developing films for waterproof camera?
What are some good bars near campus where I could catch the A's/Angel's game?
Are there any comic book clubs/organizations?
Free Speech
Robert Hass, Pulitzer Prize-winning UC Berkeley professor receives prestigious award. They will rename change Haas Pavilion to Hass Pavilion in rode to commemerate our school's gem.
Where to party?
Chances of being accepted?
I'm a new GSI - I want to know how do you REALLY like the bCourse site?
Does anyone know any casual/active art clubs on campus?
Any frat parties tonight?
FREE outdoor screening of BACK TO THE FUTURE and PITCH PERFECT tonight, Memorial Glade, 8:30 pm
Anybody doing anything tonight?
Anyone know about any cheap all-you-can-eat korean BBQ places in the area?
Selling my young alumni Sac State ticket!!
Will changing sections for a class I'm waitlisted for move me to the end of the waitlist?
When I Found Out That All My Classes are on bCourses
What used to be Lower Sproul
Should I take Physics 7A or 7B as a freshman? Should I drop Anthro 3AC?
Private rooms for studying?
looking for a lifting partner.
The Free Speech Movement Re-Re-Visited
Any other physics transfers in Martinez Commons?
Can I take MCB 102 before Chem 3B?
One faculty member's advice for 3rd years in science and engineering.
ROTC and frats, possible?
Ninja Courses mentioned in a front page article in The New York Times
What is Physics 111 like?
Is Math 1B, Math 54, CS 61C doable?
Should I drop Math 54 or EE20 if I take Math 1B concurrently?
Fall Fraternity rush? What is it like?
The worst of welcome week
Berkeley alumnus' letter getting attention on /r/CFB
Jack Johnson at the Berkeley Greek Theater: People Are ‘Better Together’
Do law schools count grades received from a pass/no pass decal course as C's?
Do you guys know any CC that offers online version of Math 1B?
Spotted on Sather Gate
Chu Psi reputation?
Can we bring bikes into buildings?
I need 2 units that aren't a decal/independent study. Help!
Accessing berkeley.edu from other email as pop3
Half my classes are on bspace. Half are on bcourses. Can't wait for the bspace shutdown.
Creepy places?
One faculty member's advice for 2nd years in science and engineering.
[Meetup] The Telegraph, Thurs 28 August 7:30pm (xpost /r/oakland)
Just graduated and missing my access to electronic journals. Do you guys have any suggestions as to how I might access these scholarly services?
Lightweight rowing?
Getting involved with cars and motorcycles as a student?
Children in California’s foster care system are prescribed unproven, risky medications at alarming rates
One faculty member's advice for 1st years in science and engineering.
Will LMI be fast enough for 3 online gamers and a streamer?
Cleaning services in Berkeley?
Fall 2011 CS61C coursework
The Queerness and Games Undergraduate Design Workshop
Parking for a week
Watch where you park at MacArthur Bart
Free loveseat and recliner!
North side Berkeley groceries?
UC Berkeley System Gave Early Warning of South Napa Earthquake (x-post r/bayarea)
Do you get blocked from using Callisto if you haven't paid your tuition yet?
Do I need ID for Caltopia?
A Guide for Incoming CS/EECS Freshman
Ways for beginner to get started with dancing?
Questions about dorm
How was Caltopia?
Do I have to go to section on Mondays? Math 54 Nadler
It always went right for Jared Goff — then last season with Cal football happened.
It always went right for Jared Goff. Then last season with Cal football happened.
Pickup ultimate frisbee games on campus?
Showing some Cal pride in Seattle. Go bears!
How to make college more enjoyable?
Seismogram from Haviland Hall sensor
What to do during an earthquake
that was a pretty big fucking earthquake
Are there any secret societies on at Cal?
Casual Soccer Games?
Anything happening on or near campus this weekend?
Queerness and Games Undergraduate Design Workshop
[PAID] Internship for Autumn Semester with luxury consumer goods startup in Berkeley
What's a reasonable monthly rent for a 1BR in North Berkeley?
Dropping a class to take up a job. Don't need money but want experience. Good or bad idea?
League of Legends NA LCS Playoffs Viewing
Best place to buy alcohol near campus?
How you sneak in the Mini Fridge and Microwave?
Wada move in date
Apartment cancelled out on me
YSK about Berkeley Connect, a new program to provide a more intimate undergraduate experience for Berkeley Students.
Volunteering opportunities in Berkeley
Art majors - Do you have access to a screenprinting light on campus?
The Play gets animated as a comic book
Practice Caution around Strangers in Dire Straits
volunteer at the Dave Matthews Band concerts all weekend at the Greek!
[PSA] Free Amazon Prime for college students
Purchased a nonresident meal plan. When do the points show up on my Cal1Card?
Night time parking Downtown Berkeley
Anyone familiar with CalHacks?
Does Berkeley give credit for AP credits as exemptions from introductory courses.
Does Berkeley have a drum major?
Any females interested in a triple suite in Unit 1?
RUSH SIGMA CHI
Run the ANIMAL HOUSE HASH Aug. 31, 1:00 PM
Best time to go to the RSF?
Quick FYI: The Sunil Dutta that caused an uproar because of his column on police brutality...
I have to take CS 61B concurrently with either Math 53 or Math 54. Which one has the most overlap with 61B?
Infamous Cal Alumnus and a former star of American Idol, Wiliam Hung, Gets Married
Need a Goalkeeper
Is there a mailing list that gives notifications for all of the guest lectures/colloquiums/cool things happening on campus?
We're Number 1!
On Campus Marketing Intern Associate - UC Berkeley (2014/15 School Year)
Looking to purchase used Math 54 Textbook!!!
Berkeley in the 1950s, before Strawberry Creek was dammed off.
Question about the Cal alumni social network
Anyone else catch Jeopardy tonight and laugh at Melia like I did?
How hard is it to play tennis at Berkeley?
Berkeley: Woman sexually assaulted in People's Park, police say
Hilirious One Woman Show In Berkeley: Date Night at Pet Emergency
Need help forwarding old and new emails from bmail to a gmail account
Shared double in a massive 2 bedroom apartment!
CS 70, Math 54, CS 61A, Classic R44 manageable?
When do most students return from winter break?
My financial aid just disappeared and I'm kind of freaking out, any advice?
My financial aid just disappeared on me and I'm freaking out, any advice?
Film location scouting: ugly service windows!
Anyone going to CalHacks and needs a team?
Anybody dreading going to back to Berkeley?
How to deal with full waitlists?
Waitlist chances for English 104?
Moving in this week - places to buy bedroom furniture that would deliver?
This Looks Awfully Similar..
Any Move-in Weekend tips for incoming undergrads?
Grading/Curving for Berkeley CS Course (Specifically, CS70)
One quick tip for incoming freshmen...
Has anyone here taken Math 55?
Refund from Financial Aid
The Price of Blackness (Short article written by a Berkeley alumni on race and law enforcement)
Free or cheap event spaces in Berkeley?
Anyone looking to sell or just get rid of some stuff.
Insurance for property in a private room rental?
Berkeley drivers are the worst
Parking during move-in day at Foothills
Who is the guy who sits (sleeps) on that chair in the entrance to the RSF?
Anybody know what searching for Berkeley housing after Sep. 1 looks like?
Good Place to Cry in Berkeley
This sculpture in Ireland looks familiar...
French, or other language, at Cal?
Best thrift shops/bookstores/knick-knack stores in Berkeley?
what can you do to homeless people on your property?
How do you navigate the monstrosity that is Bay Area housing??
Violence prevention workshop
Berkeley Police corral protesters and hit man with baton - 20140815
Are you good with writing math proofs?
Which is a more popular discussion timing? Wednesday 2-3 PM or Thursday 10-11AM?
Where to get sashimi grade fish?
Demonstration currently going on on Telegraph and Parker; dozens of police cars, cops in riot gear everywhere; be careful everyone
What happens if you pay your CARS Bill late?
Best Espresso near campus?
Anyone taken Info 225? Verdict?
Billiards bar Thalassa to close next month - The Daily Californian
Ashby Ave will be closed to all traffic from 10 p.m. Monday, Aug. 18, to 5 a.m. Tuesday, Aug. 19.
I just finished a summer class. Is it possible to pick up my certificate of completion in person or do I really need to wait for it to be mailed?
Thoughts on CS and physics (astrophysics) majors?
volunteer at the Counting Crows concert TONIGHT at the Greek!
Anyone successfully obtained student discount from Verizon?
Cal Grant award money has not released and I still owe money on my CARS bill for this semester
Is Sigma Alpha Pi worth joining?
Do I need to bring Green Card and Social Security Card?
Transfer into Letter&amp;Science from CNR?
Cal Bars in San Diego?
I just graduated in the Spring '14. When will I receive my diploma?
Gaming on Berkeley?
Man dies after falling ill at Ashby BART in Berkeley
Safety deposit box?
How much will this hurt admissions chances?
Is it too late for work study?
Financial Aid Verification
PSA: Be careful with your electronics!
Would you, international student at Berkeley, come back to your home country for career opportunities? Why?
Open libraries for non-Berkeley students
Math 54, EE20, CS 61C doable without Math 1B?
Looking for a good sports bar/grill to watch college football
Most noobish question ever - when do class actually start??
Best clubs to join
How do I even get in touch with Cal Student Central during this time of year?
Social Media Survey, super simple, &lt;5 mins, would be a huge help for a fellow college student
N64 Super Smash Bros
Alumni Leadership Award Reception attire?
Recent grad and current law student here. Made a website meant to make college life easier. Check it out!
Best Internet Service Provider in Berkeley?
Who is Cal's hottest transgendered student?
Campus all up in this video: Caleborate - Anna's Lament (Video)
Berkeley’s first parklet, outside of Cheeseboard, now open!
Flairbot 2.0, call for new moderators
What is a good date idea for someone under 21?
financial aid and living off campus
6 new Berkeley and Oakland restaurants to try now
Can anyone give my info on the Undergraduate Engineering Leadership Program (CET)?
How to be More Creative by Sleeping (Psych 133, Sleep Outreach Project)
Slammed with $1200 in library fines - anything I can do?
Sigma Alpha Pi
Living in a studio by myself: is Comcast really THAT bad?
Berkeley from the Lawrence Hall of Science
Is there an app that can tell you which major you're closest to completing?
OLD MINING TUNNEL NEXT TO HEARST MINING BUILDING - let's go in!
Legal Studies major stole a printer by claiming it as her own! Is she right?
Anyone taken CogSci C127?
Cheap Rides/Busses from Orange County to Berkeley/Oakland/SF?
Silent auction by the Alumni association has a ton of great items including season passes for football and basketball. Auction closes Sunday at 9pm!
CS 61A and 70 in the same semester?
Help from anyone who went through the Family Contribution Appeal process
Has anyone taken WStat21 in the summer?
Any musicians want to jam?
Asian-interest sororities ?
Where to get online tool for reading scientific publications on Kindle (offered by the library)?
Berkeley Alum help: Any freshman willing to give me feedback about my company's mobile game? I can give Philz gift cards and Berkeley advice for your help?
Berkeley Alum help: Any freshman willing to give me feedback about mobile games(e.g. Candy Crush? I can give Philz gift cards and Berkeley advice for your help?
got off the waitlist so I'm not sure now!
Animal rights activists smash Star Grocery windows on Claremont Ave Sunday
Looking for a ticket to Mad Decent Block Party 9/19
Did anyone hear Sather Tower playing Joe Hisaishi's "One Summer Day" from Spirited Away today?
Hack UC Berkeley's bells is the world’s first remix competition for carillon. This project is an exploration in sound, vision, and performance that asks artists and new media visionaries to use the bells as they see fit - to hack the bells.
On Facebook, Kroeber Hall is listed as a campus building and a collection agency.
Question about former student
EE40 lab work?
Hi /r/berkeley! We're back with another survey about trashcans. This time you get to pick the winning prototype!
Renown Berkeley chemist, inventor of MDMA, Alexander Shulgin passes away
E7 Summer survivors?
Campus Takes Steps to Curb Irrigation Run-off &amp; Water Use. FINALLY!
Any good places/people for installing computer upgrades/selling off old computer parts?
Why can't I request flair?
Morning jog trail from Southside Berkeley (Elsworth &amp; Dwight)?
Earliest ESS apppointment is August 14th. Is there someone I can talk to sooner about selecting courses for Fall 2014?
Is Cal worth the money?
What kind of jobs can I get with a Cognitive Science major?
Fuck Comcast. Any alternatives?
What is your go-to quick healthy meal?
How much do you spend per month during a regular semester?
I expect to see a lot of this come this Fall
Does anyone have a portable generator I can use?
Anyone have a 1br open in Berkeley starting next week??
Are there any clubs that meet over the summer?
Hoping someone can help with an Ubuntu install...
Help! I cannot enroll in Math 1B at all!
Want to Phase II EE40, but confused about section times
Do I have a chance as a transfer from a California Community College?
3-Day OUTSIDELANDS Passes for sale $315 each.
Can't pay for semester in time
Best places to buy a bike in Berkeley
Peace in the Park Speaker Preview
What's a good Physical Science breadth course for someone who's not good at science?
CS61B after E7
Berkeley is #3 on list of 10 most intelligent college towns in America
3-day Outsidelands pass for sale
Five key questions as Cal opens football training camp.
If i am retaking a class, can I take either the regular or online version?
What's the difference between E98 and E198?
New to the city! Anyone know of cafes were people talk to strangers?
Anyone here have experience with any of the physical education classes? How are they?
Question for coop-ers regarding social functions, substance tolerance
The San Francisco Fire will be playing their home matches at Haas Pavilion this year!
Advice for choosing a major
Do people on UCB's wifi network have access to CS resources?
Laptops and iPads now on loan at Moffitt Library (seems to come up on this sub ~ once a month, and now it's real!)
I don't know if this is allowed, but a friend of mine..a student at UC Berkeley is in serious need...
Finishing CS Upper Divisions In One Year?
Where can I make art in town?
Have you seen this tiny treehouse post office in Tilden?
Does 61a assignments and projects change per semester?
C- in Math 1A first semester in freshman year. Can I retake the course to make it to CS major?
Resources for history of Berkeley?
Anyone know some relatively cheap places (&gt;1000)to live in berkeley?
free microsoft office?
Open Letter from Jewish Officers and Members [of UC Student Workers Union] in Support of Divestment
Phased 2 some classes
Does anyone know if there is a wood shop/woodworking class that Cal offers?
Step away from the cafe - FREE co-working day at NextSpace Berkeley Wed. Aug 6th.
Anyone taking chem 3b this summer?
Berkeley's Graduate School of Journalism just crashed. Just thought I should report on it.
Question about signing up for CS61C.
Chemistry 3A Text
Family Housing - university village waitlist
UC Berkeley #3 on America's Most Entrepreneurial Universities
Cal alum &amp; NPR White House Correspondent Tamara Keith is doing an AMA on Reddit now!
Looking for Cal filmmakers (students or recent grads). Contacted GIANT, any other recommendations?
Looking for Cal film makers, students or recent grads. Contacted GIANT, any other recommendations?
Can anyone suggest interesting/fun historical or international studies classes they've taken?
How to get the free football tickets for freshmen?
Cancelling housing contract?
CS 70 Sahai Final Exams
New course map for the Berkeley Half Marathon November 9th
How to get into a Haas class (ugba) if you're not a Haas student?
If you have .edu email address, you can get 6 months free of Amazon 2-day shipping Student Prime. Link to the deal in title.
stat133 professor?
Selling/ Transferring 1 ticket: Yo Yo Ma - Aug 12th
What Degree Suits CS as a double major/minor?
What courses require Math 54 as prerequisite?
Richard Blum and Dianne Feinstein Make Big Investment in Foreclosure to Rental Housing
Stat 135 w/o stat 134 and math 54
VIDEO: Your weekly dose of #Berkeley tweets &amp; Instagrams from top spots around the city.
Google Developers Group Berkeley
I spent 9 years at berkeley (B.S., M.S., and PhD) in the EECS department. Now I'm at MIT doing a postdoc. I've taught and done research at both universities. I've seen so much... Any questions?
You May Need A News Station To Help You Wade Through Berkeley's City Bureaucracy.
volunteer at the Jerry Garcia (of the Grateful Dead﻿) tribute concert this Friday, August 1st at the Greek!
Cal men's tennis coaches featured on latest episode of Mythbusters (Commercial Myths)
Useful math subjects for a Physics major?
Trying to start a Wake Team/Club at UCB
Transferring a failed CC course
Cal engineering BS/MS alum here ('10, '11) - lmk if you have questions.. (i live in norcal)
L&amp;S 1 Thoughts
How hard is it to get into the CS department?
Class selection question
Anthro 3AC Questions
AC Requirement Recommendations?
best computer repair shop in berkeley?
Chances of getting in?
I am a prospective Ph.D applicant and I have some Berkeley specific questions!
IAM Editor-in-Chief of the Daily Cal. AMA.
Chances of getting into CS61a off the waitlist?
Penn Stater here. We just hired your former athletic director, Sandy Barbour. Should we be concerned?
Heartbreaking story of a Cal Alum in the Peace Corps Dying
How much calculus knowledge is required to take Physics 7A?
anyone want to volunteer usher at The Neighbourhood show tonight at the fox theater in oakland??
How early does Memorial stadium begin allowing entry?
Real Madrid vs Inter Milan
Where is the best place to get Fish n Chips in Berkeley?
Oh you!
Oh you!
A Bed for a German Researcher
Biking trails in Berkeley
The class I wanted to take filled up, what now?
You are given an unlimited supply of something, what would it be...given that the next commenter gets to condition it
Is anyone's cat missing? (Southside)
How to gain Leadership in Community?
Cheap/Free parking near Kabam Field at California Memorial stadium?
Andrew and Rohin (summer 61A colecturers) are doing an AMA
I am a CalSO Leader AMA!
Recommended fun classes (3-4 units)
Are upper div psych prerequisites enforced?
Is there a difference between all the R1Bs that they list on telebears other than teacher and time?
Where to go skinny dipping?
Slashed tires near Trader Joe's?
VIDEO: #Lisa checks your status updates from the Berkeley Spark Festival - for quirky audiences only
How CS61A summer session likes to teach iterators
Visiting for 2 weeks starting sunday. Over 21. Wat do?
Taking cs61b concurrently with cs61a?
Recent grads of Berkeley, what is like to still live in Berkeley?
Worth Staying on CS 61C Waitlist?
POL SCI/Reading-intensive majors, help?
Any management courses that I shouldn't miss out on?
WHERE ARE THE DECENT MEXICAN RESTAURANTS AROUND HERE?!?!
Double major in MCB(Pre-med) and CS
Should I take Math 1B, 53, 54, or none at all?
IEOR vs ORMS
When do new students get bus passes?
Questions regarding Environmental Science, Policy, and Management Doctorate program
Housing?
In Berkeley for a 1/2 day and looking for fun shops to check out.
EEP 115 vs. EEP118
Anyone know when to start looking for job openings for fall semester?
Anyone here take Math 128A before? How was/is it?
Looking for SAFE, very early morning jogging trails. Live at Piedmont Ave + Haste St intersection
Low Humming Noise in Berkeley
Anyone know where the open mic night events are? (HMU if you want to jam/play music together too!)
Danish student here for the summer - really need a motorcycle for trips &amp; business, any idea how?
Any ISF students or graduates?
Any interesting and easy classes I could take that fulfill breadths for L&amp;S?
Cheap package acceptance or PO box rental on South side of Berkeley?
Long-term parking around Berkeley
Homeless person convo at People's Park. Guy 1: "Hey man, even the soil is polluted" Guy 2: "not my soil after I pee in it" Guy 1: "Naw it has all this formaldehyde and shit" Guy 2: "I smoked that once."
I want to take an entreprenership class?
Last minute fall Housing
Finding cheap wifi?
Berkeley consulting clubs?
Still possible to major in CS?
Easy 4 or 5 unit class offered in Fall?
Any students out there looking for some beermoney?
Do people watch porn on the berkeley wifi?
Find Song Hy Sok
Looking for a goal keeper...
Phase II for incoming chem e freshman?
I'm trying to transfer from a JC to Berkeley. Please help me understand the process.
Econ 1 or C3 (environmental econ)?
Regents and Chancellors Scholarship
What's an interesting American Cultures course I can take my first semester?
anyone want to volunteer at the Slightly Stoopid show tonight at the greek?
Any fun or interesting stuff to do or see during summer weekends for bored college students (especially accessible by BART)?
Is professor Berggren teaching physics 110A again?
Scheduling exam advice for an incoming freshman (please!)
Desperately seeking to be accepted by Berkeley as a transfer, anyone have amazing tips to help me with that?
Murder in south berkeley
Looking to transfer into UC Berkeley, but not completely sure yet
RIP Prof Nitsche
PSA: TeleBEARS Phase II starts today!
Just graduated. How do pay back FAFSA?
What are sororities like at cal?
How often do bikes get stolen on campus?
Chancellor Dirks, lead guitarist
Just moved to Berkeley and looking for a hiking buddy/someone to get coffee with sometimes
Worst Typo Ever On My College Diploma
UC Berkeley Library Introduces Journal Reading App for tablets... sweet!
Decent wash and fold service in North Berkeley?
#Lisa's checks your #berkeley tweets &amp; Instagrams from Sundays on Telegraph. Jurassic5, goats, cheeseboard &amp; Chez Panisse...
Any courses or resources that can help a noob get into coding/programming?
Berkeley pushes for cancer warning stickers on cell phones
CC Transfer as Bus. Admin. major... Advice?
Berkeley Power Outage. Train (BART) powered by a mobile generator.
Looking for someone to replace me for Martinez APT single
Suggestions for a first-time visitor?
Anyone have a room for a Danish couple from July 23-30?
Are there any easy 1-2 unit Engineering/CS classes that count toward the 45 unit Engineering/CS major requirement?
Laptop resources
Magic Man concert in SF tonight? 7/13
Hey Berkeley, let's get a drink today!
Any Big Brother / Survivor fans at Berkeley?
Class of 2014: Anyone get their diplomas yet?
Any students play Runescape?
DON'T FORGET TO WAIVE SHIP (it's kind of a pain in the butt this year)
I am a desperate college student doing a project on the California drought. Would you be so kind as to participate in my online survey?
anyone watching evo 2k14?
Demolition Sought to Replace Grocery Outlet Building with 5-Story Mixed Use Project.
TV Girl show (Friday) @ The Night Light in Oakland
Are there any Cal tank tops with the bear logo on it?
Bottomless mimosas?
Trial begins in stabbing death of Berkeley woman
Berkeley’s Most Lovable Weirdos [awesome art]
Berkeley dispensaries now required to give free marijuana to the poor
Still haven't received a housing offer.
How is the food at the coops?
Telebears: "TERM HAS ENDED, CANNOT DROP"
I saw this Stanfurd car broken down near Telegraph today.
I don't know, is it?
These Berkeley Students’ App Solved a Big Problem
I really want to go swimming...
Where's a good place to get a haircut in Berkeley?
Bill Cosby? He's a Cal fan.
Forbes is running a #MyTopCollege social media competition. Let's do this!
Can someone help save this fledgling bird?
Hello Berkeley Redditors. Anyone have a place still looking for a roommate?
Heads up! If you have .edu email addy you can get Amazon student Prime free for 6 months then it's only $49/year or you cancel it when you're done
You're an idiot if you think STEM and Haas degrees are necessarily superior to liberal arts concerning employment
Cheapest place to buy blueberries?
RIP Adam. Thanks for making us all smile.
Why is CS:GO banned at Cal?
Lil B - Rick Ross
What's that "CAR" tshirt all about?
7-Jan
Looking for good bike rides/trails!
#Berkeley video: 4th of July Berkeley-style with #Lisa and The Blondies.
Looking for a racquetball partner!
Can i join a frat if I'm 17?
In Berk for the summer420
I am teaching CS61B in the Fall. Past and future students of 61B, I'd like your opinions.
Anyone want to study together?
How do I get a medical marijuana card (cheaply)?
Bored
Driving School recommendations ?
Berkeley moves to tax sugary drinks | Al Jazeera America
Places to study on Engineering/CS/EECS side of campus or near Foothill?
I think I effed this up
How to get laid
Anyone taken IEOR 266?
Anybody play CS:GO?
Hi /r/Berkeley, I'm taking ME110 and would greatly appreciate it if you could do this quick survey for us
On the class waitlist. Should I be panicking?
PSA: Don't ride on University!
Best place to practice singing on campus!?
Where can I find nerdy friends?
UC gpa affected with CC courses?
Has anyone ever gotten renter's insurance?
Want a song written just for you??!! :o
Local Coffee Beans in Berkeley
FAFSA
24/M looking for room in Berkeley or Oakland
Do people walk when they graduate in the fall?
Good Places for Working Out?
Fashion in Berkeley/NorCal?
Unit 1 RH Suite Triple?
PSA: r/CaliforniaDrought needs **YOU**: A subreddit dedicated to people and places coping with drought in California; come share your stories, news and strategies for coping with the Extreme Drought!
Does anybody have experience with Durant Place?
Good sighting spot for 4th of July fireworks?
SHIP waiver appeal advice?
Best Place to Watch FIFA World Cup?
LinkedIn Directory for UC Berkeley
Cancelling housing contract
any good jogging routes near berkeley ?
Berkeley Dispenaries to Provide Free Marijuana to Extremely Low-Income Members
UC Berkeley: 2nd most dangerous college in America.
Leconte to Etcheverry
Is the walk zone enforced?
The Rise of Pot Arrests at People's Park
Does AC bus pass work in SF?
Internet question, LMI vs. Sonic?
How do I do a senior thesis?
Any graphic designers with label experience?
Berkeley: "it is dirty, it is run down, it smells like piss, there so many homeless people around, and the buildings look like there are about to collapse in the next earthquake."
What's the Cal weight room like?
no pass on transcript
How to get to grizzly peak from Downtown Berkely Bart?
Has anyone gotten their security deposit from 2530 hillegass?
Travel time within my schedule?
Should I take 1B in FPF or take 1A in FPF and 1B spring semester?
Berkeley is very competative.
The filming for Marshawn Lynch's movie in front if Berkeley's Rasputin Music Store [x-post from r/nfl]
[Meetup] Eat, Drink, Be Happy, Lost and Found, Thurs 3 July 7:30pm (xpost /r/oakland)
Missing Kitty :(
#Berkeley: a look at the city's week on Twitter &amp; Instagram with #Lisa. June week 4.
Rising sophomore looking for life advice
Are L&amp;S Discovery courses upper division?
Anyone in r/Berkeley a Econ Major that transferred from a CC? I could use some advice.
Quick Comcast question
Looking for a room to rent ~$750
Is a transfer out of the question?
Bike to borrow/rent?
TIL that the official colors of Berkeley are Yale Blue and California Gold. So I guess Yale must be a pretty cool place :D
Diff eq tutor?
martinez rooms
I'm an incoming freshman staying in a Unit 2 triple next year. Any advice?
Morning commute questions.
Locking bike at Rockridge all day?
I'm a Transfer student with a 3.5 GPA and i'd like to know what my chances are if I apply to berkeley's sociology program this fall!!
Free soccerball with testdrive.
Holiday dates
Gamecube games around Berkeley?
$30 in FREE Uber rides. NOT A PERSONAL LINK.
Owning a scooter in Berkeley: thoughts?
$30 worth Free Uber Ride for Cal students to anywhere
Clark Kerr triple vs. off-campus / anyone need a female roommate?
The Best Current NFLer amongst the California Bears Alumni
One of the Santa Barbara murder victims a few days beforehand
Help with senior year course schedule?
another shooting in south berkeley
Why does Berkeley have such shitty facilities?
Best food after 2AM?
College of Engineering Unit Ceiling
Pappy's reacts to Jermaine Jones' (USA's first) goal vs Portugal
Volunteering At Berkeley's YEAH (Young Entrepreneurs At Haas) As a CC Student?
Session C Drop Deadline for Refund Today (Help!)
What is the easiest second-level reading and composition course?
Where can I find a good web developer? Any ideas?
Anyone want to make electro music together?
14 places to drink outdoors in the East Bay
Startups - Pre-launch/Betas
What's the best dining hall?
gunshots in south berkeley
New indie bookstore opens north of campus
Athletic Director Sandy Barbour stepping down
I hate niggers and beaners, so which major should I pick where I can study with superior whites, indians, and east asians?
Postal Address to send transcripts
Bikes on campus
5 Cool New Places to Eat in Berkeley
Intramural soccer (Sunday)?
#HashtagBerkeley: #Lisa's weekly video round up of your #Berkeley tweets and Instagrams.
Hello Berkley students! How does the built environment surrounding your campus affect your health? Help us solve the puzzle by taking this short, online survey.
Hello Berkley students? How do you feel about the built environment surrounding your campus? Does it facilitate physical fitness? Help us find out more by taking this short, online survey.
Accidentally converted loans to workstudy instead of vice-versa
How is your UC Berkeley GPA counted?
In need of a favor from someone at Berkeley!
Malia Obama takes college tour of UC Berkeley
Financial Aid
What do you think my chances are for transferring into Berkeley's EECS?
First semester schedule for ChemE transfer student
Best bars in South Berkeley or Oakland near Berkeley?
Do you guys know how student loans work?
If anyone is near the units right now could you just comment on whether there are people playing soccer right now or is it reserved by someone else? Thanks!
more greek theater volunteering! Sarah McLachlan this friday, June 27th!
Looking for a cheap restaurant near UC Berkeley.
Intra Mural Basketball?
My sister is moving across the country to Berkeley this August (much to my chagrin). I'm heartbroken but want her to be happy. Any ideas for a great gift to help her make the most of her new home?
Cancelling summer registration
intramural soccer
Anyone wanna play soccer tonight?
Fall housing?
cheap place to do grocery?
summer housing! july 1-aug 20 sub
What do you always stock in your kitchen?
Is EE40 worth it?
Where's the best place to watch the World Cup?
How to land IBanking gig as an EECS major?
Experiences with forwarding bmail account after graduation?
Financial Aid question: I have Epilepsy and my Dr. recommended Medical Marijuana. Does having a MMJ recommendation disqualify me from receiving aid/fed grants?
Transfer Question
We've still got it! 3rd best recruit on the W. Cost commits to California after visiting Cal and Stanford last week.
Where to take passport photos in Berkeley?
Looking for a place to stay close to the campus! Help?!
Ready to adopt driverless cars??
A decent massage parlor in Berkeley or East Bay?
Class Schedule
Getting hired at UC Berkeley?
Are small ISP provider a good choice?
The Most Liberal And Most Conservative Towns In Each State
New EECS combined signals/circuits class next Spring?
I'm a rising senior at Cal and just released my first hip hop EP - let me know what you guys think.
Looking for Sarah McLachlan Tickets at the Greek Theater show on 27 June
Looking for housing?
one more time: Free Michael Franti and Spearhead concert this saturday @ the Greek!
New around here, bored...
Used Physics 7C text book on sale for only $8,746.74. Even with the $3.99 shipping charge, this is a total steal
BBerkeley may be first to place Climate Change warnings at gas pumps
Is anyone currently enrolled/considering in the (MIDS) Masters of Data Science program?
Cal band FTP and Campus move in
Need Advice on selecting classes for the summer
Study spots after 6pm on campus?
Long Term Parking in Berkeley
Longboarding at Cal - Advice for a board
Why do libraries close so early during summer?
I (high school student) did not take a Science class my junior year, help with summer course selection?
Anyone available to give me a tour of the campus tomorrow or Friday?
Drafting a Berkeley-themed Cards Against Humanity Expansion; what's your best idea for a white card?
New to Berkeley and new place is 2 blocks away from People's Park... Safety concerns?
New to berkeley, where do people usually play soccer or go for a run?
Summer clubs?
Does anyone know of any apps/services that require a phone number to use?
Transportation?
Petition to substitute course for AC credit
found an amex card in Berkeley. If your last name is Gill check your FB messages so I can return it
Fun Places to Watch World Cup?
A place to watch the Korea v Russia game
Favorite Berkeley happy hour spots
Who has taken Stat155?
Taking classes at community college will lower my weighted GPA, should I still take them?
Breakfasts near UC Berkeley?
Place to Stay for Summer+Fall!
Summer course waitlist question
Street Piano in Berkeley
Need someone who plays acoustic guitar for a song I wrote
Question for Chemistry/Chemical Engineering Majors
Calling all Berkeley metalheads
Session C online course deadline
Deadline to pay for summer courses?
Best restaurants in Berkeley?
I am a prospective student and would like to signup for the mailing list/request information, but I can't seem to find the link on the website for it. Do any of you know where to find it?
Urgent billing problem and need your help/info
Westbrae Biergarten (w/ outdoor World Cup coverage) &amp; nano-brewery Hoi Polloi now open in Berkeley
What building(s) in Unit 2 is/are open now during the summer?
Letter service for alumni?
Anyone want to go grab dinner?
Anyone going to the reddit meetup at SF this saturday?
Has anyone gotten a job through Callisto?
So any details on what went down on Telegraph and Durant 2 hours ago??
Places to print large color posters on campus?
Hopefully this is the right place for this... But I'm possibly moving to the area in July and rent prices are a lot steeper than I expected. Anyone looking for a roommate?
CS 61C, Math 1B, Math 54 for Fall 2014?
free Michael Franti and Spearhead concert next saturday @ the Greek!
free concert w/ Matt Nathanson, Gavin Degraw, and Mary Lambert next Friday @ the Greek!
Ellsworth Parking Structure
Any girl gaming groups in Berkeley?
Anybody have a drum set I could record for a couple hours this weekend?
How hard would CS70 be if I almost failed Math 1A and Math 1B?
How to make a payment to FAFSA after graduation?
COG SCI 1 Lab?
Decals and L&amp;S credit
Anyone here going to SF Jazz Festival?
online courses for breadth credit?
Incoming freshman here, serious question.
Best Gym on North Side of Campus?
UC Berkeley student (and friend of many) has gone missing.
Cal finds little company in push to cut athletic subsidies
[Cal Dining survey] Help end the freshman 15! Fill out this survey to show the school that dorm dwellers should be offered reduced meal plans like the rest of us.
How to find what song was played in the Campanile?
Demystifying Student Health Insurance
Looking for a Goal-keeper for summer Intramural Soccer
Looking for a Goal-keeper for summer Intermural Soccer
I fucked up Summer Schedule
Amazon fresh vs google shopping express
I didn't even know this was a thing... Rare Flower that blooms only once a century is set to bloom in Berkeley!
Cal vs Berkeley - Which school is better? (prospective undergraduate applicant)
Concurrent Enrollment in CS or Information
Legislating College Sex Lives --- "Affirmed consent" standard could be required at all public California colleges.
Parking at Berkeley (long term)
Should I rent a PO box to receive mail while living at Berkeley?
Internet providers help
Textbooks
Student mystery shopper wanted!
UGBA 107 Waitlist chances for a non-Haas?
Breaking: Authorities uncover meth lab on Oregon Street
Question about L&amp;S GEs as an IGETC transfer
I graduated in Spring 2014 but it says my registration is blocked under student profile for fall 2014.
Google Shopping Express now in Berkeley - Get groceries delivered to your door overnight! (6 months free deliver + 10$ for first purchase)
Berkeley Econ or USC Marshall?
Where can I receive my official diploma after graduation?
Anyone have experience in a triple in the Units? (unit 1)
Questions about comics &amp; Berkeley (LCSs, etc.)
Hoyt Hall Co-Op offer?
UC Berkeley computer science bachelors have the highest median mid-career pay
Raleigh's and Intermezzo are rebuilding after fire
Cheapest places to live around campus?
New Executive Director at Berkeley Student Cooperative
Berkeley meal plan
Bowles and Stern?
Anyone from Unit 3?
Typical unit-load for summer classes?
Map of Polling Locations for Berkeley (Primary Election June 3, 2014)
Help finding a photograph!
Safe to phase II CS61A and CS70 for incoming junior transfer?
HOLＹFUCK I JUST GRADUATED!! Now wher do I get my official diploma?
Need help finding place to ship from
Mystery bike party this past weekend
Experience with RELIGST 90A?
Alameda County, CA: Smart Voter election guide
does anybody have this book on set theory?
Quick Grading Question, Couldn't Find the Answer Elsewhere
Help deciding course sequence for cs and upper div physics
Possible to apply to Haas in junior year?
CalMail account expiration after dismissal (urgent)
Apartment Searching
Thesis Help: Survey on Parental Involvement &amp; Academic Achievement for Current College Students, 18-28 years old
Berkeley Asian Sororities
RSF noob questions
Rising junior econ major...realized that I didn't do crap these past 2 years...now what??
Where to buy CS major tshirt?
UCLA vs Cal
Where to get Bedding near campus?
Coming to Berkeley!
UC Berkeley Fires Administrator for Stealing Thousands to Pay for Kids’ Tuition
Fall only room looking
Does anyone have some review about Telegraph Commons Housing?
Any suggestions how to find an apartment remotely?
machine/electronic workshop at/near Cal?
Update: Anyone have experience fighting Raj Properties?
Looking for Subletters/ Renters for 2 bed 1 bath apartment 3 blocks from UC Berkeley Campus.
UC Berkeley Administrator Accused Of Stealing $90,000 From School, Had Previous Embezzling Conviction
Latest News UC Berkeley Administrator Accused Of Stealing $90,000 From School, Had Previous Embezzling Conviction
Does anyone know why the RSF is closed from June 1st - June 5th?
Is Econ 141 difficult
Decent bars for a visitor?
Cal new transfer student needs help..
Is it just me or is it really hard to develop connections to other students at Cal?
Anyone have experience fighting Raj Properties?
I'm a British transfer student looking for accomodation at Cal
Help in MechE 104
Free spoonrocket meal for new member
Is it worth trying to wait for Stat135 if im 10th on the waiting list?
Anyone here former/current Student Learning Center tutors/study group leaders?
Research associate looking for a lab in psychology.
Stat 133 in the summer?
Anyone have their car towed by the city due to 72+ hours? I'm out of the country and wondering how much it will cost.
Classes to take in the first year for Business
Anyone taken an online course before?
r/berkeley Word Cloud Over the Last Month
Need some advice regarding scheduling around working in a lab
Berkeley.edu email address forwarding not working?
What's the most common way students get bud?
Easy 2+ unit summer class for session a?
My bike was just stolen. What are my chances of finding it again?
Where to get a great men's undercut haircut?
Anybody still waiting on receiving a grade?
UCSB candlelight vigil at UC Berkeley
looking for harmonica lessons
Does anyone know of any good, inexpensive carpet cleaning companies?
UC Berkeley to Davis Shuttle - How closely do they check photo ID? And what would happen if they suspect I'm not the person I claim to be?
CiscoAnyconnect (VPN) in Foreign Countries
Analysis of Over 2,000 Computer Science Professors at Top Universities
Is it easy to change major from ChemE in the college of chemistry to a major in the college of engineering?
Campus life in the summer
Starting a CS minor junior year?
Share the best places to eat around campus
Suggestions for an incoming Vocal/Singing Hobbyist?
Worrying
I'm kinda scared (poss incoming freshman)
Rent Deposit Help
summer course question
Laney College students protest commencement speaker Napolitano.
How do you know a rent place is legit?
My Dad just texted me this picture, drawn by Jimi Hendrix, from the rock and roll hall of fame.
Downwards curve
Cal graduate sues In-N-Out overspilled coffee
36 Extreme Advantage Of BBA Degree
SHIP waiver appeal denied?
I've always wanted to get split roasted, have no idea how to go about this.
Who Gives a Fuck?
Housing &amp; SHIP question as a transfer
Inexpensive fall co-op housing is still available at Cloyne Court, the substance-free house, even though the co-op waitlist is several hundred people long.
Study group for CS70 (Summer)
Cheapest place to print ~1500 pages black and white/get it bound?
STEM majors with a 3.7+ GPA, how did you do it?
Drummers in Berkeley?
Bluegrass music
How bad is a D?
Looking for a kitten
Do you have access to the Chemistry Lab? We're two UCB grad students making art for Burning Man and we need your help!
Visit to the dentist covered under SHIP. Any recommendations?
Cardiology classes at Cal?
Moving to Berkeley from the East coast-- looking for places to live.
major prereq gpa
Graduated from Berkeley- any free downloads or other things I need to take advantage of?
Sudden change in degree audit report
What do you do/can you do with old furniture you cannot sell or give away?
Where would you go to get free poems during the summer?
Spam/phishing email
P/NP
DeCal grade not posted
Berklium Californium - Cherry Wood Elemental Coasters
Gunshots?
Berkeley grades were due today
feeling defeated in a situation with a professor. help me out, fellow golden bears...
I have 10 days left in Berkeley. What do I need to do in this city before I fly out?
Class of 2012 Tassel
Anyone interested in going to Startup Weekend?
Is there an FAQ/guide for housing?
Graduation Stole?
In-n-out trip if anyone is down???
Selling a Master's cap and gown!
Transferring to Berkeley
Free cap and Gown
Cal Bucket List Class of 2015
RSF in summer?
Do graduate schools know/care of Cal's undergrad grade deflation?
Should I try transferring to EECS (L &amp; S CS major)?
Graduated from my Masters program on Saturday and the feeling of leaving Berkeley just sunk in.
Still no grades up, but my friend says his grade for one of our classes is already up?
Looking for my friend Molly this summer?
Any Walmart/Kmart &amp; big grocery outlets near UC Berkeley?
An important update from Chancellor Dirks
Fellow Cal grads are founding and leading a youth program in a poverty stricken community in Aguascalientes to motivate at risk youth to finish high school. Let's help them out :)
Friend coming to study anf need a place to live
Haven't had a picture in your cap and gown taken? It's not too late!
Syllabuses for Searle's Philosophy of Society &amp; Reich's Wealth and Poverty?
Good places to live in for summer school?
Summer Parking
Summer financial aid if I drop a class?
best short term storage place?
Body Found at Bottom of Large Rock Near UC Berkeley
Math Department: Mentoring and Community
Does BearFacts mean 12:00 pm?
Found ipad mini
cs61a with ugba103 in the summer?
Honors student wanting to transfer to Berkeley! Help?
View from the field at commencement today
Looking to buy a cap, gown, tassel
Mechanical Keyboard Enthusiasts- Custom "Cal" key available, thought someone might be interested
Does anyone have a transcript or video of Dirk's speech from this morning?
Good laptop for EE/CS transfer
Borrow or Buy 2014 Graduation Stole
When will grades be up, and when will I know if I have actually graduated?
Is anyone else have trouble with BearFacts?
Upcoming Music Festivals?
Telegraph and Durant. You can't see it in this picture, but there were 3 more 51b at the Dana and Durant stop. AC Efficiency
Engineers: How to beat the FE exam without beating your head (free e-book on Amazon)
General Commencement Tickets (5/17/14)
Students, alums &amp; faculty, turn your free bitcoin into free coffee
This is me, sitting near a girl in Moffitt yelling at people to be quiet.
Lindsey Stirling concert tonight?
Comcast out on Southside?
Berkeley's website from 1996
More money but living with a freshman or less money and live with people your age?
Has anybody challenged a grade and won?
Chase vs. Bank of America
Found out I didn't buy graduate ticket for general admissions. What should I do?
CS Transfers, what are some words of advice you have for incoming CS transfers?
Early grade submissions?
Jason Do inspired by this 90's sitcom
Coinbase is giving away $10 in Bitcoin for signing up with a .edu address
Cheating/Plagiarism
Do D's count toward major requirements?
Physics transfer student here. Any survival tips?
Questions on housing...
deferred acceptances for grad school?
Berkeley tap water quality
When's the last day to use meal points?
Berkeley California - Haverford commencement speaker backs out following concerns expressed by Haverford students and several professors over his leadership during a 2011 incident when UC police used force on students protesting college costs.
Where's my final?
How to survive Berkeley EECS?
I am so screwed by Physics 110A. How a class can have 3 midterms, 1 final and 15% of the final for a derivation that is available on the textbook?
61c rap before final
For sale: Two-foot stack of LSAT books, new condition
econ 125: where's the location for the final?
VIDEO: UC Berkeley Sports Announcers call their final games
Jason Do: UC Berkeley student arrested for alleged peeping in residence hall showers
Does anybody like playing music.
Good introductory stats/data analysis classes?
Looking for a place to live!
Just recently found out that I'll fail a class nontheless
What buildings have Air Conditioning?
"Robert J. Birgeneau, former chancellor of UC Berkeley has backed out of speaking at Haverford College’s commencement scheduled for Sunday, following concerns over his leadership during a 2011 incident when UC police used force on students protesting college costs."
What's going on at I House?
Hook-up/public sex spots?
Best place to get (free) boxes?
Birgeneau backs out of Haverford commencement after students protest
Just saw a police escort with some unmarked vehicles go up Dwight.
May '14 grads, show us yr custom grad cap on Twitter. Use #CalGrad
Rohin Shah: Over 3.96 GPA, EECS with minor in physics, 20 yrs old, lecturer for CS61A in the summer, runner up for University Medal
When the final exam is handed out, this is always the best surprise
Anyone wanna help a guy out with some Stats 2 problems?
it's going to be really hot tomorrow and wednesday
Need help deciding to take CS classes at Cal or learning myself
Is there an archive of old Berkeley yearbooks available anywhere?
how would a number 1 student in discrete math at another school do in our CS 70?
Missing finals due to illness?
Does UC Berkeley have a program similar to Boston University's LEAP for non-engineering undergrads to obtain a Master's in Engineering?
Any Irish out there?
Berkeley law grad sorry for Vegas bird beheading
strength &amp; conditioning through movement tonight 6:30 at Doe Library
Towle Mini-Suites Vs. Wada Vs. Channing-Bowditch
I have a BA in Poli Sci and I want to obtain an MEng in Bioengineering. I know I'll need to take some classes to satisfy entry requirements, but what classes would those be?
upperdiv math finals are super fun!
What is considered passing in COE?
Looking for a ride to Riverside On May 23rd
http://shitty.education/
Making Games This Summer
I'm Shmocked: University of California, Berkeley
Continuing students, have you guys received your financial aid letter for Fall 2014?
Totally loss in physics 112, any last minute recommendation in tackling the final?
Galaxy S4 doesn't connect to AirBears, but connects to other wifi networks
Totally loss in physics 112, any last minute recommendation in tackling the final?
UC out-of-state students increase as Californians' admissions slow --- Cal tops list at 28.6% out-of-state
math 1a units?
What are the final exams for Physics 137B with Wohl like?
zach braff tribute video filmed in unit 2
Question about internet classes.
where all the fine chicks studyin on campus these days?
How many classes are you allow to fail for engineering major?
This video always cheers me up during finals week
Final Schedules for Summer Courses at Berkeley?
Is there a harder version of EE120/signals and systems?
Get FREE coffee and donuts outside of Moffitt TONIGHT at 7PM!
Nuclear Engineering 161?
Stolen Bike
Prospie: late submission of SIR
I have been an RA in the halls for more than 2 years. I have seen... terrifying things. AMA!
Bears, how were you able to find your place/niche on campus?
Congratulations to former Cal TE Richard Rodgers, who was just drafted by the Green Bay Packers! Go Bears!
In order to deter academic cheating in CS or even in humanities classes, should students be allowed to run their programs and essays in the Turnitin, MOSS, Diff software and see the results before submitting their work?
Group of 40-50 rowdy high schoolers from Berkeley High and "B-Tech" disrupt Berkeley downtown in fights and scuffles
Filippenko is doing an AMA tomorrow at 12pm! Let's support a Berkeley professor for Astronomy Day!
Amherst College vs Berkeley??
Anyone want a free bed May 21st or after?
Berkeley students asked to explain everything they learned this semester in 30 seconds
In case you missed the naked run...
Cal football player punched man, kicked dog
Berkeley police stop sparks racial controversy
Uncapitalizing name?
Can being written up result in blocked telebears?
TESOL/TESL/TEFL Certification in or at Berkeley?
Real Madrid vs Inter Milan coming to Memorial Stadium on July 26th
This girl serves at a bar in Berkeley that many of us know well. Made me cringe. Who puts this stuff on Facebook?
After spewing this, I think its important for this sub
Yo Fuck This No-Smoking Berkeley Bullshit
Berkeley prides itself in diversity, but I see so much segregation. WHY?
Hot girl at Chipotle
Moving into a 4 bedroom house in south berkeley... My room is approx 300 sq ft and I will move in with my girlfriend. We r paying $1000 to live there, is this a good deal? I think it is but just wanted some more perspective.
Your experience with Cal Alumni career services?
Anyone else like fire and burning?
Foundry Nights 13! Avant Garde Art Show featuring live music, dance, art installations and more!
Is it possible to take money off Cal1 cards?
Where can I take my Cal1 photo at?
get involved in ee?
Can I take two summer courses + an internship?
Anyone else see the NY Times UC Ad?
Do any grad students recommend Manville apartments? Looking for a place in Berkeley thought I'd ask you.
When is the Naked Run for this semester?
The Berkeley Compass Project offers a free two-week summer program for incoming science students: Apply now to move in to the dorms early and start doing science!
Checking out Books for the summer from one of the libraries
What is Ling100 like?
Petition to replace Tolman Hall, one of the least earthquake safe buildings on campus
Gigantic explosion/fire?
Negotiations for redevelopment of Bowles Hall underway to revive the residential college system (like @ HYP &amp; Oxbridge).
Decent places to stay near by? (1 night)
Anyone selling/renting/giving away a cap and gown?
Last minute internship advice?
Safe places to park my car overnight.
Pliny the Elder.
Professor Anant Sahai as a Berkeley undergraduate
Rap video about Cal (full disclosure, i'm in it)
Borrow/buy a wheelchair?
More CS cheating drama :(
PSA: Go hug puppies outside Moffitt Library
Looking to buy: wired five-button mouse
Living room for rent!
May 2014 grads, you can keep your Berkeley.edu address. Just convert it to a forwarding address in the Cal Alumni Network. Here are the FAQs!
New cap and gown $30. Only used once for Fall commencement!
Good place to get passport photos?
Declaring Computer Science
Is this doable for my first semester as a transfer?
Is there are bandwidth limit on airbears?
Space looking hallways on campus?
Intellectual Co-ops or Frats at Berkeley
Coin Counting Machines in Berkeley (For Free, Hopefully)?
Would attending to a later dates for Calso may have a negative effect on my class(es) registration?
Any good places to live on campus except Wada?
How can I get into Berkeley?
(Suggestion) Just wondering if
Looking for close-to-campus housing on Southside this summer? I got you.
CS 70, CS 61A, Math 54, English 45C
Can I declare a second major and then later choose not to pursue it?
Anyone else interested in going to Mat Zo concert on Thursday the 8th?
Intro Stat classes
Summer financial aid
Good computer repair places around campus?
Spoonrocket is back for the weekend!!
So I Still Haven't Gotten My Cap/Gown..
Got waitlisted...Now what?
How many units of summer school will Berkeley financial aid cover?
Armed security at Sliver tonight.
A few student groups made this happy video for 2014 grads!
Incoming Freshie, Do clases at CalSO really fill up that quickly, or would I still have a lot of choice at a later one?
PPV Boxing fight in Berkeley?
Berkeley Police Department wrongfully arrest two Black UC Berkeley Students for 'walking while black'
where can i buy large plastic storage boxes in berkeley?
Craigslist has failed us: if you're still homeless for fall, give us a call! We want to live with you!
Escalated jaywalking incident at Blake St. and Dana St.
ANONCON SPRING 2014 IS UP!
Cal Architecture Grad Asks Fellow Alums to Urge Toy LEGO to produce a model of the Campanile
Hey Engineers! What kinds of things are on your wish list?
I was really wanting to attend Berkeley when I graduate, is there anything I should know before hand?
Want to attend grad school at Berkeley, is transferring for undergrad advisable or should I just wait?
Help me be ok with not going to Berkeley
Just Before Big Race, Cal’s Human-Powered Vehicle Snapped in Two; Then Came A Bigger Surprise
Yeah Berkeley!- "How Much Of a City's Population is Subscribed to Its Subreddit" (xPost- r/dataisbeautiful)
Summer Bridge Program
Good places to interview on campus?
Guys, look! We're on the front page of CNN!
Feds Release List Of Schools, Including UC Berkeley, Being Investigated Over Sexual Assault Claims
Dorm move out day question
"Ride the Wiggle" with the Young Geo Professionals on May 8th followed by a Happy Hour!
Campus Sex!
I wish we
Your honest advice and opinions on social life at Cal.
Any Berkeley students have a product idea and need someone to build it?
Approaching the 80 unit deadline to declare a major
Which library should you go to? Please complete our survey to measure the stress level/productivity at different Libraries! Thanks!
Are there any NROTC midshipmen willing to share their experience at UC Berkeley?
Slackliners near campanile?
Transfer student just accepted! Where should I look for fall housing?
18th Annual Hip-Hop in the Park, FREE Concert headlined by Souls of Mischief (May 3rd, Berkeley)
Conviction tossed in Berkeley frat row killing
Hilarious FREE comedy show TONIGHT w/ Moshe Kasher, Jerrod Carmichael, and Liza Treyger!!
Berkeley clothing swap?
Need a Web Developer for a Quick Fix
History Departments: Cal vs UCLA
Looking for history majors!
Berkeley ranked as 10th-highest city in income inequality in US | The Daily Californian
Newly admitted and have a question? If your question can be better answered by either your professor, counselor, or L&amp;S Drop-In Advising, ask them instead of making a thread.
Telebears waitlist/enrollment question
Uva instate V. Berkeley out of state; worth it?
Whole thread on the front page all about Berkeley--go bears?
For those that play League of Legends or follow LCS: Former XDG Top Laner Benny is returning to UCB
TIL This is my school. THis is the school I go to AMAA. TIL this is the school I go to. tldr: read a book
GOOOO BEAAAARRRSSSSSSS
appeal and get in?
Depressed as fuck? Come see some free stand-up tomorrow on campus! Moshe Kasher, Jerrod Carmichael, Liza Treyger
Anybody know when the Naked Run is and how to get involved?
Are there any north Berkeley running routes with exercise stations?
Can't decide between Berkeley and Cal Poly Slo
CS70 &amp; 61BL Concurrently this Summer
ResComp bandwidth limit up to 100GB
Summer class waitlist
Just a reminder: California Bookstore Day is this Saturday, May 3rd! (Think Record Store Day, but for books.)
How to find a roommate in Berkeley?
Check out and like this video on youtube! It's for a mobile app competition!
Admitted Transfer from the East Coast, is Berkeley worth loans? and questions about majors, specifically history and economics
Panel discussion on bitcoin, cryptocurrency, and liquid democracy (berkeley 6pm, public library)
Does anyone here
martinez rooming?
Poli Sci 179 Part II
Admitted Freshman; Would I Survive?
Undergrad research, EECS
We need your help to send a Golden Bear to The Voice Bootcamp!
PSA: Don't go on the Daily Cal website, Game of Thrones Spoilers on the front page I think
Can a landlord in Berkeley charge $1,100 more a month from what he charged his tenants for the past year?
Finals time coming up in the stacks. Get ready to butt heads with these peoples for the carrels (xpost r/hifw)
revolution has started: robots play sweet music
Instructors for CS70 and CS61A during summer
Do the surveys for UCB employment get updated on an ongoing basis? Like let's say some graduates in 2008 and was unemployed for 6 years hypothetically and he reports himself as unemployed. Can he go back and say he found a job and the website would update his new job on the student outcomes?
Does the rsf have a sauna or steam room?
How much are people paying for Comcast internet?
Newly admitted transfer student - question regarding "condition of acceptance"
Is Telebears seriously down right now?
In n out opening on telegraph!!! (Next to Chipotle)
In-N-Out Telegraph?
Journalism/Media studies students
International students moving to Berkeley in the fall - need housing tips! (aside from I-House)
Berkeley: Meritocracy or Charity?
Joining a sorority as a sophomore?
Is the internet speed for on-campus housing better than Comcast?
Any one associated with the physics department? Prospective admit.
Anant Sahai's official decision regarding cheating and self-grades for CS70 Spring 2014
CS70: Anant Sahai's official decision regarding cheating and self-grades
Why can't I find this "At Berkeley" documentary anywhere?
Looking for a female Subleaser!
25GB Dropbox still available?
Cultural Anthropology majors at Berkeley: How has your experience been?
Place to watch Game of Thrones?
I forgot to tell Berkeley I dropped a Class
Wondering about Regents Scholarship and its benefits
Anyone want to go see The National + Portugal. The Man at the Greek Theatre with me tonight?Tickets are only $25.
I have a job offer in Richmond, CA for $40,000/year (possibly upgrade to $60,000/year after two years. Can someone make-do in this area with $40,000/year?
Any math or econ majors? Prospective transfer
New Transfer Looking at Co-Ops
Obtaining research for sophomore year
An open letter to the people literally talking behind my back while I was walking by unit 2.
What is the difference between the bachelor and master gown package, just the hood?
How long is general commencement?
physics 7a vs 8a
FREE comedy show with Moshe Kasher and Jerrod Carmichael on campus this wednesday!! 4/30
Is it possible to take CC courses the summer before my freshman year?
berkeley.edu email not receiving certain emails
getting a hotel in Berkeley vs San Francisco for my little brother's graduation?
Can someone explain Berkeley Robotics &amp; Human Engineering Lab to me please.
To Any and All Prospective Art Practice/Architecture Majors...
I-House!
Question about transferring to L&amp;S CS
Transfer student here. What's a good housing complex for transfers?
Art or Psychology (Transfer)
Creative Writing Minor?
Advice for appealing my rejection (transfer for psych major)
CS70 Self-grading dishonesty
admitted Engineering transfer, UCSD or UCB
Chances of deferring to Spring?
Berkeley: Coffee with Curan
Chances of getting into CS170?
[HIRING] Summer Marketing Intern (MBA Or Undergrad) for a Berkeley Startup in 500 Startup Batch 9 in Mountain View, CA.
Hoping for some college advice! Deciding between potentially going to Haas or USC Marshall.
Sharing notes for Poli Sci 179 (Final is this Wednesday)
Chance of changing class to P/NP right now?
Looking for people for housing group (starting June)
Getting into Upper-Div Classes as a Freshman
Cal Alum writes/stars in hilarious short, "The Third Wheel"!
"The Third Wheel"-Hilarious Short
Cheating is like masturbating. Everyone has done it but no one wants to admit it.
Hi, I'm trying to decide between attending Cal or UCLA. I was wondering if you guys could give me your thoughts?
Best place to watch NBA playoffs other than Pappys and Smart Alecs?
Somebody famous just rolled up to Blondie's pizza, do you know who it is?
Hi. I'm the other person in the office with you discussing the fact that you cheated.
course advice?
UC Theatre to reopen for music events
Irish Summer Delegation: Be Respectful
AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE..
Would you ever snitch on an academic cheater? How about a relationship cheater? I probably will not snitch on neither since I would have no evidence. Also me snitching means I have less time to work on the exam, so I may even lower my grade by snitching.
Cheating in Berkeley
Parkour/freerunning opportunities?
CS 61B Scandal
Anyone have more info on the latest cs cheating scandal?
Any stunt kite fliers here in Berkeley?
switching from l&amp;s to esp?
Hyperlocal Communication App built by Cal student: ZomeChat
If you have an extra minute, can you help me out by taking this short survey for my class project? :) Thanks!
Berkeley Story Collective Presents: First Kiss @ Berkeley
Easy and (hopefully) interesting International Studies course for Fall 2014 - Suggestions?
Looking for thoughts on a single in suit, Clark Kerr
First straight male "Sex on Tuesday" writer in 4 years accused of being "harmful"
Does anyone know the purpose of this electrical outlet in front of Barrows 78?
Mad Decent Block Party is Touring Across The US, and the best icon they gave Berkeley was a Chinese Take-Out Box.
Daily Cal reporter offends angsty fangirls; hilarity ensues.
Date of Poli Sci 179 Final?
Clark Kerr or Unit 3?
free The National concerts this saturday and sunday @ the Greek!
CS70 or Math 54 over the summer?
Is cs176 strictly applicable to biology or is it applicable to some other subject as well.
E7 Over Summer
I want to transfer to Berkeley from out-of-state school. Do you think its possible?
Igniting Protest: Will UC Make History By Pulling the Plug on Fossil Fuel Investments?
40 Cats Wanted for Apocalypse Meow Party
Aborted fetuses pictures on Sproul Plaza
Henna/Muslim student association tabling on sproul..
How closely are the two hour parking spots monitored in north Berkeley?
Summer Accommodation
Is Berkeley as cut throat as everyone claims?
I have question about admission at UC Berkeley Civil Eng. graduate program: Transportation engineering
What are some good bio research labs/wet labs in Berkeley for undergraduates?
Photo Campaign Addresses the Microaggressions Students of Color Face at UC Berkeley
Venn Diagram: Easter vs. 4/20 @ Berkeley
What's a Recommended Art Class for a CS Major?
What Programming Class?
Did people put themselves on the commencement name list?
Latino student groups?
Who here remembers Math 54 diff eqs?
How I feel as a regular CS major sometimes
Questions about financial aid and off-campus housing?
Thoughts on the character of South Berkeley?
Petition for an In-N-Out on campus. Is it just me or does the letter have terrible justifications? Also do people really like In-N-Out THAT much?
UC Berkeley admission falls 9 percent from last year under new enrollment model
Geoff Marcy Interview
Changing to College of Chemistry?
Is this a manageable workload?
For those of you in and around Albany...
New to the Area, Looking to Meet People
below average on both midterms?
ASUC election results
EE40 + EE20 advice
how much of a rent increase, in percentage, is reasonable? for a housing near people's park?
Fulton/Shattuck area
Professor Marsden Interview
how far off campus have you lived?
Help me graduate from school! Please fill out this short survey about your shopping habits. I need these results to finish my project to graduate! Thank you!
Nexus 5 screen replacement?
Did somebody lose their keys?? Found these in Etchie 3106
What did you write about in your UC application?
anyone seeing ƱZ in SF this friday?
CS class for non-CS majors?
Berkeley Story Telling
AirBears2 uses
Got into Cal! Woohoo! But now choosing a major...
Need a notary? My friend is licensed and certified, and she can help you out!
Nancy Pelosi to speak at graduation
Physics 7a Regrade?
Crazy Cal Roommates!
On Thursday (4/17) 9am-noon, 5,000 easter eggs will be hidden on Memorial Glade! Two with a $500 scholarship!
Cal Day video question
Rondo Eclipse [OC]
Berkeley bucket list?
Cuonzo Martin, formerly of the University of Tennessee, is our new basketball coach.
Any musicians looking to join a band?
New grad student / housing forum
Alumnus, Should I go to the general commencement? Or just my major?
How to succeed academically in UC berkeley?
How to sublet at a frat for the summer?
MIMS -UCB Admission Personal Advice
Stressed out? We're here to help :)
Pianists at Cal, we CS160 students need your help again
Looking for a 4th for our apartment
LUNAR ECLIPSE IS STARTING!!! red moon at 12am
MCB Lab Substitution
Feeling burned out? Come see/touch some human brains and participate in an art proj for the California Cognitive Science Conference!
Am I the Only One Legitimately Struggling?
Signing up for CalSO?
Feel isolated...think I've hit rock bottom.
Prospective undergrad going for business/econ... SF is great but can UC Berkeley compete with NYU's location?
Tuition not paid for this year...any point in even finishing classes this semester?
Any Berkeley musician transfers in here?
If you have an extra minute, can you help me out by taking this short survey for my class project? :)
About to sign a lease but I have a few questions...hopefully someone can help...
Upper Division Psych Classes for Non Majors?
Anyone driving down to SoCal on Saturday?
How do you buy clothes?
Come to Upper Sproul today for Sikh Turban Day! 11am-3pm. Get your own turban tied and learn why Sikhs wear a turban.
Friend wanted me to do some "minor enhancements" on her newly chosen profile pic. I think it turned out great.
what are the best kept secret of berkeley?
Urban Exploration at Berkeley
HA ALL YOU GUYS ARE JUST STANFORD REJECTS, DONT LIE
Transfer advice? Withdrawing from concurrently enrolled CS class?
I go to school in the midwest but will be interning in the Berkley area this summer. I'm looking for a sublet.
California Scheming--The University of California’s only response to successful labor organizing is violence and intimidation.
Handball players?
AirBears2 Feedback
Places to hang out in Berkeley?
Just trying to get a tostada
Has this ever happened to anyone? (research with a professor)
CS class that teaches C++?
Convince me to go to Berkeley!
Anyone going to see Matt Taibbi speak on southside tonight?
What Cal Day is like
How to find your community at Cal
The UC Davis Cop Who Pepper Sprayed Peaceful Students Will Receive $38,056 for Emotional Suffering
Landlord not letting me charge car?
A larger-than-normal population of anorexic girls at Berkeley?
Reading list data base?
Hearing back about CS reader application
Berekeley parents: Mr. Mopps' Children's books is having a free, fun event for California Bookstore Day (Saturday, May 3rd)!
SUPER SIKH MOD TO THE RESCUE
Mods: DON'T "FIX" WHAT'S NOT BROKEN
ASUC posts either promoting or attacking any single candidate/party/platform will be removed.
Golden ribbons on campus
How many gyms are open to undergraduate students?
Please help a fellow Cal Bear on this short survey about your shopping habits! Thank you!
What are some cool websites build by berkeley students?
Seeking Advice/Tips/Comments from accepted or applied California Comm. College transfers to Berkeley
One Brave Berkeley Student
One Brave Berkeley Student
A Poorly Constructed Apology, and One that is Too Little, Too Late: Better Luck Next Time, Naweed Mohabbat
A Horribly Written Response--From ASUC Pres. Candidate Naweed Mohabbat, Regarding His Blatant Lying--that is Too little, Too late
A Horribly Written Response, from ASUC Pres. Candidate Naweed Mohabbat--Regarding His Blatant Lying--that is Too Little, Too Late
What class would I learn more about PCA, EVD, SVD?
ASUC elections
Free Real Estate Concert on Cal Day
Spoonrocket Raises $10 Million
in-state tuition
Coworking spaces?
Lost or Stolen mail
Feed the #techbear for cool student tools like @CalCentral - vote YES for Student Tech Fee
Any "electronic/computer" musicians interested in hanging/jamming? (I've been getting into iOS)
If we're gonna get bombarded by ASUC crap, can we at least get some good ol' attack ads going?
LANB4TIME XIV | April 19th @ Evans
Bearfeed.org endorsements are out! It's a shame Berkeley's student publication, the Daily Cal, can't do its job adequately...
Graduate IB Classes?
Harvard doesn't hate Napolitano. Do we have to?
Anybody know what all the shouting/screaming somewhere around the center of campus is about?
Everything you need to know about Naweed &amp; BDS in 10 seconds!
Anyone taken BioE 144/MCB 144 or is currently in that class?
I'm a Math undergrad, thinking about taking my first graduate course (202A). Any input?
I'm the Independent guy challenging CalSERVE's Caitlin Quinn for EAVP. Here's my case!
Illegal enrollment is boon and burden to Berkeley schools
Pierre just made the front page of BuzzFeed...
Is there any engineering major here that couldn't graduate because they couldn't finish all the course?
Check out the ONLY engineer running for senate! #Tanay #148!
CalServe tries to cover Mohabbat's lying, lies themselves - DailyCal
Naweed Mohabbat, ASUC presidential hopeful, blatantly lying to students for votes
Separate but equal?
Question about campaigning.
UC Berkeley student makes top comment in Ask.Reddit thread (x-posted)
Who is Justin Kong?
Link to previous discussion where I outlined why CalSERVE is a joke. Thought i'd be good to post it here to remind everyone
Holy shit. Comedian Chelsea Peretti has a show in Wheeler today!
Guys aren't interested in me?
free Willie Nelson concert this saturday @ the Greek!
This girl is really the front-runner for EAVP?
"CalSERVE ASUC Presidential Candidate Naweed Mohabbat Commends Current ASUC President Who Invited Hitler Name-Caller to Napolitano Meeting" These are the people who represent us.
ASUC Pres Campaign Blog: 16 Sexiest UC Berkeley Professors over 65
Any recent grads here job hunting?
Intentional Fail?
How does somebody actually go about networking?
Selling 1 Floor GA Ticket for Neutral Milk Hotel concert Wednesday night at the Fox Theater
Sprint Connectivity Issues? 4/8/14
Grant Fineman: CalSERVE presidential candidate Naweed Mohabbat has been dishonest on divestment
Grant Fineman: CalSERVE presidential candidate Mohabbat has been dishonest on divestment
Pacquiao vs Bradley II showing in/near Berkeley?
Anyone else experiencing ridiculous connectivity issues with Airbears?
Does anybody care about the ASUC elections besides the candidates themselves?
Any air-conditioned libraries with computers on campus?!
Good places to nap on campus?
UC Berkeley math professor Edward Frenkel on The Colbert Report!
Haas Biz School Blog: Locals Win $10k Investment Concept Challenge
Job opportunities for English major not pursuing grad school?
An ASUC candidate who actually wants to do something?!?!?
freaking out about apartments
How to contribute to open source as a CS major
Is taking two classes during a single summer session difficult?
Academic dishonesty
penis
Just another sunset. Berkeley, CA [OC] [5184 × 3456]
College. Berkeley, CA. [OC] [5184 × 3456]
EE40 Telebears Question
Graduating a semester early, housing options?
Cool classes to take for next semester
Is it difficult to switch colleges?
Car broken into.
Transferring from CS in L&amp;S to EECS
North side vs. South side
250 photos of the campanile stitched together
Should Berkeley raise its minimum wage to $10.47? Vote, learn about, and make comments here.
Be nice...
Does anyone have a study guide for the PMB40 Midterm this Tuesday?
House California GoT Sigil
Telebears Phase 1 -- How in the heck do they prioritize?
as a graduating senior...
Good English/Writing class to take?
Are there any CS internships left
Econ 1 over the summer?
comedian and actress Chelsea Peretti live in Berkeley this Wednesday!! (4/9)
ching chang choong ching ching?
Whether anything was done unfairly or not, I am tired of the bickering and the pettiness of the ASUC on all sides.
Aetna (non SHIP) and Tang?
Weird question...but are there any coffee shops with couches/armchairs on Southside or University?
Asians with Dyed Hair: Hair salon recommendations in Berkeley?
Anybody want to do a GOT viewing?
Spring concerned with FPF course offerings
Rooming with a friend
Music 27
taking naps
Losing offer of admission?
Public Health Alert: Measles on Campus
Rooms for rent in North Berkeley?
undergraduate eecs freshman with some questions/concerns
Why are the girls at Berkeley so fugly?
Where in Berkeley can I go watch HBO on Sunday?
Changes in Second Semester Senior Year Schedule
info about Music 20A?
PACS?
What would be the best way to increase my chance of being accepted into Berkeley?
What is happening on Hearst mining circle right now?
Where in Berkeley can I buy a cheap beanie?
FYI: About the Waitlist
Questions about the appeal process
Should I be striking today? Can someone inform us what this is about?
Best Classes You've Taken in Berkeley?
yo how hard is stat 154?
Berkeley Internet Service Provider Opinions/Advice
How do students secure such cheap apartments compared to the outrageous listings on craigslist?
Visited Cal for the first time today, I have a few questions about the campus environment
So this is my sister's new blog. Hope you all like it!
What is the platform being erected in the middle of the Hearst mining circle?
This is what happens when you don't go greek
Problem with airbears and ios?
RIP Emil Stefanov (CS grad student). Thanks for everything you've done for this campus.
UC Berkeley Graduate Student Passes Away
Incoming EECS freshman. I really need scheduling advice from experienced cal students!
summer session?
Don't have time for BearFacts or Cal Student Central?
Looking For Business/Consulting Exprience
Did anyone see those "what matters to you" posters?
Class of 2018 hasn't even started but I like them already
Does anyone else feel like our ASUC is a joke and campus politics is retarded? In particular, the CalSERVE party is fucking stupid
Interesting upper-division humanities courses?
Any biology majors at Berkeley? Mind answering a few questions?
Help with apartment hunting?
UC Berkeley Graduate Students and Undergraduate Students STRIKE against intimidation!
Open-mic at Berkeley? Anyone know a place?
music that describes UC Berkeley?
Is Cal Rentals worth it?
Admitted Fall 2014, visiting in a couple days with my mom-- What should I do while I'm there??
How are the Clark Kerr dorms?
Questions from Prospective EECS Berkeley Undergraduate
Transfer to Berkeley from UCSD.
Confess.ly, where students confess and bond—like AnonCon all-year round
is there any place in Berkeley where you could purchase roasted dog?
Don't forget to sign up for Amazon Student c/o 2018!
Are there any musical performances tonight in or near Berkeley?
What are the people at UC Berkeley like? I'm a prospective grad candidate.
CompSci 172/174/176?
I normally don't vote, and probably won't, but...
For my cake day, if you need better Wi-Fi around campus, message me for a 50% discount on Wi-Fi amplifiers from a company I started in 2009 named after AirBears called BearExtender!
Thunder and Lightning
Moved into an apartment building, but I haven't received a water bill. I have water, but don't have a bill. How do I register?
Prospective engineering grad student with some questions
Telegraph Ave. scrubbed, cleaned in beautification effort — did it work?
Why are there so many crows in Berkeley?
how to get cheapest summer sublet (mid-may to mid-aug) near UC Berkeley? how to bargain? what specific time to start looking?
How hard is the transition to college?
Will one C on my transcript mess up all my chances at going to Berkeley?
Any hunters in here? Mind if I come along?
Calnet Down?
Keeping things in perspective. Berkeley, CA. [2265 x 1487]
BATHROOM ON CAMPUS
Any past/present L&amp;S CS transfer students here?
Materials Science and Engineering at Berkeley?
Exchange student incoming!
Still not enjoying my time here....help?
Weekly lunch in Berkeley?
Found an SD card in SF. Looks like Berkeley students. Anyone?
Getting Research/What do professors look for in a candidate?
Yet Another: "To Pick Cal or UCLA?" Thread
How to find a temporary living place at Berkeley
Is Bioengineering at UCB really this lenient in terms of grading?
How long does it take for the calnet id (bearfacts, bmail, etc.) to become active for incoming grad students?
Class of 2018 to current students Ask Us Anything! - hosted by ChemE Class of 2016
What's going on in Berkeley right now?
Finding dog-friendly housing?
How to know if the place I rent have good management
New Charging Bear Logo Sticker?
Appeals process
Cal Sweater
Looking for a 2 bedroom apt for less than $1600, can anyone help?
How is financial disbursed?
Is there any data on what percentage of students who accept the wait list offer end up being admitted to Berkeley?
Help with some courses?
How long does it take for the Certificate of Completion to be issued?
Does Berkeley offer Office 365 subscriptions to its students?
Dropping out of a sorority?
So I looked up the crime rates at Berkeley, and surrounding areas... Is it really that bad?
How is the Architecture program here in Berkeley?
While living in the Berkeley Student Cooperative, I served three terms as the Member Advocate. AMA about members' rights, members' responsibilities, BSC policy, AdCom, ConCom, terminations, payment arrangements, or gripes you are having with the organization.
New Admit Question Thread
math at Berkeley
Berkeley, college admissions, sadness
Berkeley Art Studio?
Fall Program for Freshman Question
As a music major, may I take classes in Biology, Chemistry, etc.?
Anyone have an Iphone on Sprint/Ting?
LEGO® CUUSOO | LEGO Campanile, University of California, Berkeley
are students allowed to go to class naked?
Berkeley finally proposing to fix the Gilman Street / I80 intersection by adding roundabouts on both sides of the freeway. The estimated cost is a whopping $15.7 million for the two roundabouts.
Oldest Known Footage from UC Berkeley (1928 football game vs. USC)
International Studies Breadth Requirement?
Looking for an eager student who wants to make $15/hr
Econ majors...what jobs can you get?
what restaurant will host 40 people?
Did anyone else get this 'spam' email?
Pol Econ vs Env Econ?
studentQuest, a website launched by Berkeley students, seeks to improve the on and off-campus collaboration and lets college students monetize their skills and talents
Students of Berkeley, A Researcher Across the Country Needs Your Help
Has anyone taken Concepts of Physics or Cell Biology at UC Berkeley Extension online?
Candidate forum for 15th Assembly District this Wednesday in Berkeley moderated by Josh Richman of Bay Area News Group (district includes Albany, Berkeley, El Cerrito, Emeryville, Oakland, Richmond &amp; more)
Where to find fellow Chillwave enthusiasts in Berkeley
Summer Housing
New construction behind Stanley?
Overnight parking on Southside?
To all Financial Engineering students and graduates!
Even though winter is officially over...calm before the next storm.
Don't Let The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Overwhelm Free Speech On Campus
[SURVEY] Doing a research paper that requires me to get some original research. 8 Questions, fast. Thanks for considering!
Have any recommendations for long road trips and awesome adventures for Spring Break?
BERKLEY VALE KEEPS ERINA AT BAY
Where to study over spring break?
How accurate is the data on UCB's Career Center on what the seniors do after they graduate?
Extended Spring Recess? Troll?
Co-ops? Anyone willing to share their experiences with living in one?
Anyone here willing to share their co-op experience?
Help Mikaela (Cal alum with Stage 4 kidney cancer)
Will Cloyne be a good co-op to study in next semester?
Excursions out to the greater bay area?
Aerial photos of the Berkeley Skate Park
Has anyone seen this plant in Berkeley? If so, where?
Chemical suicide victim (from Durant shutdown earlier this week) was UC Berkeley professor emerita
Do Cal students want farm fresh produce?
Chemical suicide victim (from Durant closure earlier in the week) was UC Berkeley professor
How to meet more people/make more friends?
Sorority rush as a non-transfer junior next fall...?
Has anyone seen a plant like this in Berkeley? If so, where?
We are UC Berkeley students. Ask us anything!
What's your favorite after-midterm/finals snack? (NOT BOBA)
Downtown Berkeley BART station experiences?
Deferring Mechanical Engineering MS/PhD admission
Haven't found many submissions for UC Berkeley on Drawmyprofessor.com
Have any of you heard about HOODSLAM? It's some pretty bad ass wrestling event that takes place in Oakland that includes eccentric wrestlers like "Drugz Bunny."
Recording of Senator Rand Paul speaking at Berkeley Forum
Political Science Suggestions
Transfer Students (and Earth Science majors)...
Did anyone got an interview from NICE system?
Rand Paul, Republican presidential hopeful, finds support in Berkeley, of all places
Sharing notes for Poli Sci 179
March Madness Bracket Pools
What's all the yelling on Sproul about?
Would you recommend Berkeley?
Interview with Campanile Carillonist
STD testing at Tang Center?
Whenever I'm working on bSpace and I decide to take a quick break
ASUC Elections are coming up! Make sure to vote!
Transferring AP Credits
Condoms fall out all over Cal's campus.
Cloyne Court is now officially a Substance-Free Academic Theme House.
Russians/Ukranians at Berkeley?
Urban foraging etiquette? -- so many lemon trees!
Google sued for data-mining students’ email (x-post from r/technology)
What happened on Durant?
Why is /u/highliter such a shitty person?
Well, it’s the end of Nicholas Dirks’s first semester as Berkeley Chancellor, so why not offer him some unsolicited advice?
Free bagels and ukulele lessons Wednesday morning 9am-11am!
What's going on ??
Easy Arts&amp;Literature and Physical Science Breadth?
Anyone going to Tycho concert in SF on Thursday??
Please help! I lost an angel brooch and I was wondering if you've seen it anywhere around campus.
If you have 20k, how would you use it to generate income? :D
Has anyone took stats135 from a CS background
Cant find my Tele-Bears appointment on Cal Central
Graduate student housing suggestions
Asian-American senators to prevent UC affirmative action proposal from being put on the November statewide ballot
Studying abroad - how fluent do you become?
Way to delete your post because it was getting negative comments!
Way to delete your video because it was getting bad comments.
Why does no one use this?
Hilarious "The Wolf of Wall Street" parody video for Berkeley senate candidate Ori Herschmann!
Hilarious "The Wolf of Wall Street" pardoy video for Berkeley Senate Candidate Ori Herschmann
Can anyone suggest a good seafood restaurant in Berkeley? Thanks!
Who is teaching CS61A in Fall 2014?
To someone currently living in the apartments in Martinez: can I see your apartment today?
Fall 2014 schedule is out!
GPA and Telebears Appt?
Has your experience at Cal been a positive one?
Does anyone know the names of the bands playing tonight in the BAM courtyard?
Fire breaks out at Cal Student Store around 10:30am Saturday Morning; Store closed until Tuesday to asses Damages
Fire breaks out at Cal Student Store around 10:45am Saturday Morning; Store closed until Tuesday to asses Damages
Fire breaks out at Cal Student Store on Saturday morning
Best night life around Berkeley?
Bikes on Shattuck Ave.?
Giving a tour of campus and areas nearby on Saturday for a friend, any suggestions or fun facts?
Looking for Summer Housing
How to ignore the Rescomp 40GB/wk bandwidth limit
Berkeley Student Cooperative Board of Directors votes to make Cloyne a Substance Free Academic Theme House
Free TALIB KWELI and BLUE SCHOLARS concert tonight on the glade!
This is Berkeley
This woman is legit!!!—PhD student reforming CS education
Overweight Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Needed for Online Study (the in-person aspects can be done in Berkeley)
UC board to consider making Cloyne Court drug-free
Announcing the Bitcoin Association of Berkeley
Several Berkeley professors from Nuclear Engineering are doing an AMA on r/science today!
Are you interested in meeting new and different people who will listen to you if you are ever having any problems or feeling stressed? Look no further! Check out www.Confess.ly!
Interested in Studying Abroad? Come to the Unit 1 APR at 7pm TOMORROW for more information, brought to you by UCEAP and the ASUC Student Advocate's Office!
REGISTER TO VOTE IN BERKELEY -- Councilmember Worthington is successful in blocking student district - issue will now go on the November ballot.
On AC Transit, how can you tell which stops are "request stops" and which are normal ones?
If you only had 1 day to spend in Berkeley, what would you do?
Opinions on Wesley House?
Brett Tanonaka: "The beautiful thing about sex is that there is a plethora of options to spice things up. My favorite? Making a porno."
Any Magic The Gathering Players?
Anyone own a galaxy nexus?
Being a reader for a summer CS class?
Transfer apps return in 38 days. Chance me?
Great app to see where you stand in a course before exams. Lets you track all your grades, due dates, and projected final grades. FREE for limited time! (made by a student)
"Inequality for All" (with professor Reich) on Netflix instant now
Professor Frenkel on Numberphile again.
The ASUC Student Advocate's Office is hosting a Scholarship Workshop TOMORROW at 7PM in the Unit 1 APR
Bartable Oakland meetup on Thursday 13 March, 7:30 pm
Help with a book?
Yo r/berkeley! Check out my CMV! It features my experiences at Berkeley :)
Any comedians in here? Open mic night this Wednesday
Titanfall anyone?
bar activities by day of the week
Help me figure out how to transfer my bmail to gmail using POP3 fetching? Please?
Martinez Apartments
All past and present ISF students, who is the best major adviser?
looking for a computer science roommate for summer and fall.
Starting A Band
What kind of job can engineering physics major get?
I can haz job at Google?
Mountain Lions?
(Still) Looking for a Male Roommate for shared room!
Engineers Week Monday-Friday; come out for talks by CEOs, fun, competitions, networking, food and many more!
its that time of the semester...
Spring Break activities?
Free clean Webber BBQ on Dana St between Woolsey and 66th St.
For new grad software engineers, what language did you regret not learned in college?
CS 184 midterm
Racism at Berkeley?
Why did the police shut down the Cloyne party?
Are there any bars that don't card around telegraph ave?
Has anyone ever had experience asking a roommate to leave?
Noah Kulwin: the idea that STEM majors have a vastly more secure path to steady, long-term post-college employment than other college grads is mostly bullshit.
racist white people at berkeley
Should I take E7 if I already took 61A
comedy open mic night @ pappy's this wednesday!!
Withdrawal from UC Berkeley
Intersection of Telegraph and Bancroft
Where can I get my senior portrait done?
Find your match at Berkeley! &lt;3 submit profile by the deadline. http:///www.SingleSphere.com/cal
Feeling a bit down, miss Berkeley, and I was hoping a current student could help out with a small request.
I plan on visiting, so I made a (very) rough map of all the Residential Preferential Parking Zones!
If you've never heard of Broun Fellinis, they're sort of Bay Area legends, and they're playing tonight at the Starry Plough
Cast and crew jobs for Berkeley-based short film. Apply now!
Has anyone else seen this mysterious white rabbit on the corner of Haste and Telegraph that I took a blurry photo of?
Bay Area Homemade Market - March 8th! Features local Cottage Food businesses making artisan food out of their homes. Come meet the makers, sample and buy these unique, local, small-batch foods.
"Soda Tax" in Berkeley?
UC Santa Cruz Students Shut Down Registrar, Occupy Hahn Student Services Building in protest of Napolitano's appointment as UC President. Here is a Live stream. PLEASE SHARE
SpoonRocket Deal on Groupon ($10 for $20 SR credit or $20 for $45 SR credit)
Does anyone know of a decent ceramics studio?
Best gluten-free options in Berkeley?
Anyone attending the Wright Institute in Berkeley?
Berkeley Bathroom Philosophy
Needed(Will pay): Someone competent with electrical wiring/circuits and someone with 3D animation experience
Hello Berkeley a Graduate students. Can you describe what living on/off campus is like? I'll be there in the fall.
Do you guys know when Telebears appointments come out?
How to get rid of a large couch - what options do I have?
What/where is the most accessible 24/7 hospital?
Jason Bateman thinks Cal might be a fun place to learn. *swoon*
Does anyone have any experience or details on making your own major?
Mysterious Dinosaur Hoodie
How I feel walking on Telegraph sometimes (x-post r/funny)
The National and Portugal the Man show
Anyone tried munchery before are they any good?
Moving to berkeley in august
Love thy sister | The Daily Californian
THE 2014 BERKELEY DRINKING GUIDE
Does a landlord have to reimburse me for plumbing?
Ash Wednesday Mass Times
Bi-monthly Berkeley social gathering?
Been applying to internships since January and have had no luck :/ Need Advice
Where to tailor clothing and buy a nice tie?
Tips on how to meet new ppl/make more friends? And advice on clubs?
Does anyone with Comcast internet having problems connecting to the internet?
UC Berkeley's Sexual Assault Resolution Process Is Shockingly Inept
Just 1 Berkeley restaurant on Top 100 Places to Eat list
Do I really need CS 70 for CS 188?
Elderly street person dies in People's Park.
Hungry and with car
Incessant croaking near Dwight b/t Telegraph &amp; Dana
EECS people are sutpid
Anyone have experience with the Manville apartments?
almost got ran over at Euclid &amp; Hearst, if anyone has seen it, any extra information is helpful, thanks!
Extract notes/highlights from PDFs
Lost wallet found in downtown Oakland (x-post from /r/bayarea)
To those of you who are getting bad grades
Need advice for applying software internship
Long-term parking at southside?
Family Members Of Measles-Infected BART Rider Fall Ill
The FAFSA is due tomorrow, March 2! Don't forget to fill it out!
Any intramural soccer team still need 1 more player?
LF Duo Partner. Gold V
When can I apply to be a reader for a summer CS class?
Where to live in Berkeley over the summer?
Scantron 882's- where do I get these? Can I just buy 2 singles?
11 real or imaginary rules UC Berkeley students follow
Lost Blade Runner umbrella
Is your name Molly? Do you know any Mollys who might have lost something near Piq in downtown Berkeley?
Is anyone looking for a job in tech? My company is hiring
Really Berkeley?
UC Berkeley's premier sustainable fashion show is coming March 13th. Create your own fashion with unconventional materials. Reused. Recycled. Repurposed.
How a bad day starts (spotted on Dwight).
Housing Prices for an Exchange Student
Cheeseboard is #16 place to eat in the US
Want to go to parties and have fun...but none of my friends are into that?..
Room available at Channing Bowditch!
MH3U anyone
Affirmative Action and the '15 Cent Sticker
To the person who stole my headphones...
Any of you bears going to the Gambino concert in Oakland in a few hours?!
Have an extra Dr Dog floor ticket for Saturday in SF
As Long as "National Treasure" isn't on
PSA: regarding energy drinks.
Now that SpoonRocket no longer delivers past 12...what are places that deliver food really late at night?
Daily Cal affirmative action op-eds; who has the more persuasive argument?
Producers of ABC's 'Shark Tank' scout talent at UC Berkeley Haas School of Business
Is there resource to get HAM amateur radio license on campus
Need advice with physics 112
Places in Berkeley that have mozzarella stick?
Berkeley students allege university mishandles sexual assault cases
TCHO is moving to Berkeley!
Grey-haired townies, lead by City Council member Kriss Worthington, continue efforts to block creation of student district.
Another "I need friends" post: where can I see the clubs that are available on campus?
I made a public Facebook event, click attending, just for the hell of it.
Why STEM majors are superior to humanities majors
Fuck Affirmative Action, Fuck Legacy Admits
Work at Berkeley - looking for a roommate, apartment or sublet!
SpoonRocket is now $8 a meal.
Why the fuck should I care about janitors or lunch ladies?
mid-(berkeley) life crisis?
Pianists at Cal, help out some CS160 students and earn $15!
Any experience with Welders around Berkeley? Where would you recommend?
Things to do around Berkeley for an out-of-towner over the summer
Hailey Yook: Boys' chivalry is probably sexist and "maybe better off left in the dark ages"
(Still) Looking for a male roommate for a shared room!
Now accepting applications for Summer RAs, Security Monitors and Academic Center Assistants: Great jobs for anyone taking classes over the simmer
New to Berkeley: Resource for good nearby restaurants for a date
Does anyone need some 882-E scantrons? I have a bunch and don't know what to do with them.
What are your plans for spring break?
PSA: possible phishing attack on bmail accounts.
Hey where can I get one of these chains?
U.C. Employees To Strike on March 3.
At city hall, Oakland can follow Berkeley's lead
Berkeley Prof Robert Reich: WhatsApp is everything wrong with the U.S. economy
Chris Ategeka, double degree-earning Cal grad and Ugandan orphan who is now on Forbes' 30 Under 30 list, is currently doing an AMA.
Any decent pick-up soccer in Berkeley?
Missed Midterm
never gets old...
rejected for the 15th time...
Chances of getting in to Berkeley?
Some girl just got tackled by cops on campus at the corner of University and Shattuck
Just got my backpack stolen from inside Sliver
[Request] Interview with a student at UC Berkeley
CS 5 year BS/MS program admission rate?
Geocachers
Opinion: UC Berkeley would make $160m per year if it operated a patent profit office
An amazing piece of analysis produced by Evolve Media and the #GlobalPOV project at the Blum Center for Developing Economies at the University of California, Berkeley.
Shame on STEM majors for being apolitical
SOCIO3AC: Looking for interviewee! :)
I want to transfer from the University of Wisconsin to Berkeley to study EECS/CS. Does anyone have any advice?
Janet Napolitano: During my visit to UC Berkeley’s campus, students read angry letters to me and walked out before I could utter a word.
Janet Napolitano: During my visit to UC Berkeley’s campus, students read angry letters to me walked out before I could utter a word.
Tech shift: More women in computer science classes
Why is the helicopter circling west Berkeley right now (5:45pm)??
Silencing the Scientist: Cal Professor Tyrone Hayes on Being Targeted by Herbicide Firm Syngenta
Studying abroad at SciencesPo Paris
Berkeley could soon have the best minimum wage in the nation, thanks to students
NEED HELP finding a 4 unit class- drop deadline today
SOCIO3AC: Looking for informant to interview!
Any dentist recommendation?
Berkeley College Republican Jacob F. Grant says "young people ... are largely liberal until they are 'mugged by reality'"
Join Us at the Tibetan Aid Project For a Live stream of the Dalai Lama's Talk!
Berkeley student defeats Harvard, Middlebury students to win Jeopardy! semifinal
Looking for a Male roommate for a shared room!
Hopeful math transfer
UC Berkeley student accused in beating, gay slur
Experiences with CPS
Saw this guy at a Starbucks in Castro Valley a while back. I think I'm going to be sick...
Gah, Onions.
Looking for women for a co-ed soccer team in Berkeley/Albany
To whoever found my check on campus
Brett Tanonaka: "first heterosexual male Sex on Tuesday writer in four years"
Internships for Econ majors?
Berkeley to kill squirrels, gophers at Cesar Chavez Park
People with parents/family far away-- Will your parents coming for graduation?
Anyone going to EDC LV this year?
NIMBY Berkeley townies complain about proposed design for new Cal Engineering building.
Where's the best Mexican food in Berkeley?
Police investigate possible suicide on Berkeley High School campus
[Oak] Beer and Friendly Gibberish, Fauna Bar, Thurs 20 Feb 19:00
Engineering/Math/Physics major? Want a TI-89 on your android phone? YSK about graph89
Has anyone had problems with windows 8/8.1 connecting to airbears/airbears2 and know how to fix the problem?
Young Geo Professionals Happy Hour @ 21st Amendment Brewery, Tuesday Feb 18th 5:30 - 7:30pm, San Francisco, CA
MIMS Program, Fall 2014 @ the I School
Stolen Motorcycle On Hearst Ave. Outside Koshland Hall
Advice for summer
Financial aid for extra semesters?
Non-campus options for therapy?
Anywhere on campus to study 24/7?
hopeful transfer needs advice
If I get into Discussion, does it mean I get into Lecture?
/r/berkeley, there is a Husky that desperately needs your help.
feeling lonely/miserable. EECS major, age 21, can't decide which girl to date since i have 14 options
I got bored in Dwinelle...
Moving to Berkeley between May-June, looking for roommates
I say we get rid of the "other subreddits" module on the main page
Feeling lonely/miserable. CS senior, 22 years old, and I'm a virgin, never had a gf, never kissed, have been rejected by every girl i've asked out :( Any advice please? (Sorry, this is very long. Thanks very much for your time)
Persian / Middle Eastern classes for CoE requirement?
Cheap hotels/motels?
Any early Genesis fans?
Need Ethernet cables for Hack-a-thon
Can I make it in?
Is there an easy way to plan my major online?
No PG&amp;E, 8AM on a Saturday is NOT Jackhammer Time!
Photos the Berkeley Marina oil spill
Why STEM students are superior to humanities students
One of the top athletes in the world competes in Berkeley and you don't even know his name. Russell Baze.
Looking for Ent buddies
Anyone Driving to LA today?
Tennis anyone?
CDC writeup on the UC Berkeley Mumps outbreak
Berkeley student says humanities majors are "useles[s] to society"; do most Berkeley engineers share this opinion?
Berkeley Activism
Let's get Dtella@Berkeley active again!
No To NapolitaNO! — The Blum Center Takeover Manifesto
Students protest UC President Janet Napolitano's visit to campus Thursday
Xpost from r/offbeat: Good Samaritan Backfire: How I Ended Up in Solitary After Calling 911 for Help
BART Measles outbreak
I'm so glad I get to live next to Oakland
Advice about asking for letters of rec?
Former GSI suspected of sexual assault; UCPD asks other victims to come forward
Response from EECS student - thoughts?
Why should I care that Napolitano is president?
Why should I give a fucking shit that Napolitano is president?
Asian frats at Cal?
Would Berkeley be worth it for someone from out of state(Pa)?
John Oliver roasts techies and Silicon Valley. Thoughts?
UCB Glitterati
Apartment Hunting Thread
Breaking U-Lock
Wealth &amp; Poverty Discussion Question
Take a free ride courtesy of Lyft!
Those who get financial aid, what is the verification process like?
Cheapest optician in Berkeley for eye exam and contact lens fitting?
BCC Summer Classes
Lost item found near Durant Hall
Looking for AirBnb,Couch Surfing Expert!
Awesome Opportunity for Berkeley Students to Lobby on Education Issues
SF Pillow Fight on Friday (i.e. VDay). Anyone else down?
Where to buy Apple Earbuds?
What's happening on campus right now? 8:54 a.m. [fire trucks, police cars, etc?]
What do we do if we're just adding a class now.
Are there any pick-up soccer/flag football/whatever sport on Saturday mornings?
Switch section while waitlisted?
Does anyone know if the fire trail behind Memorial Stadium is runnable after the rain?
cal1card debit after graduation?
Looking for post by Berkeley restaurant worker about tipping
Freshman looking for info on Martinez Commons!
Applying for jobs on Callisto
Daily Cal survey on anal sex frequency between majors
Pls help, I need a bit of advice!
Serenade that special someone Mexican style by Cal's Mariachi!
Daily Cal survey on sex frequency between majors
Joining a club sport...which ones take beginners?
How much do you think you'll make after graduation?
CS61C and CS70 over the Summer?
Speed dating during Valentine's in Berkeley?
tax question: does this lower or increase my tax return?
Quieter times for the RSF pools
Anybody else feel like spoonrocket has been slipping lately?
Learn to dance?
Looking for someone to buy zachary's pizza. I'll pay for a large pie and you can eat to your fill
Berkeley symphony orchestra concert: dress up?
TIL Wurster Hall falls under a somewhat popular style of architecture called "Brutalist"
People saying, "I've heard of that place..." when referring to Berkeley. Coincidence?
Anyone know of an available indoor workout spot for tomorrow?
Looking for a ride to Mendocino county valentines day weekend.
Has anyone taking IEOR 190D or IEOR190G?
Anyone else find this Daily Cal article a bit sensationalist?
Valentines Day in Berkeley?
OP delivers on the KFC
Ted Agu Dead: Cal Football Player Dies At 21
Looking for Graduate Student(s) to Interview
Dance Floors / Ballet Barres on Campus?
Anyone want to go to KFC - I'll buy you something if you drive
Warning to computer users in the Berkeley/San Pablo area
Apartment internet
Chess boxing club
SF Beer Week @ Pyramid Alehouse BK: Dodge Balls, Drink Beers; RAD League Dodgeball Tournament
Chancellor Dirks is down with #selfies! #gobears!
Berkeley In Shock After Cal Football Player Dies
Desperate for a 2 unit class to reach the required minimum. HELP!
Trying to walk through Sproul when you're late for class
Cal DE Ted Agu dies at age 21
Cal football player Ted Agu found dead. No details yet.
Auto detailing in Berkeley? Hand-wash + wax?
Place to watch the Olympics?
Tutor for CHEM 104B?
Can anyone recommend a tailor?
Who wants to Play Soccer W 6-8PM?
T-Mobile in Berkeley
T-mobile and Main Stacks
Daily Cal poll-which major has the most sex?
It's just not fair...
After listening to Robert Reich speak about the increasing inequality gap in America today, I feel inspired to make a change.
What to put on my resume?
Free Health &amp; Wellness Class beginning this Sunday
HIV outbreak in Fiji?
expert with stata?
How to have more of a social life?
Air raid siren just now?
Do upper division math/stats classes always fill up?
Looking for Current or Former Students to Interview for Project
Buying TedxBerkeley ticket
Anyone know how to easily sign in using your calnet id with an iphone/ipad?
Hiring Cal Students for Macworld Conference March 27 to March 29 (Spring Break job)
My First Semester at Berkeley [Repost from Facebook]
Transferring to Berkeley.... Help?
Valentine's Ideas
RHETORIC R1A or R1B: Does anyone have the syllabus for both or either of these classes from any year?
Mission Impossible: Deliver flowers to Loved one
The Jazz/Blues/Bluegrass Lounge of UC Berkeley
How long until you get a reimbursement for overpaying tuition/fees?
Looking for an IAS 106 Studygroup/Tutor
Any recommendations on bicycle repair shops in the campus area?
Local small-batch artisan wheat
CZ vs Cloyne (vs Stebbins?)
Marshawn Lynch Super Bowl 48 Locker Room Dance (Full)
Need A GoalKeeper For Monday Indoor League
[Oak] Beer and Friendly Gibberish, The Telegraph, Thurs 6 Feb 19:00
I'm a Berkeley student, and my entry is a finalist in the New Yorker Caption Contest! Help me win one for Cal!
Berkeley EECS confused at what to do.
I saw seven cop cars next to Crossroads and a bunch of cops talking to some guys sitting down. What was happening?
Cal Basketball: Justin Cobbs game winner against #1 Arizona (TV broadcast; includes both court rushes)
Bringing other-school guests to student section in basketball games?
Richard Solomon after beating #1 Arizona
Students rush the court as Cal makes history, upsets #1-ranked Arizona 60-58
The UC Botanical Garden has some tall-ass cacti.
Smash Bros Practice
Number 1 Arizona falls to Cobbs and the Golden Bears
Printing Textbooks?
Intramural Flag Football vs Speed Soccer
Any other Bears going to Coachella Weekend 1?
Looking for a ticket to tonight's game vs. Arizona! Willing to pay $$$
Free Amazon 2 Day Shipping for 6 Months with .edu email
How hard is it to sublet out my apartment during the summer months?
Maybe there's a way to make entering and exiting the downtown BART station pleasant...
I'm starting an east bay trivia team, win free beer!
tax return in Berkeley
Come audition for my favorite a cappella group on campus!
ASTRONOMY C10 HOMEWORK HELP!
Cal Snapchat: Best, Brightest, &amp; Beautiful, Let's show it off ladies
Rampant scam email, any solution?
"Last Warning" from UA Web Portal?
What are some good scenic shoot locations around campus?
anyone have a cat?
Dalai Lama coming to Berkeley!
Come celebrate Chinese New Year with us: we're holding a banquet Saturday with many performances, including one by David Choi!
"Going where you wheel" - Telegraph Ave and Berkeley lead the way for accessible sidewalks - history, photos
A conversation with Top Dog's most memorable employee
bSpace announcements don't get forwarded to my email. Help please!
Lost Keys
short film to capture UC Berkeley's flavor. need actor/actress
Place to buy old exams?
If anyone needs something 3D printed, or designed, I can help.
Any BB King fans out there?
Alexis's talk from earlier tonight. I hope he doesn't mind! Its a recording from a phone so excuse the poor quality.
Alex's talk from earlier tonight. I hope he doesn't mind! Its just a recording from my phone so excuse the poor quality.
Anyone have experience with finding a math tutor?
Marshawn Lynch on Growing Up in Oakland
Thanks for coming Alexis, and good luck on your book tour!
Can we still ship things to the dorm address even if we don't live there anymore?
Recommendations for clubs, especially hidden ones who don't flier as often?
I am aspiring bear. What do I need to do to make it in?
Overweight Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Needed for Online Study (the in-person aspects can be done in Berkeley)
Tips for the upcoming Career Fair 2014?
hey Bears, reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian here -- I'm coming to your campus today for a talk in Wheeler Auditorium at 7 p.m (with alum Jason Wang of TryCaviar.com)-- AMA!
Going Under 12 Units Graduating Senior (CoE)
Still need another unit? or want to take an awesome class? Take Poli Sci 179
Taking unusual languages?
Hitting on girls in the RSF, yay or nay?
Meetup/party?!
Anyone with a Chegg account that can help?
Buying bus pass
Not a good way to start the semester.
South side power outage
Commuting to Berkeley?
How does free agency work for IM Sports?
For those living in the living room, what do you use to make it your own room?
Working on CS projects hours before its due
Alumni, are you able to send emails from your berkeley email address after converting it to a free forwarding account?
Anyone know where to find free meals this week?
How do Grad Schools/law schools weight grades?
BARE TROUPE AUDITIONS TODAY! HELP!
Building a website: what host?
What are the most wonderful things you've encountered at Berkeley?
Has anyone used Engineering 120 to satisfy the engineering humanities requirements?
Someone please tell me that the dude who passed out in the RSF just now is ok.
Bears please help a fellow forest creature out!
I'm sad my favorite NFL team isn't making it to the Super Bowl. But at least we can support one of the greatest Cal Alumni.
Academic collaboration: cochlea expert wanted
Fraternity Rankings Spring 2014
Summer Opportunities for Freshmen?
Did anyone got this email TIMELY MESSAGE FROM UHS?
Whatever happened to "The Berkeley Journal Project?"
Separate subreddit for the city of Berkeley?
How is it that our advisors aren't held responsible for what they f*cking tell us?
Hey Berkeley, here are two photos I took of Memorial Stadium at sunset.
Open-gym volleyball at the RSF?
Last semester at Cal: Checklists? Recommendations?
Activists target Google employee at his Berkeley home
Encounter with old Chinese guy asking personal questions
Do you actually need stats 134 and 135 for 154?
Trying to get into fitness...anyone want to help me out in the weight room?
Do you actually need stats 134 and 135 for 154?
An open letter to the UC President regarding recent schedule changes.
How to study ME106 with Marcus?
Horny young male sophomore...
Interested in School Psychology @ Berkeley? There is a SP conference at IHouse on Friday, March 21st
Interested in School Psychology @ Berkeley? There is a SP conference being at IHouse on Friday, March 21st
Tips for house hunting?
Cal Football: GoPro Aerials of Campus
FYI: Reddit co-founder to come to Berkeley
Reddit co-founder addresses Berkeley, incites rivalry, calls Stanford "a bunch of trees." Truth.
Simplest Way to Sell Books: Simplist
Money makes you mean?
Getting into CS 189 with a B in 188?
Crime at Cal — Visualizing crime reports at UC Berkeley
Looking for cheap and efficient internet providers
Callisto Alumni Advantage
Berkeley Police Honor Boy, 10, Who Helped Find Missing Man
Will I die in 14 units that all involve coding?
Looking for a sense of community at Cal....
Anyone here majoring in MCB track II: Biological Chemistry
CalCentral - campus info anywhere and anytime
Winter Break Cut to Two Weeks
Looking to make a quick $30? College Student Apartments needs a little help from a Cal Berkley student with their Marketing campaign.
Councilmember Kriss Worthington Blocks Student District in Desperate Attempt to Maintain Power
[CalCentral](http://newscenter.berkeley.edu/2014/01/21/calcentral-offers-all-your-campus-info-anywhere-anytime/) campus info anywhere, anytime
Frenkel talks about math on Numberphile
We've got a D coordinator: Art Kaufman
Protestors fight gentrification by demonstrating outside the home of Google developer and blocking the Ashby BART Google Bus
Protestors fight gentrification by demonstrating outside the home of Google developer and by blocking the Ashby BART Google Bus
Automatic Waitlist
Boarding at a Coop
I'm against gay marriage and the gay lifestyle, oppose abortion, disapprove of drugs and alcohol, and love God. Will I fit in at Cal? What are some good Asian churches?
Any recommendation for classes about World Economy?
Waitlist chances?
Wellness classes?
Easiest Upper Division Electives For ECON major.
Hey, who's down to jam?
Classes just started today. Do you have a school-related question? Ask here!
Spam Email Verification
they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my FB feed)
Lost Dog, Please Help (X-Post r/oakland)
Check out this website I made that allows students to search/post lost Cal1 Cards!
IT'S BACK TO SCHOOL TIME YALL!
Male student wanted for double room sublet (rent effectively $760/month)
Very confused about how to enroll in an online course
Telebears: how to check waitlist for lab?
Cal students: Play Music and Drink Beers
EECS People: Is there anywhere on campus where I can use a JTAG interface?
W2's for UC Berkeley employees?
Testing and Refining Scientific Theories course offered by Berkeley Compass Project
Off Campus Printing
Question regarding Environmental Economics major electives
I'm a fucking failure.
Visiting dorms tomorrow. What's parking like?
MIL AFF 1 Class?
Study buddy?
Does physics137B with Wohl follow Griffith's textbook?
Anyone want to join a book club for UCB students?
Theatre10 Audition?
Anyone have addy 20xr?
TIL that the Wiki entry for Evans is the second result in a Google search for "suicide".
Date ideas around Berkeley?
Bad luck CS major
Created At berkeley CS undergrads, a tool to share stuff, lets ask our professors to use this for slide shows
Jahvid Best returning to Cal as student assistant coach
Need a case interview partner?
Amazon is offering 6 months free prime with a .edu email
are buildings like wheeler open this weekend?
cal.berkeley.edu email forwarding
Hey r/berkeley Amazon is doing a promotion for free prime membership for college students. Thats free 2 day shipping!
What's the best barber shop for a men's cut in town?
UC Berkeley receives a record number of applications for fall admission (73,711 applications)
Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian coming to UC Berkeley Jan 28!
Does UCB offer a discounted or free version of MATLAB for students?
Has anybody taken Astro 121 or EPS 130?
How do I print things?
Los Angeles area Cal fans attending or planning on attending the Cal USC men's basketball game next Wednesday (1/22)
California drought: Jerry Brown declares emergency, asks public to ration water
DAE read books?
When does the Fall 2013 class pass expire?
Congress puts hold on sale of Berkeley’s main Post Office
PSA: Watch out for College Works Painting
Berkeley Is Running Circles Around SF in Housing
Haas and Econ majors: where do you stand on the political spectrum?
Suits is coming to Berkeley!
Looking for some new bay area music.
Free Amazon 2 Day Shipping for 6 Months with .edu email
Super quick and easy ECONOMICS question?
Easiest breadth class ever?
Has anyone gotten new glasses with SHIP?
CHEAP Single Available!
The hardest part about my entire UC Berkeley education is...
Waitlist #101
TIL Cal students are popular shooting targets in AZ
Le Petit Cheval Closed
One of my professors has yet to post my grade.
Hip-Hop / Alternative artists? Collaborations?
CSSC Big Trip 2013 - Breckenridge, CO
Pros/Cons of digital versus physical versions of books?
Homeless tonight in Berkeley.
Keenan Allen Named NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year
Price of triples changed for 2014? Should financial aid compensate?
GSI Appointment Question
Does anyone know where I can find the based god?
Gunshots on Northside?
Looking for running buddies!
Unsubsidized Loan Deadline
Cal football subreddit /r/calfootball
Public Economics with Professor Saez
Has anyone had their fin aid dispersed yet?
How was your International Breadth?
My maps for a hypothetical Berkeley Metro system [OC] (x-post from r/bayarea)
Blue and Gold (x-post from r/pics)
Do you have to live in the dorms?
TSHIRT Homage to TOP DOG
Anyone return to the dorms?
Free website with customized calendars, planners, to-do lists?
DeSean Jackson had $250k in cash, $125k in jewelry, and 2 semi-automatic guns stolen from his home
Berkeley is a dangerous place at night :(
Help! Quick question about NinjaCourses?
Anyone here have any experience with work-study? Especially the food service worker?
Does anyone have sheet music for the Cal fight song? Big "C"?
How will Gov. Brown's proposed funding for UCs for 2014-15 affect Cal in both short and long run?
Where do we nominate new mic men chants? (X-Post from r/videos)
Where to live as a freshman in the spring?
Is Econ 101A and Econ100A possibly complementary
Immediate Housing until August
The College of Chemistry handbook says that its students must graduate in 4 years except ChE transfers must graduate in 2.5 years. College of Engineering says that a student must graduate within 4 years. How strictly are these rules enforced? What happens if they cannot finish in 4 years?
Cali Roots Festival?
What's a good website to buy used textbooks?
Why the hell do we have affirmative action?
Any Student Film Makers Looking To Be In A Film Festival?
With ~500 parents at UC Berkeley (and a bunch more who live here), I thought I'd share an article written today about our new children's book shop in North Berkeley.
Help Cal win at least $10k for Scholarships!
Get paid to be stimulated ;)
coachella?
Is anyone else having trouble with their Bearpass on AC Transit?
Will blue and gold still apply for 5th years?
Working out at the RSF
Pol Sci 179 with Ross. Is there a final?
3 upperdiv CS workload 169+188+ee122
Awesome Jeopardy Question
Andy Buh dismissed as Cal's DC by Dykes
ETA for a response from Cal Student Central?
Sums up last semester
Thinking of rushing for a sorority in the spring....pros and cons?
Best time to hunt for an apartment for next fall?
ELI5: Why are final exams not taken in the same classroom as where the class usually meets?
The Book Of Lists
Visiting Potential Transfer Student
Economics Honor Society worth joining?
Prof Janet Yellen as the new Fed chair...impressions?
We (Spooky Flowers) just recorded and released our first full length LP "Heavy Glow" on our own budget in Oakland. 3/4 of us are UC Berkeley graduates! The album is available for FREE after putting in "$0" when it asks for payment! GO BEARS!
I'm sick of Haas and sick of my fellow peers
What's the easier upper div that aren't full yet?
Question for CS/EECS: Are instructional accounts clobbered after the semester is over, or are they saved somewhere?
Girls at UC Berkeley ugly and unattractive / weird?
Senate confirms former Berkeley professor Janet Yellen as new Fed Chair
Will there be a Calapalooza for the spring?
Help! Can't remember the website name
New York Times article on the minimum wage, written by UC Berkeley economics professor Christina Romer
Do I have to retake my D?
"No clemency for Snowden, ex-Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano says". Can we hate her now?
Looking to buy or rent beginner snowboard gear in Berkeley!
to the six people who downvoted my thread about heavy metal lovers at Cal
Trying to find a job for marketing field
Any fans of heavy metal music at Cal?
Cal students: Do you consider yourself superior to students in lower ranked colleges?
SNES at Berkeley Flea Market
Do you guys have a main "group" of friends that you chill with most of the time or scattered friends?
Questions about getting a job at ResComp.
Even the comics mock us...
Remember r/cscareerquestions
Freshman EECS looking for internships.
Musical Theatre at Cal?
Need subletter for spring semester -- double room on Ellsworth and Durant!
Jeff Tedford just got hired as an Offensive Coordinator in the NFL (Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
SOCIOLOGY MAJORS! Sociology 140 or Sociology 137?
Tips for writing a resume with no work experience?
Is it worth it to join the Alumni Association?
Yearbook Poll: What was your greatest fear while at Cal?
Looking for a CS70 tutor for the semester
Moving to Southside. Any advice, fellow bears?
The Berkeley Residences
Freshman Spring Schedule
Random Acts of Kindness Club?
Berkeley Marina
I'm a Current junior: what are my chances and what can I do to increase them?
Come on, Michigan State.
Where can I get pain meds?
Why do engineers have such amazing cocks?
Internships for an EECS Freshman
Epic party going down. 3 live bands lined up, multiple floors and rooftop.
Looking for a New Year's Eve Party
Is it possible for a liberal arts major with a good GPA to get a job in business?
This looks familiar... (x-post from r/funny)
In my opinion, liberal arts majors have no excuse to not get above a 3.75 GPA
Aspiring Entrepreneurs at Berkeley
Where can I get chorizo around Berkeley?
who else is staying up to see grades?
Petition the ASUC to ban late posting of grades!
Berk/CAL redditors still in Berktown who don't have any set NYE plans: lets do a meetup tomorrow and maybe head to the city.
Cal students, let's tear down white supremecy capitalist heteropatriarchy!
[Upvote for visibility] A serious issue plaguing the Berkeley community which I think has gone unmentioned long enough
If a class grade hasn't been released yet, should I be worried?
Let's bet on when our unreleased grades will be released within the next two weeks.
So one of my grades hasn't been posted yet, and I want to e-mail my professor and/or GSI.
For the class(es) whose grades haven't been posted yet...what grade(s) are you expecting to get?
Protesting a grade
Why do you think some professors or GSIs haven't released grades yet? What do you think they have been doing in the meantime?
PSA: Stop asking when your grades will be posted
Is it unusual that final grades have been posted for all but one of my classes?
Don't have SHIP MetLife Dental ID card/number?
Majoring in a liberal arts isn't a bad idea if you are aiming for law school
Any 49ers faithful looking for a place to watch the game next Sunday?
Next semester! Any cool organizations/clubs y'all can suggest to join?
Software Engineering jobs with CS minor.
I felt the Fall 2013 Graduation Ceremony was very inappropriate and I was borderline offended
Advice to a Summer Graduate Seeking Fall Employment?
Funding Questions for Berkeley Graduate Students
Why is John Yoo still teaching law at Berkeley?
So, why are you guys still fostering this animal?
The Value of A Liberal Arts Education
Academic Dismissal in Engineering
Taking 1 more semester at Berkeley?
Redditors still in berkeley?
Still in berkeley?
Grades and bearfacts update
Places to practice Spanish during break?
3 finals in one day. What to do?
If a grade wasn't posted by today, and ur prof asked for an extension on grading, how long do you think it will take for the grade to be up?
My class(math54) grade didn't post yet. What's going on?
How easy or hard is pol sci as a major?
What are some study tips for Physics 112
Check out the ephemeral photo sharing web app I built
Bear-Facts final grades already posted?
Infected Mushroom tonight in SF. Any Berkeley- ites down?
Anxiety living alone in an apt.
Didn't make GPA cutoff for Econ - options?
New Exchange Student
Seeking advice from students who have been dismissed from the school and have successfully returned
What's your major, year, and GPA?
Summer 2013 graduates: did you receive your diploma yet?
I know I'm not the only one here.
Question about Berkeley College of Chemistry
Failed a class and it's full on Telebears...what do I do?
ECON 101A grades. Has anyone gotten them?
Lil B "The BasedGod" - 05 Fuck Em Hosted 101 tracks! TYBG
Math 54 Final average and grade post
Does mobile data for other carries suck as much as Sprint does in Berkeley?
Taking an Incomplete for a class?
Christmas Day Incident on Durant
how prestigious is being on the dean's honor list?
Have your grades been released yet?
When will grades be posted by for Fall 2013?
What restaurants are open tonight?
Stat 131a
ITS WINTER BREAK
/r/Berkeley, not /r/Cal or /r/UCBerkeley
I had a 2.3 GPA in high school. Now i'm kicking ass at Cal
Anyone want a free, old 22" computer monitor?
Another low gpa and job prospects thread
Applied Math cluster in OR, or Pure Math with OR minor?
Math 54/CS 70 grades
My RedditGifts Secret Santa gave me a shirt from Berkeley and I have no idea what it says!
GPA Cap for Computer Science (Discussion/Opinion) Should I Be Worried?
CC Student
Prerequisite Question
"Smoke &amp; Tobacco Free" in about a week
Time to stop hating on Napolitano for no reason
Offers for EECS major with gpa under 2.5
Sublet Available for Spring 2013 at Treehaven (right across from Soda Hall and Etcheverry Hall in North Berkeley)
CC transfer and double majors
Calculated How Many Students Cheated in CS61C
Taking a class without the prereq
Things to do in Berkeley for the Bears who are local or stayed behind for break.
Anything going on tonight?
Has anyone been to Little Star Pizza on Solano?
Keenan Allen earns rookie award 3rd time ... 7 TDs and 935 yards (x-post r/nfl)
Please Help! Luggage Left Outside Near Channing-Bowditch is Missing.
Someone set a few bushes on fire by the Campanile
Hearst Gym 220 for final- where to enter?
How should I prepare for CS61A tomorrow?
Where did you find your best friends at?
CS61C drama part 2: shit has hit the fan
Looking for advice with an unstable roommate
As bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace in the fact that we were still better than every team in the SEC (proof inside)
Cap and Gown?
Just finished finals - anyone want to go get a drink?
Easiest History Breadth class
Advice for freshman who isn't quite sure what academic path he is on?
Your next hire should be from Berkeley.
Worth separating Glass / Paper for recycling in Berkeley?
Book returns for graduation.
Any Third Culture Kids here?
PSA: Great China has reopened
Having trouble making friends...would REALLY like some advice?
Does ECON 101a (Card) fail anybody?
Kind of a dumb question, but...
Replacing a NP
Semester ends and all of a sudden...
North Berkeley housing options in the spring?
HIRING: GRASS ROOTS ORGANIZERS FOR THE FREE MAX B CAMPAIGN
Missing: 207 Dwinelle
Catalan
Ethnic Studies 159AC final was accidentally scheduled at the same time as Stat 120. Result: Ethnic Studies is now hanging out in the VLSB courtyard. (more in comments)
Zach Kline, backup QB for Cal, to transfer to Oregon State.
UC Berkeley students targeted in spate of robberies.
Anyone want to have some beers?
Men Armed with Unusual Weapons Fight in People's Park
Best way to sell stuff around here (e.g. Craigslist)?
Recommended RSF Massage Therapists?
Students at Cal having personal conversations on iPhone headsets! So funny
Dirks: Fire not caused by copper wire theft.
Graduating this Sunday! Is there a list of things I should do first?
Two of my favorite Cal alums in a commercial
some cs61c students right now
A look at Jack Clark, the amazing coach of the Cal rugby team (xpost /r/rubgyunion)
Looks like the UC's need to get serious about a future of privatized finances.
Please HELP! Failing classes:(
Failing my classes. Options for Pre.Econ Major
For those of you taking EE40 this semester
Anoncon Fall 2013. Last week to post!
Advice for a highly motivated CCC Student whom is aspiring to transfer to Cal?
Housing at Berkeley for Grad Students?
Quick question from a UK student.
I need to catch a 6am flight out of SFO on Tuesday from Berkeley, how can I get there?
Anyone know where I can sell text books in Berkeley?
The meetup was a great success! (Unidan was there in spirit/skype)
I need models to let me do their hair this upcoming Tuesday.
For those who can empathize
Frack! Did anyone run into a yellow 120pg notebook with quantum/ESPM stuff in it? (contains important factual based notes on ESPM50AC that can't be replaced :( )
Moffitt library staff and food confiscation
FREE donuts and coffee outside of Moffitt this weekend, courtesy of the Student Advocate's Office!
Cal student mugged by teen thugs.
Anyone from Berkeley going to Santacon/Santarchy tomorrow in SF?!
Stressed from finals? Need a break? Come get Indian Flavors Express with me tomorrow from 6-7pm!
Retaining library VPN access after graduation?
Ugh, and now I'm fired up for Cal football again
I want meat.
Anyone know how to access ASUC/CalLink club funds?
Keenan Allen doing it big in Denver
There looks like there's a vigil going on outside Li Ka Shing right now.... what happened?
Hilarious origin story for circular statues on campus!--Finally they're explained!
Anyone going to RJD2 Tonight?
Anybody interested in doing this with me after Final? (SF Pub Crawl on Friday,Dec 20th)
PE Classes during finals week?
Airbears... You suck and I hate you. That is all.
Suggestions for my time in Berkeley
MCB Prof. Randy Schekman is doing an IAmA right now. For many of you MCB students, this is your best shot at direct interaction with a professor.
We couldn't have a more genuine and enthusiastic chancellor.
Advice for a confused junior - anything welcome
Anyone going to SFO tonight? (Alum in town or 1 day)
DateRapeDoug here. Id like to talk to you about consent.
Naked runner here. I'd like to talk to you about consent.
Transfer spring admit, need some advice.
UC Berkeley Naked Run Fall 2013... let the games begin. NSFW
Rash of South Berkeley Robberies (This is a pregnant woman in broad daylight. Includes license plate number of perps)
What looks worse on a transcript? An 'incomplete' (I), or a 'No Pass' (NP)
I painted Sather Tower for a friend. Thought y'all might enjoy it.
MCB 102 students. You guys can really suck sometimes.
bSpace down (8:30pm, 12/9)
Best restaurants in Berkeley?
22/f working professional living in Berkeley, and I'd like to meet some friends. Want to go to the pub tonight?
Outdoor clubs?
So, I'm new here to Berkeley (Cal) and this board
CCC student getting a class through concurrent enrollment?
First Christmas in the Bay Area, are there any good places to go look at lights?
When is Naked Run happening this year?
Airbears (2) always sucks during Dead/Finals week.
What are my chances of getting in? (Freshman Fall 2014)
Looking for a new apartment
Looking for a drummer - for an hour at around noon.
Did somebody leave an ipad in 350 HMMB?
Spring 2014 freshman admit: Getting into a major pre-req off of the waiting list?
Math 54 Grunbaum
getting credit for internship
Jam Session?
NSSN tonight, anyone?
If you're broke and need a free cut &amp; color...
SIGMA NU TIL I DIE . WE DA BEST
Anoncon Fall 2013 is now live!
My Band's first music video. Reddit, we need your help! What is our genre?
University of California at Berkeley
Berkeley! Help me Finish my List as a break from finals!
Tuition? What tuition?
Is anyone interested in a 'classes you're taking next semester' thread?
Cal students can take this quick survey for a chance to win a $100 Amazon gift card
Quick Survey to win a $100 dollar Amazon gift card for Cal students
A quick nightlife survey that will take less than 3 minutes.
Interview with Frederick Wiseman and Robert Birgeneau on KQED Forum, on the new documentary 'At Berkeley'
Berkeley Kickstarter project seeks to build Portable Bluetooth LED globe- Wake up naturally by light, or set the mood with a thousand colors in the palm of your hand. $20,000 raised so far, 14 days to go!
Welcome to Kabam Field at Memorial Stadium. 15 year, $18 million naming rights deal with video game maker Kabam
Flabbergasted at one of my adviser's behavior.
Poli Sci 179 study group for final exam?
Haas students looking for some feedback on an event planning application
IF U LEFT SOMETHING IMPORTANT SOMEWHERE
Please help us get to 1500 views to get a good grade in our class!
Where should new Berkeley students buy a mac? Are there deals or discounts somewhere?
Can you check out hdmi to thunderbolt adapters from libraries?
A bit scared. Might fail a class this semester.
I am a perspective student, and I have a few questions for you guys!
I can't be the only one to have noticed this striking resemblance.
Anyone in Poli Sci 179 wanna give a breakdown of all the speakers main points?
CalCentral adds My Finances feature
East Asian Library at night
I am the administrator in charge of RA Hiring and I want to answer your questions!
Crossroads' new Honey Mustard?
Dan Kammen Op-Ed: UC's investments in fossil fuels are hurting the planet
switching sections
Is anyone having trouble with Airbears/Airbears2 today?
Is anyone having trouble with Airbears/Airbears2 today?
Unemployed for two years after graduation. Will buying Callisto access (Alumni Advantage Package) help me find a job?
Stupid question, but how can you see, in advance, what books are required for the next semester?
At Some Other Berkeley--Frederick Wiseman’s "At Berkeley" mistakes the enemies of public higher education for its defenders.
Only in Berkely
skating in the area?
How to modify name when sending email from @berkeley.edu account on iPhone
When you're as good as this guy, you get your cars for free
Studying for finals and stumbled upon this slide
Currently a junior in high school looking to apply here, What are the best parts about going to school here and the worst?
Lecturer's email about not calling off classes provokes discussion
Cal Yearbook Flash Sale: $10+
Is it legal to download ebooks from Berkeley library?
What happened to the on-campus 3D printer?
Cal students walk stuffed animals
possibly the worst video created by berkeley students
PSA for work-study recipients
Anyone interested in training/participating for a half marathon or Tough Mudder?
Advice for selling a used computer (for parts) in Berkeley?
Staying logged on to airbears on your smartphone?
Guitar and microphone for sale
Anyone know what happened at the Ashby BART Flea Market?
this is what I did with my berkeley film degree and my thanksgiving weekend
Upon hearing that Zach Kline is going to transfer
Room Broken Into in Clark Kerr
FREE $7 voucher from Seamless toward almost any restaurant in Berkeley, both delivery and dine-in. I'm not sure if this promo expires, but I think the limit is 1 per person (unless you make more email accounts).
UC Berkeley Political Science Department
Do Berkeley residents usually support Oakland or SF in professional sports?
Anyone with a Nintendo 3DS on campus?
"What do we say to the president? No pipeline for the 1%!" Protest chant clip
Students Rolling On Campus #miley
Any food places open in Berkeley today?
Pass / No Pass Question.
AnonCon
Where do I get coffee on black friday?
Poli Sci 179 Study Guide Link
Are there any bars open tonight in town?
A tour of the UC Berkeley campus in under 3 minutes.
Social Media-project at UCB
Berkeley Girl Bangs On Campus
Anyone selling weed tonight?
Lack of university response causes three students to experience narcissistic injury
Defied odds; goes to Berkeley now
Proposal: Ban YouTube links until 12/4
"Why I am not canceling class tomorrow" Cal lecturer's email to students goes viral
Socialist publication eviscerates UC Berkeley professor for telling students they should focus on their educations rather than using flavor-of-the-month protests as an excuse to cut class.
Transfer Student, Question about Credits
WTF Telebears, how can discussion be at the same time as lecture?
someone posted a app that changed the color of my monitor (mac). what app was that?
Cheapest mobile service provider
Has anyone attended a workshop as an undergraduate? (Simons Institute, MSRI, etc.)
I know you all don't want to hear this, but I could really use some advice.
How much should a Cal student spend a month on average?
Win a half day cruise OR a wine tasting on the Bay!!
Poli Sci 179 Study Guide for those interested
Any advice for a transfer applicant?
I miss Berkeley right now.
Should I ask out a GSI?
President Obama interrupted by former ASUC senator at immigration speech in San Francisco
best place to park overnight?
What are you favorite places to eat that offer delivery?
Where can I sell a car quickly for cash?
Anyone familiar with the Office of Student Conduct's process regarding torrenting violations?
Is UC worth it for an out of state student?
bored and annoyed with life right now. What's there to do today? Anyone wanna get a drink at Jupiter's or Albatross?
How can I make a change to my UC application once I already submitted it?
A perfect metaphor for yesterday's Big Game
Possible to drop below 13 units during semester w/ extenuating circumstances?
Any advice for a freshman application?
BREAKING NEWS: CAL BEATS STANFORD AT THE BIG GAME BY -50
Look at the bright side. We get first pick in the draft this spring, right?
At least we will always have this
How do I get Comcast to lower my internet bill? Or: what non-Comcast ISP should I go to?
Cal wins the game by -50 points! Congrats! GO BEARS!
Trying to figure out travel plans, which bowl game do you think Cal football makes?
Online courses at community colleges
Any current or former tour guides who would be interested in giving a guided tour on Saturday, 12/7/13?
Anyone have a Xfinity/Comcast login they'd be willing to share so we can watch the Big Game online? =) Pretty Please ?
Here's a link to a HD live stream of Big Game! GO BEARS!
Does anyone have a good VLC (or any for that matter) stream link for the Big game today?
Best way to find internships for econ major (sophomore)?
Alexander Coward meme
Chances of getting into UC Berkeley as a foreign student?
CS major, highly considering dropping out. Looking for advice, opinions...
Purple sunset over Berkeley (11/17/13)
Silly request: visiting berkeley/SF and need to iron a shirt this afternoon
President John F. Kennedy Delivers Address at Charter Day Ceremony, Receives Honorary Doctor of Laws degree - UC Berkeley, March 23rd, 1962
So There's a Bonfire Rally Tonight... (also, Live Bear???)
How is Berkeley on Black Friday? (Target specifically)
Checked BART status this morning...
Is there any reason to apply to EECS if I specifically want to do computer science?
Power outage from winds, big green-blue explosions of light
Cal football graduation rate &amp; APR scores improve.
What time do the Doe blue and gold lights turn on today?
Let's hope history repeats itself (Cal football 1986 Big Game)
Did anyone have to go to berkeley extension to finish his/her degree
Stanford University to Host Charity Football Game For Underprivileged Fans on Saturday
Zoning board denies Berkeley micro-unit proposal | Berkeleyside
"The Big Game" Cartoon Caption Contest. $50 in prizes and almost no entries yet.
Let's Beat Stanfurd at Start-ups
Apartments
G-Eazy's new music video all about Berkeley
Question about the legality of the strike.
Don't have anything to do tomorrow night? Come to the SquelchLIVE Comedy Show presented by the HEURISTIC SQUELCH!!!! h
Experiences with Sprint Service?
What's all this with striking on campus?
I am a student at Berkeley taking a math class. Our professor sent us this inspiring email. Sorry it's so long. If you take the 6 minutes to read it, you won't be disappointed.
Intersection and Bancroft and Telegraph not available
Sister attacked in Berkeley last night - be on the lookout
Couldn't finish the 61C project on time
Request involving a live (and relatively friendly) local chicken (for art)
This is my band, Bear Lincoln's first EP. Recorded live (mostly) in a bedroom in Berkeley!
Looking for anyone interested in a 2Bed/1Bath Apt for Spring 2014
Looking for a 4th apartment roommate for the Spring 2014 semester.
What do you need to get into the big game bonfire this Friday?
Questions for MTM (Masters of Translational Medicine) Students!
Berkeley Students and Recent Grads Sailing to Colombia and Making a Documentary. Check out our Kickstarter Campaign!
"Grad student workers to go on strike systemwide," Wednesday, 11/20.
What are the application of cs174 in actual industrial setting
Anyone have definitive information on union member's strike responsibilities?
Our Private Equity firm is coming to Berkeley tonight to talk about our $130,000 investment challenge for students. RSVP and AMA!
What's with the "1350" stabbed into the ground in the field in front of Doe?
XX~*HEURISTIC SQUELCH*~XX Comedy Show 11/21, new issue this week!
Anyone else struggling to find happiness at Cal?
TIL Stanford University's Band has been banned from several campuses and even Disneyland. Some of their offenses include mocking a case of a missing girl at Southern Cal during halftime, and playing outside OJ Simpson's trial. (x-post r/todayilearned)
UC Gotham anyone?
YSK about BOINC
Any Cal alumni in Orange County/LA wanna watch the Big Game?
Mom sent me this pic of my triple Alumni &amp; UC employee father watching the game today.
Please help me! Doing a survey for school and need lots of responses!!
Tickets for the big game?
Kevin Hale(Partner YC, founder Wufoo, Speaking Fri, Nov 22) at UC Berkeley
Opinions on the Norwegian exchange students?
Financial aid for International students
Heading to Berkeley today.. Is there anywhere cool to buy artwork and where's the best place to see the sunset?
Hot guy in front of Doe - from Girl with Black Hoodie
Anyone else look back on their college experience and have a few regrets?
Asthma research - $100 a session - tell us your story
Government intrusion 2.0 coming soon to Berkeley. Berkeley's next smoking ban may make it illegal to smoke in your own home.
SF Chronicle: Cal's shockingly low athletic admissions standards
Can we have a "Do you think I'll get in" thread? I can't be the only high school senior on this subreddit hoping to be admitted.
Looking for restaurant to go to before a concert. Any suggestions???
Arabic 30/Intensive intermediate Arabic/Intensive language summer classes?
Memorial Stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within
Moffit Computer Lab allows you to install flux. Bears, stop melting your retinas.
Thanks, Napolitano.
Hey, I'm a community college student aiming to transfer to berkeley? Looking for advice?
UC Student-Workers Union to Strike Nov. 20 in Solidarity with AFSCME 3299
I have half an idea for a startup, want to bounce it off local mobile app developers/grad students/grads
A Place to stay for New Years
UC Student Workers to Strike November 20th
what-would-cal-say
Looking for macbook pro repair, good and cheap (distance isn't too big of an issue)
Anybody here from the East Coast that wants to talk a little bit about going to a West Coast college?
Hidden Hunger: Some students are scrimping, skipping meals to afford a Cal degree
From the frontpage: Nice to know for sure now that I'm not a teen.
Math 104/185. Need help!
Trying to meet more ppl/friends....advice on any clubs/organizations to join?
Need Help on a BioE 10 Homework Assignment. I will hug you if I find you.
ABC special report on UC Berkeley drinking culture.
I have 3 Radiolab tickets for tonight's show in Oakland, 8 PM - let me know if interested - its FREE
Found a likely lost cat in North Oakland
Hey Berkeley, here's a picture I took of our city during a lightning storm over summer.
UC Student Workers Union Passes Strike Authorization Vote
To everyone staying in Berkeley for Thanksgiving...
So someone suggested a Beer Appreciation Group (FB Link)
NES10 Midterm
Any information on School of Information courses, specifically grad level?
HELP! Looking for my friend Tina, can't seem to find her anywhere - anyone know where she is???
PSA: Tele-BEARS Phase II begins TOMORROW, Tues 11/12!
Guy acts like squirrel on campus, Cal students hardly acknowledge him.
Suggestions for classes for a fun, easy, interesting last semester at Berkeley?
Today is trash day and I forgot to take out trash! What do I do?
California Car Registration as an Out of State Student?
Best coffee houses/spots for studying outside of campus?
How useful are the business clubs/frats?
UC Berkeley Police crack down on drunks at Cal Game
PSA: Students, please remember to tip when you are dining out downtown
Inauguration of Dirks.
Is Veteran's Day (Monday) a campus holiday?
Anyone up for a few beers tonight?
Berkeley housing options in January?
Anyone have a URL for the Cal-USC game?
Why doesn't Rescomp end a LoL session at 4AM?
EECS Undergrad looking for grad school advice
Man vs Wild: Berkeley (x-post r/san francisco)
looking to buy a student ticket for the USC game tmr!!!
looking to buy a student ticket for the football game tmr!!! (USC)
Apply to Haas as transfer or take different route?
UC Berkeley Student Government Bans Term ‘Illegal Immigrant’
Can anyone use the 3D printing vending machine on campus?
This is why we fucking can't have nice things.
Quick summary on housing market
Winter Break Shorter than Last Year WTF
"At Berkeley" documentary by Frederick Wiseman. Haven't seen anyone discuss it here.
PSA: Guard your shit this weekend.
Has anyone taken the Personal Finance class? How is it?
Does anyone have an extra student ticket for the USC game they're not using this weekend?
Recent grads looking for a start in athletics? Cal ATO is currently hiring a year long paid position
Odd request: My classmate and I are looking to interview members of the campus community that have been incarcerated.
Help finding this design but on a higher quality crew sweatshirt?
Anyone want some BlizzCon in a Box stuff?
[Transfer] What is the minimum GPA I can have to be considered to transfer into Berkeley with great EC's + personal statement?
Deciding between ESPM 114 (wildlife ecology) and ESPM 131 (soil microbio ecology)?! Both seem really awesome!
How much do GSI's make?
What are some fun things for a 20-year-old girl to do in Berkeley or San Francisco by herself? Also, what safety precautions should I take? I will be by myself.
Only in Berkeley
Memorial Stadium, by next Fall...
Why don't diplomas from college of engineering show majors??
Help with Cal Library Proxy
New fitness facility
Are there any elections today?
Univision (Fusion) News plans to open a fully operational news bureau on the UC Berkeley campus
The story of the circular metallic sculptures on campus
A GSI strike is currently being voted on.
I received a RH housing offer. Does the contract cost they offered me already include my financial aid or do I have to do something else?
Soldering Iron?
Saw this at a local shop. I live in Japan.
Saw this at a local shop. I live in Japan.
Anyone else getting a lot of blackouts lately?
Stolen electric scooter on campus
Volunteer Opportunities in Berkeley
Best off campus study spot?
How does the waitlist work (for Pub Pol C103, Wealth and Poverty)?
Where to study on Saturdays?
Got a code for Splinter Cell Blacklist that I'm never going to use, here you go.
Internet not working, landlord being difficult. Help!
What do the different meal plans at Bowles Hall offer?
Cal vs Arizona
Participating in National Novel Writing Month? Check out the East Bay activities!
please help me validate a business idea
Missed P/NP deadline!!??
Is linear programming in IEOR worth taking for a CS major going into software industry?
Student attacked near Doe; not sure if I want to be on campus after dark without first getting self-defense training
capped art program
Steinbeck Debunker at Berkeley Library on Saturday - (if you loved "Travels with Charley" ... )
If there was Walking Dead spinoff at Cal, the title sequence would look like this.
Want to form a Dota 2 Team?
Funny-- Cal students get scared on their way to class by monsters.
New class next semester: L&amp;S C30Y Biology for Voters
New class next semater: L&amp;S C30Y Biology for Voters
Frats at Berkeley?
I have an awesome, vintage, authentic kimono that I want to wear for Halloween. Will people think I'm being racist?
Where can I learn public speaking?
Backwards sidewalk traffic at UC Berkeley?
Car broken into
Why does John Yoo still work at UC Berkeley?
grading options look bad for grad school?
Missing Second Midterm/Final
Berkeley Wireless Mesh Network Meetup
Anyone into noise, experimental music, and similar?
2 Two Door Cinema Club tickets for tonight at the Fox Theatre
Anyone locked out of Facebook?
Monks with books and cookies in Berkeley
Villagecraft community events (workshops, classes, workout groups, practical education, and more)
Anyone in Poli sci 179 this semester?
Add/Drop/Grading Option Change Deadlines
Bomb squad called to Downtown Berkeley
Play rugby! No experience necessary.
Lost wallet?
A in Linear Algerbra and B in Differential Equations at CC, how is my major GPA calculated?
Any Battlefield 4 players? (PC)
Online cash prize pumpkin contest for students with no entries yet
Looking for a table tennis buddy (intermediate level)
Halloween week
Want to get coffee?
Help needed with undergrad admission and test scores!
Anyone hear those explosions in the background near downtown Berkeley? Is something going on tonight?
CAL's own Anime Convention is taking place in 3 weeks!
Slow internet speed?
Cal football team struggling in classroom, too
Friend codes, anyone?
We ain't got stuff to do, up from LA visiting friends, let's hang!
Motorcycles at Berkeley?
How can I speak with a real person in the admissions office?
How does semesterly tuition work?
Which classes should I phase 1?
Honda Accord LX stolen last night
UC Davis pepper-spray officer awarded $38,000 for trauma suffered from the incident
Visiting this weekend... Local 420 peeps?
What's the last class I should take at Berkeley?
CalSO V2.0 - Got a school related question? Ask here! [Weekly Thread]
IB class advice for next semester
Cal Student Central (CSC)
Getting from Berkeley to SF late at night early morning
Looking for a talented programmer with some free time! Need some help, will pay!
Luck, smarts lead from Uganda to UC Berkeley
Lost my Microsoft Office and needed to reinstall. How do I retrieve activation code?
Supercomputer?
Considerate smokers: where do you enjoy a cigarette?
Help in choosing a P.E. class?
Who is Alice Waters?!
A Tale of Three Classes: Phase 1 Vs Phase 2 Assistance?
Anyway to get Airbears2 to work on Nintendo 3ds?
Berkeley ranks third on top places to live in US
STAT 154 or CS 189?
Asexual Awareness Week!
BART Strike is Over!
Southside Blackouts
Serials for Windows products
Chess on/around campus?
We need your input on improving students' learning experience at Berkeley!
Anyone into coldwave, darkwave, minimal synth, post-punk, or similar genres?
CS9E: Productive Unix Use - As useful as it sounds?
Don't forget your Telebears appointment!
How long might this BART strike last?
Looking for passengers for Berkeley to SF carpool
Memorial Stadium Gym?
Looking for a carpool from Berkeley to SF while BART is striking
I may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options?
Why is Thai Basil closed
Lost wallet, who to contact?
Renting workshop/garage space to restore cars in Berkeley?
need short term housing solution during bart strike
Sellegit@Berkeley: an online Dutch Auction marketplace which makes local buying and selling engaging, efficient and safe.
Sellegit Deal of the Day Special Event: Come and snatch a premier headphone this Sunday, price dropping from $299 to ZERO within an hour!
Hit and Run Henry St. near Shattuck Safeway
Did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. I miss Berkeley.
UCLA vs. UC Berkeley
Statusvia / Facebook and Twitter Funny Update Status Apps / Send Post to Your Facebook Friends via Perusahaan-PT.ABC-[awan-bengi-Chetingan]
Where can I find undergrad research this late?
Survey!
Are most buildings on campus open during the day on weekends?
Berkeley Class Project Help!
Is it possible to take CS 61B and 61C at the same time?
How can I find a job in Berkeley?
Has anyone here taken Econ 131 with Saez?
Hoping to move to Berkeley in the summer or fall of 2014. Any advice on affordable apartments? How is the (part-time) job market there?
Statistics 133 - is Stat 20 a sufficient pre-requisite?
ELI5: Why BART workers are striking, and why it seems they've been doing it more often this year.
String of robberies prompts increased patrols -- Are we safe?
Unions: BART workers on strike as of midnight
DSP for mental issues?
Is the experience of stats 133 professor dependent?
Got caught cheating... what happens next?
Does Berkeley have an active IRC channel?
Campus Earthquake Drill Tomorrow (Thursday) morning - 10:17 a.m.
Parkour at Cal
Mediator: No BART strike as negotiations continue
Berkeley Parking Question?
An AC course that requires instructor approval according to course description?
Governor Takes Action–Immediate Threat of AC Transit Strike Averted
Best Word of Mouth in Berkeley
Recent Cal Grad Having a tough time finding work
Cal Alumni 2011 Here! My NPO, Webs4Charity, is Holding a Spookfest Contest (=
What's with all the flies in Gourmet Ghetto right now?
Has anyone been to Mount Diablo since the fire and have plants in the burnt areas started re-growing yet?
CalCentral, Bmail, Bspace, etc., School subjects aggregated in a clean UI
Do all Econ Major Pre Reqs need to be taken at Berkeley?
North side gym opening soon?
No BART Strike Wednesday; Bargaining to Continue
anyone still looking for a team for campusmoviefest?
Travel partner to Europe this summer?
Hope everyone had a great Indigenous People's Day! Here's an open letter written by my friend regarding relevant, neglected, local issues.
Spring 2014 admit who didn't do FPF--what's it going to be like once I get here?
Interesting data-visualizations on the BART Strike.
Is it just me, or do people suck with managing their money?
Telebears is coming up...
What are the bell-looking things on the floor of Wheeler auditorium?
Sophomore here. Questions about declaring Applied Math Major...
BART Strike Postponed Again...
Earthquake?
Earthquake, 1:08 am October 15, 2013, felt like a 3.0
Earthquake just now?
AC Transit Union Issues 72-Hour Strike Notice
Any women want to play in a co-ed soccer league?
Transfer Student - Econ vs Haas
HEY! We are working with the Department of Public Health to make healthy diets more accessible through a mobile app. If you could please fill out this quick survey to help us gauge our audience and solution, we would really appreciate it!
In the case that BART does strike, where should I park?
Singing lessons by students? Ads?
2013 Cal Football - tl;dr
Transfer COE with not finished course at 5th semester
What are some good courses for data science and analytic in spring 2014
Not Jewish but want to participate at Hillel.
What's with all the H.Y.P.H.E.E. posters?
BREAKING NEWS: One More Day with No BART Strike
No class tomorrow because of Columbus Day! What's your plans?
Who wants a toaster oven?
Anyone else here have IBD?
Describe your shitting experiences in the dorms.
Cal @ UCLA livesteam
Student robbed at bus stop on Channing - Be aware of your surroundings!
This helmet doesn't look exactly regulation...
LAN B4 TIME: Game Tournaments with Prize Pools!
Sunday Streets tomorrow (Oct. 13) 11am-4pm
The UC Student Employees Union has been in contract negotiations with UC since June. The "current" contract expired Sept 30...we got this yesterday from labor relations.
Watermelon Bear (xpost from r/pics)
Cal Student Central is the worst thing about this university.
Does Berkeley have coed showers?
Campanile
BerkeleysNide launches -- new subreddit for discussion/debate on Berkeley (not Cal) news and events.
Sorry for being white
Telebears oracle?
Pretty great 1-on-1 with Sonny Dykes
Question about Community College Course Evaluations
Staffers: what's it like to work at Cal?
Local entrepreneur group seeks members: interested?
Can I get a D- In a CS upper Div and still graduate . It's pretty hard to get a grade that low and I'm doing fine this semester, but I'm just curious.
No BART strike Friday &amp; weekend; negotiations to continue through weekend (Earliest possible strike date is Monday)
Musicians: advice?
"How I came to love group sex" -- yet another thoughtful and insightful piece from our very own Daily Californian.
"How I came to love group sex" -- yet another thoughtful and insightful from our very own Daily Californian.
Dude from Cal gets stitches ripped out and doesn't scream.
Halloween parties?
Do I need to phase 1 cs 61b/cs70 to get in if I'm in LS
Gray plastic chips on scrunchies? Possibly a sorority thing?
How do you calculate your major GPA?
Ah. A day in the life.
Friend's bike was stolen on Saturday. This guy was riding it on campus today. If you recognize him, please PM me. If YOU are the guy, return it and charges won't be pressed.
Test
Friend's bike was stolen on Saturday. This guy was riding it on campus today. Does anyone recognize him? If so, please PM me. If YOU are this guy, give the bike back and he won't press charges.
Entering midterm season...
Sprint 3G dead zone?
Spring 3G dead zone?
Question about CS 61 series
Where's the best place for me to sell my clothes?
Telebears appointments out yet?
Smoking in Berkeley - submit and vote on ideas to improve the city's smoking policies here
One Rolled Pant Leg
We're building a product to make Berkeley campus life more interesting
Violin Rentals?
Any chemistry graduate students on here?
2013 econ grads, around what time did you get a job offer and when did you start applying?
President Barack Obama to nominate Cal's Janet Yellen for Fed chair
BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS BEARS
California Lawmakers Demand A State Investigation Into Colleges' Inadequate Sexual Assault Policies
It's Mental Health Awareness Week, and the middle of midterm season. Have you thought about using free counseling services?
I want to start a decal. Experiences or tips or a partner perhaps?
Music 20A "Creative Approach to Music Fundamentals" by Duckworth.
Randy Schekman's Nobel Morning!
[TASK] Anyone want to make $15? I need some flyers put up.
Students Losing Body Hair Leads to closure Of Berkeley High School Pool (last line of the article is hilarious)
Randy Schekman awarded 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 Nobel Prize in Medicine.
I have a bunch of freshmen on my dorm floor who have never been to SF before. Where should I take them?
KEENAN ALLEN!
DAE EARTHQUAKE? UPVOTE TO THE LEFT FOR VISIBILITY
Earthquake?
Got parked up on Grizzly Peak at just the right time tonight
Any Bitcoiners here at Cal?
Selling a Richard Dawkins and Adam Savage Talk Ticket for October 7th (tomorrow) in SF.
While the 'Football' team is in the dumps, Cal's Soccer team has had an unbeaten season so far and is number one in the rankings.
Anyone up for afternoon boardgames or frisbee?
Taxi Service other than Uber
Now that the Spring '14 schedule is online..
Cal Football: 1-4 for the season so far and a crushing 44-22 loss today. What needs to change and what can we do to help?
Watch out for counterfeit money.
Where is the best place in Berkeley for international houseguests to get a temporary SIM card?
Anyone have a link to the streaming of today's game v. Washington State?
What happened to anon con? On a separate note I just baked some crazy space cakes
Easy, online-only jobs like data entry?
Questions about local camping opportunities
Gameday - anything I should know?
Nearest Chase ATM?
On campus this weekend? Enter the #CalWknd Instagram Photo Contest!
Where's the fire?
Does anyone know when the Fall '14 schedule will go up?
On campus this weekend? Enter the #CalWknd Instagram Photo Contest! More info at http://bit.ly/calwkndIG
Library staff billing me for book they lost
Anybody know which departments are short on incoming freshman, generally?
Got kicked out of Comal for asking to add a friend to a party
Realized I have no real friends....
Does Berkeley offer any Music classes that focus on mix engineering and / or production?
UC Berkeley Bathroom Graffiti - The Wit and Wisdom of Pooping People With Pens
To those in PACS 126!
Anyone know if this Mike Pawlawski beer is real?
Need a favor from someone in the Berkeley Area. (Regarding the Bethesda Food Truck on Oct. 4)
Popular Berkeley bloggers or social media accounts?
I need dodgeball teammates
Anyone interested in renting their apartment out for New Years?
Homeland's 2nd Season Finale
ಠ_ಠ
Me with my project teammates
Does anyone know where I can find a wheelchair?
I'm thinking about moving to Berkeley
Looking for ride to Santa Cruz
Source of the Explosion, removed today (high voltage switch)
Berkeley kids are hardcore
Daily Cal looking to speak to students stuck in elevators
#2 trending topic on Yahoo
Friend urgently needs to add 1-3 units. Any classes or DeCals that would take new students this late? (details inside)
50 Things to Do in Berkeley Before You Die
What the exploding grate looked like this morning.
List of buildings without power (and thus where classes are cancelled)
Just in from the Daily Cal!
Awkwardly enough, I was about to leave as well. . .
Evil Mushroom Cloud from the Explosion
We're on Imgur!
Does anyone know if there will be any protests on campus tomorrow?
UC Berkeley explosion may be tied to copper wire theft
Possibility that the outage and explosion were caused by a copper theft in Berkeley last week.
I just want everyone to know that the LA Times...
Janet Napolitano's tenure as president of the UC system began today
Anyone else in Psychology 1?
Anyone in ANTHRO C125A/JAPAN 176?
Where can we get status updates on what buildings have restored power, and when we're authorized in enter the buildings?
Picture: Students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light
A message from the Student Advocate's Office: If you or anyone else you know was asked to continue taking an exam or kept in class when the power outage began and the evacuation notices were issued, please contact us at help@berkeleysao.org.
Explosion on Campus, Government Shutting Down... Only one answer: Zombie Apocalypse Day.
Warn Me isn't working
Is Class Cancelled Tomorrow?
Campus officials declare emergency following explosion around California Hall [Power Outage]
Campus emergency
Bspace down?
Campus emergency- all are encouraged to evacuate campus and return to your residences
EVACUATE CAMPUS
Large Explosion on campus
Just moved in near the Berkeley Bowl. I think my girlfriend and I have a problem
Priorities.
What's up with campus power outages today?
Anyone interested in forming a hardcore adventure club?
UGBA
Does the school have any counseling programs for student depression?
Confused Norwegian with a stupid question
Where exactly are the laundry room(s) in Clark Kerr?
What is the best sushi place in Berkeley?
What are your thoughts on Cal's branding problem?
What are your thoughts on Cal's branding problem.
Was there a shooting near unit 2?
HQ Stream of Cal vs Oregon - Copy this link into VLC Media Player
Any Internet Marketers here?
What's going on near the Greek Theatre?
Really want to go to Berkeley, anxious about admissions. Am I in good shape?
Seeking suggestions: Good place to eat, celebrate my wife's birthday. I'm on budget too.
Any Breaking Bad finale viewing parties at Berkeley?
Free Loveseat/Couch in Berkeley
Non-CS guy looking for hardcore CS help
Lost Glasses / Graduate Welcome Party
Apartment Hunting!
Should I stay an extra semester or take 3 classes during summer?
Graduate Welcome Party, lost glasses.
Just had my Fjallraven Kanken 17'' Backpack stolen from the FSM cafe.
Some sweet, sweet UC Berkeley circlejerk from former Secretary of State.
Where can I buy men's dress shoes?
Fresh squeezed juice on southside, preferably near RSF?
Should I keep the class or drop it? CS61A
Cal Band Doing Their Thing
College is kicking me out for unfair reason. What to do?
Any info on being a student assistant at Berkeley (amount paid, etc.)?
Creative writing club(s) on campus?
Best place to play online games, internet café, etc
Beyond Wonderland
What happens if you are below the 13-unit limit for L&amp;S?
IOS 7 and Airbears
Apple IOS 7 and Airbears?
Given how proud and entitled all the athletes look walking around campus...
In Main Stacks right now...
Where are the poker players?
Need Dire Tech Support!
Don't forget to add/drop your classes by the 27th!
How I flush ALL toilets on campus...
What are my chances of being accepted into EECS?
Berkeley High: New $4.5 million baseball field opens - ContraCostaTimes.com
Anyone down to watch the FINAL game of America's Cup tomorrow?
What did you take to fulfill American Cultures?
Massive Car chase down University??
Anybody else get this hilarious email?
How I flush ALL bathrooms on campus
Best place for a good haircut around Berkeley?
3-D printer for students?
Trailer for Professor Reich's New Documentary, "Inequality for All" – featuring Wheeler &amp; North Gate
Suggestions of cool clubs/organizations to join?
The husband of US Senator Dianne Feinstein (Richard Blum, a UC Regent) has been selling post offices to his friends, cheap.
Co-op parties?
I'm looking for some UC Berkeley android users to test out my first app, ShoutPost
Which student city council district do you want? Vote on the 2 proposals, or create your own...
Is it just me, or does airbears not work on the newly updated iOS7?
Out of state transfer
Web Developer/Designer job available, $17.50/hr
UC Berkeley Student IRL
Getting to Monterey Market?
Square reader found in North Berkeley on Thursday
Any parties going on right now?
Help! Any classes that I can still add? :(
I'm getting ready to apply, what are my chances of getting accepted?(Current senior in HS)
Keys found on Dwight and Ellsworth
Anyone have a coffee-bean grinder I could borrow?
New To Berkeley, Looking for Help
Getting to the StopWatching.Us rally on October 26th (Washington DC)
Anyone in Berkeley and wanna grab a beer?
Help learning another language(Korean). Any clubs/groups?
Want Asian Ghetto Delivered? Use GhettoDelivery!
View from the Big C, Mid-Autumn Festival
Does UC Berkeley have a photography club?
Anyone going to Oddball Fest?
Sex on Tuesday
A few questions about weightlifting at the RSF.
TIL that before Oski, Cal used live bears as mascots.
Cal students: Sign up for research studies for credit/pay
Uguru strikes again
UC launches Kickstarter-style medium for funding scholarships. First of its kind.
To all Jazz Lovers
Thought you guys might enjoy some of these pics from you campus. A photographer from an OSU sports site wandered around campus before the game and got these.
Can anyone in Math1B this semester help me?
AirBears2 Continues to ask me for authentication
Berkeley CS (EECS?) ranked #1 in earning potential for US colleges
Police Investigating String of Assaults at UC Berkeley's Greek Row
How not to advertise (and defend) your startup on Facebook.
Any DIY car guys in Berkeley?
Regents to spend $620,000 in nonpublic funds, to renovate Blake House to "accommodate essential entertainment functions" of incoming President Janet Napolitano.
Robert Reich on The Daily Show (09/16/13)
Anybody going to jazz festival in Monterey this weekend?
Applying for readmission after taking a semester off
Scumbag Berkeley Alumni Association
Decide the Future of the Berkeley Post Office Building
Berkeley Cracks Down on Turning Houses Into Mini-Dorms
Any tips for finding a short term lease? (Oct through Jan '14)
How do you flag down an AC Transit bus?
Accessible microwaves on campus?
Anyone going to the Oddball Comedy Festival this Friday (9/20)?
Looking for shared apartment in central Berkeley from this week till the 17th of november.
LBNL loses $1.5 BILLION contract to Stanfurd. Yikes. Could threaten Richmond expansion project. Any thoughts?
TIL part of the reason Tedford got fired was Cal's football program fell to the bottom of the Pac 12 in terms of graduating players
Anyone into trance/edm events?
Best place to get a haircut?
Connecting to AirBears no longer popping up the login screen
Where can I buy sushi-grade salmon in/near Southside?
Free Amazon Prime for Cal Students
Graduating EECS with many CS classes and few EE classes? How is this possible?
CARS bill
Anyone else's packages disappearing @ South Side?
Lost phone somewhere on Dwight...
Apple Turnovers at Crossroads. May Contain Alcohol.
Mayweather fight tonight
Students, please remember to wear gold for the game today.
HELP ASAP! Where to get cheapest Cal logo shirt on campus??
Safe place to sleep on the streets..? Or anyone open 24/7.
Friend using CalID for game?
Berkeley council may consider 2 campus district maps
Enter the UC Berkeley Instagram Photo Contest, Oct. 3-6. Open to Cal students, alums, parents, faculty, and friends. Great prizes. #CalWknd
How can I get the font to type in the "Cal" script?
econ 181 pset. Want to form a study group
Power outage this morning?
connecting to Berkeley mail using OSX mail app
Truck available for moving help
Hi! Thinking about attending UCB Fall 2015 and I'd like to know how much it can cost for housing if I want like a 2 bedroom apartment for my boyfriend and I. Anyone got any advice?
Anyone want to try to start a meshnet in Berkeley?
Where are the nicest bathrooms on campus
So there was a guy named Osama in my section. This must be his least favorite/most awkward day
Dumpster diving in the Berk/N. Oakland area
Got a fantastic futon frame for free in berkeley, I just can't sit on it yet. Can anyone help me with the mattress?
Free Parking
Police beatings recounted in $15 million lawsuit against UC Berkeley administrators, police
Leigh Steinberg Describes His Special Affinity For Cal Bears Football
Giving away full/double Ikea MALM bedframe
Tell me about your cell phone coverage experience in Berkeley
Anybody know what these are? They're all over Bancroft and College.
Good sports bars in the east bay?
Wore my Oakland A's jersey and hat to city the other day, and...
Anyone know where I can buy some rope around here?
Need someone to replace me in a house -- double
Meeting for UCB students to view proposed changes to AC Transit Line 51 on 9/12
Pac 12 Networks on AT&amp;T Uverse
I just got rejected from a potential job because my employer insisted on only hiring a person with a B.S. in computer science and not a B.A.
Changing Rooms... Is It Possible?
Legends Of Loyalty Preview: Leigh Steinberg And The Cal Golden Bears
UC Berkeley repeats as top public university in U.S. News rankings
Anyone down to jam/perhaps start a band?
Want to build race cars? Come check out the Berkeley Formula SAE team at our Kickoff Day!
Want to build race cars? Come check out the Formula FSAE team at our Kickoff Day!
Where are some nice places to smoke tree?
Feeling quite lonely....can't seem to find my niche.
Feeling really lonely....can't seem to find my niche at Cal.
Study Abroad
Feeling very lonely and struggling to find my niche at Cal. :(
Looking for junior/senior taking CS61A as an elective, partners (and NST 10)
Anyone skilled at Processing (the program)?
Are there any jazz listeners here?
The student government of the University of California at Berkeley is kicking off the academic year by considering a “no confidence” vote for Janet Napolitano as the incoming president of the UC system.
The student government of the University of California at Berkeley is kicking off the academic year by considering a “no confidence” vote for Janet Napolitano as the incoming president of the UC system.
I'm an interesting person leading a boring life: How do I fix it?
Freshmen, take heed. x-post from /r/AdviceAnimals
new Squelch out this week
Anyone Interested in a Babysitting Job?
Finding housing in Berkeley
Maurice Harris: One Handed Catch
[Friendly Mod Reminder] Please check if your post has been caught by the spam filter by checking /new/. If it has, message us!
There are more hot girls at UCLA and USC than there are at Cal.
Where's the best place to eat?
Anyone take Bio 1B?
Like to play or watch ping pong? The Berkeley Open Tournament is going on at the RSF field house
If you to play or watch table tennis, the Berkeley Open tournament is going on at the RSF field house.
Good tool rental/loan opportunity?
Really want to find a home for a sweet, old kitty!
Has anyone here tried geocaching?
Last night at Memorial Glade.
Students (and teachers) can get a free 1 year subscription to Amazon Prime
Berkeley, then and now
Apply to be a caseworker in the ASUC Student Advocate's Office!
Cal Game vs Portland State
Anyone have the asuc lecture notes for ib35ac with Hlusko (fall 2012)?
Local Butcher Raising Funds from Loyal Fans
Dear Berkeley Cab Driver...
Any circus folks at Berkeley? Or people interested in circus?
Still Need a DeCal? Want to watch an awesome TV show for units? Buffy the Vampire Slayer DeCal starts Monday!
Riding my motorcycle up to Reyes Point tomorrow - would any other riders like to come along?
In need of Haus Printing Credits for 400+ pages
Who would consider joining a fighting game club at Cal?
Help me Stats majors, course advice on the 150 series
For two years my Haas backpack collected dust in my closet, until I decided to take it with me to South America.
Berkeley launches a privacy educational project
Get 6 months of Amazon Prime for FREE when you sign up for Amazon Student
CS Friends. A Young Professor Shewchuk Just Released the Song of the Summer.
Berkeley offers unusual vibe for football fans - The Columbus Dispatch
Buckeye fan staying in Berkeley for 4 days
Professor/GSI respect survey
I think I fell in love with Berkeley
I'm interested in taking a course on Advertising, does anyone know a good class or professor who knows about this subject at Berkeley?
Any fun places you guys could suggest taking my friends to?
Does anyone have recommendations for an easy class that's still open?
Eric's Girlfriend Application
Can anyone suggest someplace fun to show my friends?
Found while walking, I guess some people have trouble with recycling... and ENGRISH
Pro tip: how to sit in a lecture hall
Mexican Ice Cream
First Time Talking To Transfer Adviser at CCC today
What's the easiest way to get off of mailing lists?
Progressive Incoherence in “Radical” Berkeley
Where is a cool place to hang out on campus.
"40 More Signs You Succumbed to Berkeley 'Click Bait'"
Reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian is planning to come to Berkeley in January 2014!
This is also excellent advice for the freshmen hoping to survive going through Sproul
Getting guest tickets for football games
Anyone taking Bio 1B?
Anybody else's bspace implode this morning?
What's a good textbook (besides the required textbook) to learn the EE40 curriculum?
Less than 50 more signatures needed - I'm trying to get the Berkeley City Council to suspend enforcement of clearing curbside parkways for community gardens!
Less than 50 signatures needed - I'm trying to get the Berkeley City Council to suspend enforcement of clearing curbside parkways for community gardens!
Doctor Who DeCal!?
Textbook price comparison tool I created
Did UC Berkeley stop providing ASUC notes?
For everyone who just moved in: My car when I moved to Cal (I drove 400 miles like this; note the wheel clearance in the rear).
student and mma practitioners? Planning a short film and looking for actors(campusmoviefest)
Accessing Airbears2 on Android
Acting and Stand-up Comedy clubs at Berkeley
Music Clubs in Berkeley?
Student looking for a course on food policy. Any recommendations?
Been ordering food from Spoonrocket lately? Watch out, I just found these bits of sharp plastic in my rice.
24 Hour Fitness vs. RSF
Woman victim of rape via firearm in People’s Park Sunday night
Has anyone transferred from a 4 year university to a California CC and then to Berkeley?
Transferring from UCSB to CC to Berkeley as a L&amp;S CS major?
I'm a 2nd year...and I still fail to have close friends...advice/words of wisdom?
another shot of memorial stadium
[Event] National Taiwan University Students Visit Berkeley
Any interest in a book club for UCB students?
Memorial Stadium during it's first game of the 2013 season
business and consulting clubs
Memorial Stadium during it's first gameday of the 2013 season
Former Cal QB Joe Ayoob breaking world records (Sport Science 2:44 [x-post from r/calfootball])
Is anyone else's bMail not working?
Need advice for CS 162
backpacking/camping/hiking?
My fellow Socially Awkward Penguins of Berkeley: Let's waddle!
Cal v Northwestern Watch Thread!
BART to run round-the-clock during Labor Day weekend Bay Bridge closure
New dorm students: Check out Dtella!
Good ways to watch the game?
Berkeley Nightlife
Anyone take UGBA 104? Hendershott is on CNN.
Need a ticket for the game.
Just got screwed over by my landlord--need housing
Using textbook pdfs instead of paper textbooks?
Anyone taking a chill 3 unit that they can recommend?
Brazilian students @ Cal?
Memorial Stadium on the eve of the first 2013 gameday
Anyone else play DnD?
I heard there is going to be a Super Smash Bros tournament at foothill this weekend. Anybody know the deets?
Buying textbooks
FOUND: bag of newly purchased books, probably for a literature/writing course, found in Moffitt 102, right after E 115 lecture.
Need help ASAP! Need a place to park my motorcycle...
Where to Find a Suit?
TA's plz respond [cs161]
Advice for those currently considering Comcast Internet
First day of college. Meet my roommate.
graduated in May but still have last year's email sig.. what should I change it to?
if another one goes by, I AM GONNA LOSE IT
The syllabus for CS 161 seems a little extreme...
GOOD NEWS EVERYBODY! 2014 Big Game STAYING in Berkeley!
We did it guys! Cal football is number 1!
Which classes are the worst/most difficult to get into?
What are your MUST TAKE classes at UC Berkeley
Federal civil rights officials say mock Israeli military checkpoints set up by pro-Palestinian students at UC Berkeley last year were protected free speech.
anyone in Asamst 20a?
Housing
Reminder as we all return to school: start using AirBears2 instead of old AirBears. Persistent authentication, way faster, and doesn't kick you off all the time.
For those who still haven't gotten books yet, Amazon is offering Amazon Student for six months! Free two day shipping and half off Prime!
Students should control the used textbook market, not big business.
Hiring DJs and Musicians
You Forgot Your Wallet
Progressive/Technical Metal Project Seeks Bass Player and Singer
Is anyone around tomorrow to show a potential transfer student around?
What it takes to get in to uc berkeley?
Visiting this weekend, what are some must-do things?
Any Spring 2013 graduates receive their diploma yet?
Imagine craving a healthy gourmet meal and having it appear minutes later—fresh and piping hot—on the curb outside your front door for just $6. That’s the idea behind the startup SpoonRocket, launched by two UC Berkeley grads who aim to revolutionize the very concepts of fast food and delivery.
Film Chronicles the Inner Workings of Berkeley
freshmen
Why is it campus policy to forbid grade changes that result from mistakes grading a final exam??
I a currently attending SFSU, and I really want to transfer to a UC. I have been to UC Berkeley and I love it.
For those of you who have SHIP, did any of you get your wisdom teeth removed here in berkeley? If so, can you recommend any oral surgeons?
Tamber - Student Startup with Traction Looking to Add Engineers #4 &amp; 5
Berkeley Tuolumne Family Camp Completely Destroyed - Tragic Loss For The City
Non-residential meal plans: Yay or nay?
Dating grad students as an undergrad
Yoda - Feel the Force (Yoda Remixed)
Is this a good place for a housing ad?
Hey Bears! Here's an app for you to check live enrollment information
How many graduate students on this sub are not from UCB undergrad?
Pet Policy in Graduate Student Housing?
Security at Cal Dorms
Big Game could shift to Levi's Stadium in 2014
Haven't found housing yet....do apartments/studios get cheaper after the semester begins?
Anybody have any clickers they want to give/sell??
Free local camping
And then there's this guy...
Jyve.Me - A local Social Network. What do you guys think?
Students: You can get 6 months of Amazon Prime for free (2 day shipping on textbooks/any item)! Signing up with your Berkeley email address.
It seems that the Stanfurd Urban Dictionary definition needs more upvotes...perhaps we should do our part
Two Cal Bears messin around during halftime- NFL Stars Lynch and Rodgers
Stanfurd Urban Dictionary definition looks like it needs some upvotes
It's Friday afternoon, let's go to the Trappist on college!
Sorority Rush Week?
You guys have achieved my dream, now I need as much help as possible to make it a reality for myself.
Berkeley set to become the first city in the United States to fashion a city council district almost entirely of college students.
StudyBlue User Interview (entails a $25 amazon gift card)
Meeting people.
Mountain Biking partners
Repairing a bike
HIRING A bunch of local crews for a web doc series I am producing. On/Near campus locations. PAID [cross post r/filmmakers]
Twin bed for sale
Honors to Date vs. Dean's Honors
Good site for finding housing in the Bay that isn't Craigslist?
Fulfilling foreign language requirement at Berkeley
Has anybody successfully connect their berkeley email to outlook?
Getting started at the RSF?
Our Football Team kicking back at Albany Bowl
Like Relient K and/or Motion City Soundtrack? JOIN ME!
Cop chase on shattuck ?
PSA: the Bay Bridge will be closed from 8pm on 8/28 to 5am on 9/3.
Furniture Thrift Shops
anyone wanna start a band?
Anyone interested in a weekly /r/pac12 power rankings?
Any Android apps you've found to be especially useful at Cal?
Junior transfer here with a question about discussion sections during the first week of class.
Best Taxi Service for around Berkeley?
Parking on southside?
Cheap EDM show next friday: T-Mass, Bassex, and Sam F at The New Parish in Oakland
How does rushing work?
Has anyone received their financial aid yet?
Brand new website: listings for subleases/apt/homes near campus by UC students for UC students! Help us grow!
Seeking Tues./Thurs. morning carpool to Belmont, CA
Anyone interested in working out with an Extension student that doesn't have a gym pass?
Has anyone taken Econ 155?
Collection of every website you'll need as a UC Berkeley student.
Breaking Bad fans @ UC Berkeley?
Why so competitive at UCB?
My Facebook account has been banned from the Berkeley app. Any idea why?
Meditation Practice
Probably a repost but interesting as f*$&amp;. Anyone interested in hearing about the Berkeley math professor turned erotic film actor and director?
Upper div classes outside EECS
Tyrone Hayes' Funding is Withdrawn--So disappointed right now
What just flew over Berkeley?
I'm an MEng student (we just started class on Monday) and we're doing a survey for an assignment in our Marketing class- please fill it out if you have a minute or two!
Going into my second year in a few days....discouraged from last year because of lack of friends and loneliness
Community college transfer students?
Rental agencies
Looking for some help moving today (Saturday)
Anyone still looking for housing?
I wanted to put this on the course evaluation form but I'll post it here instead.
Does anyone know about the Asian frats on campus? thinking of joining one
Protestor at Berkeley post office camp-in stabbed in thigh
Berkeley scored #3 in the world according to this year's Shanghai Academic Ranking of World Universities ~('.'~)
True freshman Jared Goff named starting QB
South L.A. student finds a different world at Cal
So how exactly is financial aid disbursed?
Buy gaming PC in Berkeley
Renting Camera Equipment
New metal artwork all over campus
Things to do during the day around campus while on LSD?
Housing in Berkeley
What happened to the Bear Brew?
Downtown Berkeley Danger Alert (8/15/13)
Sublet available Sept 1-Oct 31: Dwight/Telegraph 1BR 1BA
MythBusters film tennis myth on campus
Classes in Italian Swordsmanship this Saturday in Berkeley!
Classes are right around the corner, remember that Amazon gives students 6 months of Prime for free.(use your .edu email)
Help, recommend me a comfy couch please
What happened at iHouse tonight?
Take semester of only breadth classes?
Community forum here on Reddit.
CARDIO AND WEIGHTS FACILITY TO OPEN FOR RSF MEMBERS AT MEMORIAL STADIUM (OCT. 1st)
Any good elective courses to take during Fall for Computer Science BA?
I know this is a long shot but did anyone else see a bright flash from south Berkeley around 3 am? I'm curious what it was.
Anyone know if Berkeley offers any classes or opportunities to teach aspects of 3D printing
Scholarship question
Quick Question about sending Transcripts
Is anyone else sick and tired of this BS car ticketing?
SpoonRocket | Gourmet Meals Delivered for $6
Completely out of character for this thread, but where is the best place to hook up with girls?
Best place to sell back textbooks
Homelessness in Berkeley
I didn't do this my freshman year and regretted it--Amazon Student w/.edu email. Don't need to drive your whole room to school, 2-day shipping for Free to your mailbox at school!
The Blue Stuff: A Breaking Bad Parody imagines BrBa at Cal
The Blue Stuff: A Breaking Bad Parody imagines BrBa at Cal
Why is a degree from Haas a BS degree instead of a BBA?
Want to rent Graduation Gown &amp; Cap
Meteor Shower?
Selling 1 outside lands ticket for today (sunday)
Teen tourist
Question for the Women at Cal about dating
How do we remove access from the "other payer" section of the E-Bill?
Hey Berkeley! Looking for a place to watch Breaking Bad tomorrow!
Berkeley Cycling Clubs
Protesters camp out to fight sale of main post office
What class(es) are you guys most looking forward to for fall semester?
Paul Tawfik still bitching about environment diagrams
Hey guys, could you help me out and fill out a 12 question survey? It's for a statistics project I'm doing this summer. Thank you : )
Save the North Berkeley Garden at Scenic and Virginia!
Paul Tawfik still bitching about environment diagrams
PSA: 2013 Cal Football Season Pass on Sale! Also, if I'm joining Rally Comm during fall, I don't need to bother with this, right?
Gifts that can (almost) only be bought in Berkeley?
Any way to stay permanently logged onto airbears?
Why is financial aid disbursed (at the earliest) 4 days AFTER the CARS eBill is due?
Broncos Fans?
The UC Berkeley Blum Center for Developing Economies (http://blumcenter.berkeley.edu/) has several Student Administrative Assistant positions open. Apply at the campus work study website.
Need five more guys for 12-team Fantasy Football league
Amy's Crazy Baking Company
Any book clubs on campus?
Beginer camera course?
Hey Berkeley! I've started a blog and I wanted to share it with ya'll. Access Granted is your place to go for commentary on politics, pop culture and entertainment. Follow me if you're interested!
Blog LessThan3 is running a Splurgy giveaway for two Outside Lands tickets, along with the NFC-enabled Insider Bands.
I think John Galen Howard deserves more name recognition. He created all the beautiful things on our campus
learning how
AC Transit reaches tentative deal with union, buses WILL run tomorrow, 8/7/2013
Trailer for The Blue Stuff: A Breaking Bad Parody (set in Berkeley, produced &amp; directed by students &amp; alumni)
Is it just me, or is Oski Creepy?
Anyone want to buy my Outside Lands tickets? I can't go anymore.
AND the winner for Worst Case of the Mondays goes to...
Computer labs in Berkeley libraries?
40 more signs you went to UC Berkeley
Anyone have microwave they need to get rid of?
AC Transit gives strike notice :(
Roll on you bears! Would be a good pairing with ganja...
Does anybody know what happened to Vinnie's on northside?
Biking up to the Bay Area, looking for a couchsurfing host
Worst case of the Monday's
BART Strike Averted for Another Week (Governor Brown starts investigation)
Governor intervenes, 7-day break on talks, no BART strike for Monday 8/5/2013
Hitler Reacts to BART strike II
Confessions of an Application Reader: Lifting the Veil on the Holistic Process at the University of California, Berkeley - NY Times Viewpoint piece
BART's tax shelters
Anyone else have trouble accessing Science (and other journals) via proxy server?
Fancy Meals for $6 Delivered.
Upper division Chemistry
Just moved to Berkeley
Any Berkeley Duolingo users out there?
THOUGHT I WAS IN R/BERKELEY FOR A MINUTE [X/POST R/STANFORD]
Karate at UC Berkeley?
Who else thinks there's too much creepy oski in the design of this subreddit?
Good place to host 60 incoming transfers?
Question about the RC and AC requirements.
Parking lot suggestion in case of BART strike
Professor Anant Sahai Fighting Cheating in CS70 Spring 2013
For any incoming freshmen: CalAsk, the student-run FAQ for all things Cal
So I made a huge fat list of online resources/cool websites for Berkeley...
10 Tips to Help Asian Dudes Get the Girl
Spontaneous meetup at the Trappist on College or elsewhere? Movies? Board games?
Does anyone know what kind of bread they had at Intermezzo?
Legion of Superwings in North Berkeley: Closed for good?
So the number of people in CS61A is larger than the undergrad population of Caltech
Pass/ no Pass deadline today: Bio1a/1al
Confessions of an Application Reader Lifting the Veil on the Holistic Process at Cal
Redesigned Bears Nike Football Jersey FINALLY On Sale
According to /r/LifeProTips, you can finish a degree faster and cheaper by taking classes "Credit By Examination"-- is this a thing at Cal?
Are there any bars showing the Super Rugby final this Saturday?
Berkeley: One man dead in shooting on San Pablo Avenue
Apply to be an Information Security Engineer at ResComp! $18.25/hr
BART Unions have given 72-hour notice for a strike for this Monday, 8/5/2013
Professor Anant Sahai Fighting Cheating in CS70 Spring 2013
What do you guys do with your cars when it's street sweeping days?
Has anyone taken IB 131/IB 131L?
How Berkeley ranks its applications 1-5...
Golden Bears Throwback... I miss those days
When does school start?
Time Spent Using Berkeley VPN
Berkeley Kite Festival!
Where can I get my UCB id?
Beware of social engineering/hacking
Healthy Eats near campus
What happened on Hearst and Arch?
Any Bears Drum Corp fans?
Where can I find Bay Guardian and SF Weekly?
Spend four days in a cell for 4 million bucks
Are there any groups playing cricket in Berkeley?
Any Dota2 players at Cal?
Question for MechE Majors about computers!
Which community colleges offer me the best chance to get accepted majoring in CS?
Which CS courses using C++?
1br/studios in s berkeley?
Is it "illegal" to sit in on classes?
UC Berkeley student, former inmate, speaks out about solitary confinement
tickets now on sale to general public. does any one actually want to go??
[Literally Hitler Mod] Posts (threads and/or comments) either asking for or offering illicit substances/activities (drugs, prostitution?, etc) are not allowed.
Only mildly interesting, but some trippy graffiti on the side of the Rialto on College
Just graduated :( #2 makes me sad
Runners?
(Transfer) Does L&amp;S admit by major?
anyone have housing for only the fall semester?
Anyone know where to get heroine (without the "E")?
Anyone want to buddy up and find an apartment?
Is Education 98/198 worth taking?
Has anyone seen Lucy around?
Has Anybody Here Taken Stat 158?
What internet speed is fast enough?
Trying to add a Poli Sci class but they're all full...
Answer Questions about UC Berkeley
Yoga in Berkeley?
Piano teachers, who do you suggest?
Finding a driving instructor
Any Housing for just Fall?
Courses on mythology, etc?
Textbooks?
Meanwhile in Berkeley [x-post /r/WTF]
Does anybody know about how many people get in off the waitlist for CS188?
Bikers: how do you get to the top of Claremont Ave?
Are parents weekend activities worth doing?
FYI: Berkeley Kite Festival This Weekend (Expect Traffic on University/Near Marina)
Need Help with Conditions of Admission
Fresh bread and / or bakeries in Berkeley / Albany?
Lost black Cat
"Status" Question: If I'm a junior....
Need help with Conditions of Admission
$5 Stand Up Comedy in 101 Moffitt TONIGHT! Heuristic Squelch's Summer Show!
Football tickets on sale tomorrow - promo code?
Hiring Student Website Coordinator - UC Berkeley Blum Center
ECON 100A Waitlist/Potential Econ Major/Sophomore Fall
complaints about math dept
how much do you tip your professors?
Gott'em
Chances of getting into CS 61A?
2 Tickets to Postal Service for Sat 7/27
Facebook Users Questions
Do any UCB libraries have a book scanner that you do not have to use by hand?
Managed to snap this picture with my phone yesterday
I'm around #150 on the waitlist for upper div CS classes, any chance I can get into them?
Football Season Pass Help
Advice on finding a good co-op for me?
Transportation for someone with crutches?
Where can I get the best fish and chips in Berkeley?
Janet Napolitano cashes in: $575K Salary, Free House, $8K Car Allowance, $142K For Move (this is OUR money)
Moving to Berkeley for Fall for an LBNL internship; can someone please answer some questions about the area?
It would be great if we could vote for RSF in GymFlow (an app which tells you exactly how crowded the gym is before you go). 100 votes can get us in top 5.
Taking a leave of absence....a good idea?
A’s Owners Need To Consider Howard Terminal Stadium Site
Breathtaking early morning view from the fire trails
postal service tickets this friday (2 remaining)
Late night study spots near campus during the Summer?
Web browsing on Berkeley Wi-Fi networks
Serious Issue with Counselor/Adviser - Please Help!
Serious Issue with Counselor/Advisor - Please Help!
Looking for Fall housing. Help!
Berkeley Trip: What places should I check out?
Change to College of Engineering advice?
Using Berkeley Web APIs with Java
This morning, I finally hiked the fire trails. The view was all I could have imagined.
A beautiful view from the fire trails this morning.
What aee your top spots for hooking up in Berekley
Sir Patrick Stewart and Sir Ian McKellen are both in Berkeley!
Any Miller Scholars out there?
Who's the droopy-eyed guy I see in all this graffiti?
What to do during free time in Berkeley before grad school starts?
nothing to do Thursday night? Come to a SQUELCH COMEDY SHOW! 8:00pm, 101 Moffitt, $5!
Tipping at restaurants
Incoming engineer with a question.
Anyone interested in starting a Fantasy Football League?
Does anyone have a moped at Berkeley? I have a few questions.
Anyone here taken a class taught by Robert Reich?
Session E Classes
Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano’s appointment as the University of California’s 22nd president is part of a long tradition of militarizing the university from the top down.
Anyone play League of Legends around here?
Cal alum gives TEDx talk on tuition hikes &amp; public policy
Flash meetup - Anyone want to grab dinner at Pappys around 7?
This site has some inspired shirts for you ganga fans out there.
Restaurant servers of Berkeley, advice on finding work in the East Bay?
Any Must-Take Classes at Cal?
Econ degree?....will I get stuck with a boring cubicle job?
Berkeley Rental Agreement Help
Amazon Local Oakland / East Bay: Basic Front and Rear Brake Pads with Installation in Berkeley: $220.00.. it's a steal, and they have great reviews on Yelp!
This goes through my head at least once a day here
[FREE] Ticket to Atmosphere/Slightly Stoopid @ The Greek Theater
(X-post r/CollegeBasketball) 150+ Teams in 150+ Days: Cal Golden Bears
Free Unadulterated TWINKIES
Man shot, killed on Derby Street, Berkeley's third homicide of the year
A question, hopefully you can help.
Math 1A attendance?
Want to find the best concerts near campus? I built a concert suggestion app for that!
Suggestion on classes for fall 2013
Detroit Lions Release Jahvid Best, Who Called Time in Detroit "Special"
Are there any plans to protest Napolitano?
Any apartment complex recommendations for someone moving to the Berkeley area?
What campus clubs do you recommend joining?
Dropped my Sunglasses on Telegraph this afternoon. Anyone happen to find them?
40 Signs You Went To Berkeley
Anyone know when the new FB jerseys are released for sale?
My biggest problem as a soon to be freshman
Suggestions for an interesting R1B course?
Taking CS 61B without having taken 61A?
What should I take?
SHIP Waiver Denied
Man killed in apparent hit and run at University Avenue overpass Monday morning
Question on AP Credit
What Do 2,358 College Administrators Do?
Tips on a language class.
Chancellor Dirks on NPR "Forum w/Michael Krasny". A neat Q &amp; A.
Rental Car Companies
hype
The CS Department's New GPA Requirements are Unreasonable -- Daily Cal
Hey Berkeley, I need to take an upper division class that is isn't in my major. Does anyone know of one that is easy?
What are really good hidden online resources for Berkeley students?
Outside Lands anyone?
Desktop PC placement in a double room?
Is anyone going to the My Bloody Valentine concert in August?
Anything fun going on in Berkeley this Sunday?
Where's all the punjabi people at?!
Late freshman transcripts?
Thanks so much for coming to the r/Berkeley meetup and making my first time hosting such a success! You're all really awesome.
Where can I do Pull-ups!?
Advice for Applying to Berkeley
Janet Napolitano new UC President [x-post from /r/OperationGrabAss]
"Big Sis" Janet Napolitano, Secretary of Homeland Security to resign and be nominated as the President of the University of California
Looking for a room to share and potentially a job
In a study at Cal, psychologists have found that individuals that are well-off act more unethically than people who aren't.
Any good-hearted anarchist/environmentalist who wants to watch The East?
Postal Service concert tickets for sale!
Applying to UCB as a transfer or as a freshman? (From an international prospect)
gay dude who just moved to UCB looking for dudes, or girls, to chill with, drink, party, talk about hardcore academic things...
Sat 7/13: Town Hall: Housing, Diversity, Economics, Etc.
Anyone have a freebord I can try out?
Help with housing for Boalt Hall.
Is this about right here? (x-post /r/dataisbeautiful)
(x-post from san francisco) Coming to San Francisco in early august, and i'm looking to experience the city from a local's point of view. Are there any reddit ambassadors who want to show me around?
postal service tickets -- july 26th -- any interest?
senior looking for a fun class to take
Best tip for incoming freshmen.
classes to take before graduating
Black dog wandering around berkeley/Oakland border
Anyone have a room available to sublet for the school year?
looking for someone who knows how to use illustrator to design a food label for me $$$
FREE BEER AND POPCORN MAKER
Looking for a roommate!
Looking for a Physics 8B Tutor
r/Berkeley meetup this Friday at Triple Rock
Has anyone taken ESPM 44 with Prof. Mills?
Free/Cheap Date Ideas around the bay area?
Looking for a roommate for our new place, interested?
A lot of people are gonna start asking questions about this, so here is your answer
Berkeley Plugged into Nation's Largest Public Green Energy Coop - Government
Berkeley events
New to Berkeley too, need advice getting used to new area
Just moved here and I don't really know anyone. Anyone wanna hang out?
So I got a campus job and saw a deduction for DCP Safe Harbor
Skipping Classes with AP scores?
Help! New to Berkeley, have a question about housing.
Anyone want to go to a frat party tonight?
Looking for players to join my thirsday night dodgeball team
Since Gabefarishta asked, I'm buying him a beer at the Trappist on College right now!
Boeing 777 crashes while landing at SFO
Any LMI.net user here? Just moved to Berkeley and looking for a good and afforadble ISP.
I ate Cheese Board Pizza for a week and wrote about it
BART Strike Over: Trains to resume running Friday at 3pm
As a new resident of Berkeley, what are some nice places where I can get good alcohol?
Best place to watch the fireworks tonight?
Is BART striking?
Mike and Alan (Berkeley-based musical comedy duo) - BART Strike Blues
Help a Freshman Out…Please?
4th of July
New grad student looking for advice on apartment search (average rent, safe/unsafe areas, where to look for listings); would appreciate current student input!
Restore The Fourth - Event Flyer!
Getting to Oakland Airport during BART strike?
FlashMeetup: Who wants to have lunch at Bongo Burger on Dwight around 1:30?
Landing at OAK tomorrow, options to get back to campus?
We are a team of citizen scientist researchers aiming to cure antibiotic resistant gonorrhea!
What do you guys make of the BART protest?
Check out this new free app that allows you to easily arrange pick-up games on campus.
Going up and staying for a month..? Things to do?
Two confused freshmen and scheduling..
Best AC transit app for iPhone?
Anyone here for the summer wanna jam sometime?
[Bart Protest] I need to find parking tomorrow!
Keys found near North Gate
Does anyone have a link to the reading list for John Searle's Philosophy of Mind course?
Get notified when seats open in your classes!
BART's on strike: suggestions for getting to the SFO airport?
Don't know where else to ask... Anyone have the time to look over my UC personal statement?
Skateboards?
For the bike riders out there
Getting to the Oakland Airport without the BART.
Parties Tonight?
Test bank for Economics courses.
The true numbers behind the Memorial Stadium Upgrade
Cal comes in at #6 for most former players currently in the NFL (xpost from /r/nfl, credit to /u/gridirongamer)
Places to crash?
Cal scrambling to cover stadium bill
Paid student survey and possibility of in-office study. $3 for survey, $25 gift card for in-office study!
Cal Athletics supports the LGBT community. Why this is an issue anywhere is beyond me.
Anyone familiar/experienced using Berkeley's Career Center?
Looking for a nice place to have wine at in Berkeley.
Dabbers, BHO Connoisseurs and Extract Artists:
Any experience with the Maximo Martinez Commons? The good the bad and the ugly?
Cal's Allen Crabbe is going to the Portland Trailblazers. Good Luck in the NBA!
Nigerian immigrant one of 10 to win prestigious scholarship
Former Cal guard Allen Crabbe drafted by the Portland Trailblazers
Cal Guard Allen Crabbe Drafted 2nd Round 1st Pick to the Cleveland Cavaliers
Cal scrambling to cover stadium bill
I NEED ADVICE: I want to go to Berkeley, I want to be an inventor. What schools/majors?
How Not to Defend Athiesm [x-post from r/cringe] (Sproul Plaza, no. 1 spot on r/cringe right now)
Definitely not poor, but I keep getting grants! Help?
What happens if you never pay library fines?
Engineer/illustrator needed
Cheapest place for HDMI cable?
Transcript Request from Registrar
Looking to play some soccer.
When does Christmas break for the 2013-2014 school year end?
FREE STUFF!!!
ESPM PhD Program-how important is research experience?
I have a question about CA residency and qualifying for instate tuition.
What SAT scores and GPA scores did you guys get?
EECS plans on jamming local WiFi? I found this in my mail today. What does it mean?
so can any of you design pretty gfx and/or videos?
Help A Berkeley Skydeck Incubator Startup OUT!
Graduated a couple of years ago, but this was my favorite stall in VLSB.
Taking a leave of absence? Pros? Cons? Advice please?
Question about IM Soccer
On campus all summer for EMT/MCAT classes. Need help to access internet
where to look for tutors?
Anytime someone asks me what Math I'm taking...
MCB 150 and 150L Lectures/Midterms
How hard is it to transfer from L&amp;S to the school of Engineering?
Want to earn $10? Android Device required!
Any future occupational therapists?
It's a long shot, but anyone else going to tomorrowland in Belgium next month
CalTEACH
In need of a ladder...
anyone interested in postal service tickets?
View of the moon from Lawrence Hall of Science last night
We're #1! We're #1! Finally Cal Football takes home a #1 prize
Parking in Berkeley
I'm taking Chem 3B this summer. If you are too, let's be friends.
Question about the Manville studio apartments for UCB graduate students
College of Letters and Science to implement computer science GPA requirement
Is there anyone currently living in Beverly Cleary that can let me in to get my bike?
Ideas for emergency housing plans?
CC transfer student a bit nervous about a few things. Do you think I will land on my feet when I get there?
Going to CalSO- good food places in SF and Berkeley?
so, i might be moving to Berkeley after the new year, if you could give me some tips on what to look for, avoid, definitely do or do not i would greatly appreciate it.
Curious: do you Cal students get out into other areas of Berkeley?
Idea for a night out on the Berkeley campus or San Francisco?
(x-post from Pics) Beautiful VLSB
Haas' new tables seem to be exploring the campus.
How easy is transferring out of L&amp;S?
Help me buy football tickets!
Cal’s new stadium renovation leaves school with huge debt to pay off
Bringing a Motorcycle: Good or Bad Idea?
Hungry Homeless Berkeley Students
In Berkeley for the summer and looking to meet new people.
Hungry Homeless Berkeley Students!
Hungry Homeless Berkeley Students!
Basketball and football tickets (incoming grad student)
Paying for summer classes
Dodgeballing in Oakland!
New Alums or Cal GOLD (graduates of the last decade)...
Restore The Fourth SF needs your help!
Help with housing for 2 grad students!
Health food startup looking for ways to network utilizing Cal.
Best places to ride a bike in berkeley?
What the hell is going on in the Ashby/Telegraph area?
So, what is the weather really like?
Looking to earn some money? Record your voice for me, get paid $10! Android Only.
Where can I watch the USA v Honduras game tomorrow?
Would anyone be willing to show a visiting UCSD student around Berkeley?
Cal student Michael Kim at the U.S. Open
Possible gang-related shooting on Telegraph and Channing.
Looking for sparring/wrestling partners
What tips/advice would you give to a high school student who aspires to enroll at Berkeley?.
3rd year Physics classes
Where to eat good, cheap food around campus?
dsas account money
Anyone driving down to LA either today or tomorrow?
Congratulations Berkekey High Graduating Class of 2013!
Reminder to stay classy for the /r/CFB Stanfurd post that will inevitably come tomorrow
Cross-post from /CFB: 132+ Teams in 132+ Days: California Golden Bears
Recent college grad murdered in Oakland on his way home from the RSF following a traffic collision
Do you know a current CalSO counselor? I'd like to speak with one.
Question for Berkeley dropouts
Admitted Freshman: What are the downsides to majoring in Computer Science through L+S instead of Engineering?
Where should I (incoming grad student) live?
Qualcomm CEO Gives UC Berkeley $20 Million for Innovation
Looking for goalkeeper for IM Soccer this summer!
missing person: Simone La Brecque
Dance workshops, classes, etc.?
Anyone interested in recording your voice for $10? Android Device Required!
how popular is biking/rollerblading to class?
Dykes to require new Cal football recruits to stay in dorms for two years
Best RSF classes for an extremely out of shape person?
What's an easy R1B or R5B class to take to fulfill the college requirement?
What just flew over berkeley?
Advice for Chem 3A over the summer?
Anybody taking E7?
Where can I get an apartment this late for a good price?
Getting into RSF
Airbears2
Sororities or fraternities?
Fire at Nash Hotel on University
Less than a week till Calso and I don't know what classes I will take
Transfer looking for advice
UGBA 101A
A few questions from an incoming EECS freshman.
Are you currently living in Unit 1, 2, or 3? Wanna be in a short comedy film, or help out?
Anyone have experience with Blue and Gold and taking CAL extension classes?
RESTORE THE FOURTH RALLY
Can I get Microsoft Office through the school?
Can you take lower div major prereqs at a CC?
On-campus printing on Sundays?
Best way to get to UC Berkeley to Downtown SF via Public Transportation
Need advice from anyone who is currently double majoring in physics and music
Advice for CS61A Preparation
What are some great unknown lower division Humanities courses?
Deferring admission
New UC Berkeley operating system uniquely controls discrete 'manycore' resources like "touch-screen" walls, furniture, and windows.
The Berkeley Compass Project offers a free two-week summer program for incoming science students: Apply now to move in to the dorms early and start doing science!
How long after graduation are our CalNet IDs valid for?
Getting from Southside of campus to North
Discover Berkeley, 30 Days | 30 Docs - Short Documentary Project in Berkeley. needs help/ideas!
Getting Adobe CS6 as a student?
West Berkeley safety?
About EE42 and CS61c content...
High Speed internet in Berkeley
Textbooks?
Housing Tips?
So, this sucks Bowles...
Being a Reader for a class?
Good date places in Berkeley/Oakland?
AirBears2 coming June 10th; Persistent authentication and wireless encryption are finally here!
Advice on Class Choices
is the mechanical engineering machine shop in etcheverry open during the summer?
Berkeley improves today’s concrete by way of the Ancient Romans.
Transfer student majoring in CS seeking advice for Fall classes
Looking for a cheaper way to get a reader from class.
Huge financial block.
Trustworthy plumber in Berkeley?
Does anyone know where I can find Putnam Porn?
Incoming fall freshman with a few questions about living in Berkeley and moving away from home (actual question inside)
Need to find a good mechanic
A look at our new basketball floor
Goalball at UC Berkeley (Saw it on the news the other day)
Incoming Freshman schedule for EECS...
Anyone know if the ESS is available during the summer?
Picture from saturday's bomb threat at channing circle
Anyone else having this problem while walking on dimly lit sidewalks?
Thinking about transferring to a CC....
Anyone former military using their GI Bill?
Anyone around for summer have the card game Sentinels of the Multiverse?
Two classes during the same summer session, bad idea?
Is taking Chem 3A for fall semester freshman year a good idea?
Meet up tomorrow 1pm to 3pm on Memorial Glade
What is the best used book store in Berkeley?
Concerts at the greek theater
Minnesota guy again, best places/activities to meet people in Berkeley?
Landis properties
I am flying into SFO. Is getting to campus as complicated as from Oakland?
Economics 100B with Raymond Hawkins
All Rude Boys come out to Gilman Ska Night (924 Gilman) for a good time. Doors at 7:00
Berkeley student interview: Star Trek Into Darkness w/ Simon Pegg &amp; John Cho
Just moved here from Minnesota, anyone trying to play basketball?
Incoming freshman, free software?
Went for an early morning walk and ran into a homeless dude at 6am. We got Starbucks and did poetry next to the creek. Hope you see this, David!
Switching majors from Chemistry to Chemical Engineering?
Is Calmail down?
Telebears Down?
Signing up for Summer Edge, should I take 7-breadth requirements pass/no pass?
I am flying in to Oakland for CalSO. What is the best/safest way to get to campus from the airport?
Summer Job Tips?
Help with housing?
Looking for stuff to do tonight? My hip-hop collective is holding a show at Ear Peace Records.
Did someone say Oski Pillow Pet? Yes please!
Summer financial aid question
Summer activities/organizations?
Any Berkeley City College students know about grades?
Bus to go up/down Hearst?
I'm a transfer EECS student, and I have some questions about picking classes for the fall
Question about Computer Science in L&amp;S department for transfer students
CS Upper Division class pre-requisites
Should I take the internship if I am going to apply to Haas? How important is an internship to Haas?
L&amp;S Freshman Schedule (CS/Econ)
Business cards for students?
Best Internet Provider in Berkeley
Who wants to meet up for a bit on Monday April 3rd?
Switching cell carriers. Who has signal and who doesn't?
Just finished my first semester here at UC Berkeley with straight C's
I'm moving out and I'm trying to sell my TV, but I haven't gotten any offers yet. If you're looking for a TV, please take a look at mine. (I also have a stand for it that I can include with the TV)
As a current EECS student to my high school self
FREE GREENBOOKS/GREEN SCANTRONS
Need a twin size bed? PM me!
Can you believed someone abandoned this masterpiece outside of Sheng Kee? Berkeley is truly a community of artists.
Free clothes hangers, a chair and lamp
Is there a secret way to get the people at Cal Student Central to pick up the phone?!
Has anyone taken the DELE exam (Spanish language test) in San Francisco?
Urgent: Good mechanic?
Seeking subletter for June 1st to last week of august! $600!!!
L&amp;S CS freshman schedule?
Why is my CalNet identity in all capital letters?
Looking for drummer, bassist, and singer to join a progressive/technical metal band in Berkeley
Free 21" monitor w/ VGA cable!
Room to rent on Hillegass
Things to do before Orientation
Has anyone taken IntegBi 144 with Lacey?
UC Berkeley Girls?
Sublet / Rent rooms available June 1
Best cellphone carrier?
Free clothes! Male, mostly size S,M. Also, dorm-size bedsheets!
Need an i-clicker or i-clicker 2?
free narwhal plushie! also, anyone have a bathroom scale that I can borrow (or know where I can get one cheaply)?
Boards of Canada, anyone?
I just tried to access bspace and was redirected to "bspace-demo.berkeley.edu". Chrome stopped me saying it might be malicious and a fake website to collect Calnet log-ins. Anyone seen this before or have any info?
How to confirm graduating with distinction?
Easiest Upper Division Courses?
I plan on applying to Haas as a transfer from community college. How hard should I be trying right now to get an internship that I could put on my application?
Fun/interesting Upper-Division courses for the Fall '13?
Thoughts on Stealing?
Any one live at Library Gardens?
Fall Schedule Question
Incoming Freshman worried about getting rescinded
Fall 2013 Course-load: Stat 134 vs IEOR 172
Please message your professor or counselor instead of asking a subreddit full of people who know nothing about you or your issue
Has anyone had success recently acquiring a fake ID?
NOT in Haas....but want to take haas classes?
Anyone looking for a summer sublease, or need a place to stay long term? I have an open bedroom in my apartment in Berkeley for $725/mo.
Soc 1 Final Grades
Summer rent: $2625 / 2br - 600ft² - Sunny 2BR, New Building w/ Rooftop Garden, Available June
Anyone have experience with waitlisted summer session courses?
English R1A and R&amp;C Requirements for College of Engineering.
Currently looking for a documentary topic, what are some amazing causes in the bay that you think deserve more attention?
Some of the food I've made here these past few years
Champions league final near Berkeley
Average water bill?
Love the Berkeley.edu site? Hate it? Take the three question survey by clicking the top right button on the website!
Have a desk you're trying to get rid of?
Greek Theatre and your ears
Academic Probation...am I kicked out?
Telebears Oracle [Past enrollment visualization]
Physics 8B Question
How long does our RSF membership last?
Looking to rent out a room from June - August
Suggestions for summer activities in Berkeley?
Install Bootcamp on my Macbook (have student windows cd key) - $20
$$ for your class pass
Haas Econ double major: worth it?
Best clubs/groups to join on campus to make friends?
Question about grading for repeated courses
Question about CS 61A Lab and Discussion Sections
Best High-Speed Internet/HDTV combo in Berkeley?
When do grades for the semester get posted?
Hey r/berkeley! I'm a current high schooler, and am currently doing a project on Berkeley. Was wondering if anyone would be willing to answer a few questions? :3
Subletter needed for North Berkeley apt
When I have my mom's cooking after a year of Crossroads food...
UCLA student need quick assistance regarding class catalogs
50% off Papa John's Pizza this week
Cal's Club Baseball Team
Who was it with the huge entourage this morning?
SELL your Cal Bachelor Gown Package to ME
Homeless man receives masters degree in engineering from UC Berkeley
Need help deciding between Civil Engineering or Cognitive Science
Does anyone have any large boxes lying around?
Remembering Jessica Lum, Cal j-schooler who continued education as she died of cancer
Good cat-sitting services?
Parties?
Fall: Where da party at?
Fellow frugal bears, how do you spend your time in Berkeley, especially the evenings?
What was with general commencement today?
So, how about that general commencement?
I signed with a summer tenant, but she didn't show up to move-in and isn't answering my calls.
This is a shot in the dark, but...
2nd year ChemE, what classes to take
I know this is a shot in the dark, but does anyone have a medical card that is willing to help out?
This came to offer free party. I hope he doesn't harvest my organs.
Anyone wanna party?
You had ONE JOB, balcony.
Graduation Tickets
Cal EECS students?
The dorm move out situation is FUCKED UP.
Australian exchange student needing help!
Oprah's "all-time favorite guest" graduates from Berkeley this semester... I had a 9 person class with her this semester and had no idea how amazing her story is until I saw it on Google News; she's such a down to earth baller. Congrats Tererai!
I have an extra commencement ticket for Sat
Flying out of Oakland? Take AC Transit!
Having trouble finding where I belong/friends, feeling lonely. Advice? :(
Inventor of the laser and UCB physicist Charles Townes (x-post /lasers)
A PSA to those with xfinity/Comcast internet...
Be safe partying after finals and for graduation. BPD plans DUI checkpoint at San Pablo and Jones this Friday night!
So I hear we're allowed to decorate graduation caps...
guy masterbating in mainstacks into a book
Has nobody noticed this yet?
FEMA Plans Clear-Cutting of 85,000 Berkeley and Oakland Trees
UC Berkeley Accept Me | Welcome me into the institution of supreme enlightenment
Sethian math 53 final?
Sethian math 53 final?
Cheap sash for graduation?
Chances of getting into Berkeley?
Such a Berkeley license plate.
Best place to sell books?
2009 iMac for sale - $500 (x-post r/SFlist)
What I'm going to miss most about Cal when I graduate.
What to do after graduated life, but stuck in Berkeley.
Attending graduation without a ticket?
Will be handing out cookies at Moffitt tonight around 8 or 8:30! Comment with carrell number for a delicious delivery
I've got this big box of pastries I'll be offering out by the main entrance to Moffit, tonight at 8. Stop by for a free pastry!! :)
What courses are you taking this summer?
"Off the beat: The feminist conundrum" - daily cal fail
Help! I can't find a place to live this Fall!
So...What happens if I fail my finals?
Anyone studying abroad this Fall ('13) semester and need to sublet their apartment?
UC Berkeley Alums make med school parody video of Tegan and Sara's "Closer"
If only the view from the Big C looked like this
If you haven't yet don't forget to use your Amazon Prime trial. Discount on textsbooks and free 2 day shipping. + extras
Anoncon Spring 2013: Part 2
What are your favorite non-chain/local/health-food grocery stores in the Bay?
HELP! Transfer applicant appealing rejection decision
Whats the best way to masturbate without leaving the library (stacks or moffit)
CalNet login down?
UC Berkeley has the second highest number of top ten academic programs of any university in the world (new QS Rankings). Go Bears.
Cookie Attack by Berkeley Students
Damages in my room
Question about CAL football from a new Purdue Alumni
UC Berkeley Love is the best finals destressor? What does berkeley think?
An 18-year-old wunderkind named top graduating senior
Local Psychiatrist/Psychologist recommendations?
anyone else on /r/berkeley freaking the fuck out?
I could really use your help!
Freshman Art Class
Computer Science/EECS students, how hard your lives are?
where to eat after commencement ceremony?
Getting desperate, need to find a subletter for this summer as soon as possible.
Financial aid? California residency?
How are the Co-op on campus?
Looking to couch surf Saturday night after finals!
Engineering 7: Matlab, couple of questions
Auditing a class?
re: Farting in class
Are basketball and football games (other than the important ones), usually pretty empty?
DONT FORGET BEARS..
That awkward moment during finals when you find yourself utterly ecstatic over claiming an entire 4 person table in Stacks... And then realize you've completely lost your grip on reality.
That awkward moment during finals when you find yourself utterly ecstatic over claiming an entire 4 person table at Stacks.... And then realizing you've completely lost your grip on reality.
Summer class waitlists?
Star Trek midnight release?
My dad in India just sent me this link.
Anyone know of any solid writing workshops/meetups/groups?
Question about transferring AP credit.
This is a great idea. Props to the student who came up with this!
Curve in 61A?
Graduation Question
Being friends with 1st years has its benefits
How do Universities evaluate foreign students?
Stress dogs?
Berkeley's Most Lovable Weirdos
Are there any beginner friendly sports teams playing on campus this summer?
Urgently needed-2 mics
Anything interesting happening in SF this weekend?
On Berkeley's Chipotle
Is a NP bad?
Naked Run Spring 2013 Videos?
Interested in transferring to Berkeley.
Daily Cal: Intellectual Protectionism at Cal
Turning in two very similar essays... Acceptable?
How do people find reliable and high quality trees?
Where are the pictures from this years naked run?!
Naked Run Spring 2013
Does anyone want to meet up tomorrow and slap me in the face? No joke. I'll slap you too if you'd like! watch this video then PM me if you're interested. I could really use your help.
Can't get into Berkeley summer classes? Get a text message when the class you want opens up!
Anyone know the details of the Naked Run this semester?
Entitled Haasholes create petition to have their grades retroactively improved...
Encouraged by The OC?
Things to do alone around Berkeley..
Anyone looking to sublease an entire 2-Bedroom apartment on Piedmont &amp; Haste over summer?
Finding an apartment for July move in?
Go Warriors!
Bike to Work Day is Tomorrow! FREE PANCAKES! (xpost from /r/BABike)
Global Accessibility Awareness Day event on campus May 9th
In the Main Stacks, Girl (Yung G ft. Ric Marxxx HOT NEW SINGLE 2013)
Moving Options
Two transfer student looking for a home with 1-2 others
Only 150 out of 3500+ US colleges produce a return on investment. Of those, UC Berkeley ranks 21st. You can expect an 11% ROI on your investment, and even more than that if you went to community college first.
How does GitHub determine the "featured" and "trending" repos on the "Explore" page?
Looking for summer roommate, 2437 Peidmont $675 (negotiable)
International student coming for the Summer, looking for housing/advice
Late night this week
Is there anyone here who got into Berkeley with only 2 years of a world language?
Putnam Porn Link?
what parties are going on this week?
Beware of crime during dead week you guys
New Berkeley Freshmen, need advice on Classes
Living in Lothlorien (Co-op)?
AnonCon
How hard is it to get into Berkeley?
Men's Basketball Team Survey
Cap and Gown
optom 10 review session tomorrow
You guyz. Super awesome room available for you. Pictures inside.
Are there any specific frats throwing party tonight?
Where can I get a pretzel dog in (or near) Berkeley?
Housing at UC Berkeley
Looking for interior decorator consulting in Berkeley
What did you guys get on your ACT/SATs?
Need one or two people to takeover a spacious room in an apartment on south side.
This time of year
Agora Startup/Cedar House
GREAT MEETUP EVERYONE BEST SHOWING YET
WHERE IS EVERYONE
Reminder: /r/berkeley meetup today at the Glade
REMINDER: meetup today May 4th (1pm-3pm), Memorial Glade, Potluck/Games
Ra-On concert Saturday, May 4th, at La Pena Cultual Center in Berkeley. Korean Rock
ANONCON: SPRING 2013
Getting into co-op help?
Thursday: Howard Spero speaks on Climate Change and the Shifting Seas at Berkeley City College
Comedy Show On Campus Today!! (5/3-5/4)
UC Berkeley Helps Facebook Be as Emotionally Rich as Possible
Getting rid of books
Can anyone host a UCLA student on Saturday night?
Oooh..mah...gawd...
UCLA or UCB for Biochemistry
HELP - Lost Library Book!
Anyone have a cap and gown to lend or rent?
Does anyone know anything about the Berkeley Apartments - Renaissance Villas?
What's this I hear about free custom T-shirts?
These are some thoughts from a senior.
"May Day" spray paint -- wat.
Looking for Laura Nader's Controlling Processes Readers
Oh, Berkeley...
I need help! Can you take this quick survey for my school project please?
What the fuck happened to AnonCon 2013?
Anyone here in Anthropology 3AC with Xin Liu?
Rails Developers?
Incense?
Has anyone taken IAS 106?
UCB Pillow Pet?!??!??
Why are there so many people camping around Berkeley?
Why are there so many people camping around Berkeley?
THE 13 MOVIE REVIEWS IN ONE MINUTE GAME! Filmed in Dwinelle
Alright everyone, HONEST opinions on Berkeley? (specifically the social scene &amp; your particular social life, since we all know it's got TOP NOTCH academics)
alright everyone, HONEST opinons of Berkeley? (particularly the social life, since we already know about the academics!)
Looking for a relaxed new roommate [Northside]
Alright this is serious. Your honest options on Berkeley
What's the best place to get coffee near campus these days?
An artist friend of mine is looking for a place on campus, or close to it, where he can exhibit his art collection. He has skills for sure.
Meetup thread! Saturday May 4th (1pm-3pm), Memorial Glade, Potluck/Games
Davis engineering student planning on taking classes over summer to graduate. Suggestions?
How to choose breadths (interests vs relevance) and about seminars?
U.C. Berkeley chancellor Robert Birgeneau makes list of 500 most powerful people in the world
Where to buy furniture for tall people close to Berkeley?
Primal Scream: Get it all out before finals ROARR
Berkeley Physicist plan to create "time crystal"
It's that time of year again
Need help connecting bmail to my gmail
Checking mail from bmail on my gmail account
Need help with going to a party
Oculus rift
Seeking Summer Sublet in Berkeley
Know any free student resources to take advantage of before graduation? (i.e. Adobe Suite, MS Office)
Any co-op parties going on this weekend or next weekend?
Construction at Haas is complete! Looks pretty similar to before, but still fantastic
Hello Berkeley, Maybe you've seen two blonde guys with huge backpacks. I'm trying to be as sensational as possible. :)
Mac hard disk screwed; final paper due next week. Advice?
Oddly Specific Request: Does any one in Berkeley have Color Correction equipment for monitors that I can borrow?
Anybody know where they sell green and purple scantrons?
Rochdale Information?
TONS of police at Downtown Berkeley Bart Station around 10pm (?)
What would you do with $1 Million?
For your internet speed and money, use a local ISP!
Poli Sci 179 - Last Week's Speaker?
What happened to munchonme?
ADVICE ON WHERE TO LIVE PLZ
FOUND: Motorcycle or Bike Keys on the sidewalk in front of Foothill (Unit 4)
Co-Ed Soccer League (x-post r/bayarea)
Grad school housing questions.
Advice on where to live?
A question for transfer students
LOST- Cal ID Card (Ashby BART Area)
The search function is there for a reason....
Last minute co-op chances?
Could a student or recent student talk to me about your experiences at Cal.
What is the PS179 final like?
Short term (1 week) summer storage?
Can some transfers help me out?
Comedy Album Recording on UC Berkeley Campus May 3 and 4
Reused Email Addresses and Internet Security Issues
Question regarding apartment laws
Who is teaching CS 61a this fall?
Just got into Cal for grad school at Goldman. I've got questions - you've got my answers.
Meetup the first Saturday of Dead Week? (May 4th)
Kind of a silly question, but what @berkeley.edu email should a new student choose?
Economics 100A with Prof. Kamala
King of VLSB
My name is Executive Vice President Nolan Pack and I have a tiny cack.
So, blacked out, lost my glasses
Soccer fans?
Who's screeching in Memorial Glade?
Question about UCB International Study (from a UK Student)
Titans select Cal's Schwenke in 4th round
Question about subletting in berkeley
Question about in-state/out-of-state tuition
The quintessential "Hey I was just excepted to UC Berkeley" post regarding housing
Bus riders of Berkeley! What are some of your AC transit horror stories?
ATTN UCB students: i need someone to use the 3d printer for me
Geographers &amp; Rouge Wave
Anyone have a soldering iron?
are there co op parties today?
Didn't get into UC Berkeley. Thanks for the ride r/Berkeley
what do u guys think of this chart? accurate?
Brace yourselves...
Wasted, shoeless atheist throws a fit at a picketing Christian. Anyone here witness this showdown?
More iPhone 5 wallpapers, this time with photos.
Lol. Dirichi u are Hella funny and cute too. "@dritchie_chad: I'm so boring then..RMe..."Zicmilitary: Most pretty girls aint funny.""
Thurs: Christof Koch speaks on Big Neuroscience and the work of the Allen Institute for Brain Science building an atlas of the mammalian neocortex
IEOR, ORMS &amp; Haas Questions
I found this on Facebook... lol.
Co-op info needed. Help.
the most expensive house for sale in Berkeley right now
UC Berkeley Student Proposal Would Tax Oil, Gas For Education
PSA: Stop making accounts using other people's real names!
Questions about making money at Berkeley.
Theater 10?
A friend took a GoPro to Holi and this was the end result
I'm Insane - Revenge Station
Sproul Flyers (xPost from r/AdviceAnimals)
Best time to find an apartment for June move-in?
Come to sproul between 12pm - 2pm April/25 to get free sliver Pizza!
PSA: Sperry Top-Sider is bringing Rogue Wave + Geographer to Memorial Glade this Friday! There's gonna be cool stuff like games and prizes.
Possible Early Acceptance Accident?
Transfer decisions coming out 4/26!
On waitlist for Music 20A
Don't mess with David Patterson...
EPIC BERKELEY DUEL [1:00]
THANK YOU BERKELEY! FOR STANDING UP TO THE TERRORIST MURDERER STATE OF ISRAEL!!
This hip hop orchestra is playing in my class tomorrow morning. Read about'em in the Daily Cal the other day. Seems cool enough.
Help our Berkeley sociology grade with 2,500 views! Win!
Le Petit Market on Northside is gone :(
R/BERKELEYHOUSING IS NOW AFLOAT AND LOOKING FOR MODERATORS
The roommate search is afoot!
Join Us in the Fight Against the Stanford Enlightened!
How long does General Commencement last?
Last few days to register for Berkeley Mystery Hunt 2013
A law student thought this was legal?
Good places to go for a run?
FREE EARLY SCREENING to "Pain and Gain" (directed by Michael Bay, that Transformers dood) on Thursday, 7:30PM at Wheeler Aud.
Engineering undergrad. Waltzing with the ARDrone ;)
[Hiring] Minus App is now taking applications for Summer and Fall College interns and college reps.
What is the best class to fullfil the Philosophy and Values breath from L&amp;S?
Looking for Summer Subletters - Northside. $650/mo.
CalnetID Help
Does anyone rent from Square One Management?
Any free swimming pools in Berkeley?
Two Cal iPhone 5 wallpapers I created. New Bear Logo and Original Seal.
Looking For Group: DnD, Pathfinder, Pen and Paper RPG's in general.
The Quad!
Advice on whether to go to Cal or UCLA
Recently admitted student here, did anyone else going to Cal did not like the party atmosphere there, if so did you grow accustomed to it?
Best computer for incoming freshman?
Valuing the Cost of College [X-Post from /personalfinance]
Best way to kill yourself on campus?
Can someone get me a copy of this paper?
Question about EECS degree.
Has anyone seen the flyer for a Free Copywriting Class?
Watch this video of awesome people on the Cal campus
Can't sign up on telebears for Intro to Archeology
A legitimate reason to miss telebears
[meta] How do people feel about using /r/berkeley for housing search?
Looking for female subletter for the summer! $600/mo.
Student Advocate's Office is hosting a free Residency Workshop at 7pm on Wednesday in the Unit 1 APR
Wait listed for FPF. What are the chances of getting in?
Found this awesome photo of the Campanile
Made this website for Psychology of Sleep. Lot's of good tips!
Really though, fuck telebears
Looking for Roommates - Berkeley North Side Apartment - Right Behind Foothill (2BR)
Long term parking for an incoming freshman
Looking for that bitch named Molly. Anyone seen her?
Foreign grad student; places to stay near UCB? Also, good time to appear?
Subletting Question
Anyone have any pictures from 420 at the glade?
Check out what came out of my dick this morning
So you think Berkeley's 4/20 scene is crazy? Check out this 2.5lb joint from UCSC.
Need Photos/Information about foothills suites
A huge THANK YOU to everyone who came to the student art print sale yesterday and today!! Thank you for supporting both the art department and student artists here at Cal!
Absolutely best Pho in the relative area (including Oakland)?
How are the berk housing on college? Any opinions?
Need a Sublet for the Summer?
Everything including the kitchen sink
Cal Baseball student tickets?
SNSD Tiffany Hwang's older sister attended Cal
Walking around with parents on 4/20... What should I be prepared for?
Recently admitted freshman, questions about HIV clinics in Berkeley
Who wants to celebrate 4/20 at midnight tonight? I'll see everyone at the glade.
Yay 5000 Bears! Two quick announcements to... celebrate?
Things to do in Berkeley tonight?
Any pro Dota2 players who go to Berkeley?
Petition to the Music Department to create more Music and Technology courses (from the STEM point of view)
So this apparently happened
ASUC Senate passes Israeli divestment bill SB 160--"According to the bill, these companies provide equipment, materials and technology to the Israeli military, including bulldozers and biometric identification systems."
Bruce Ames, one of the most cited scientists of all time, to speak on aging-related diseases at BCC Wednesday
Cell phone coverage
ASUC Election 2013 Results Announced
CS Major most likely to be capped at 3.0 starting either next fall or spring (spoke to a cs adviser)
Trying to drop a summer class aka won't be taking any summer classes at all. Withdrawal process/fees question.
UC Berkeley accepts fewer in-state applicants for fall 2013
Looking for a Roommate
Student wins e-sports scholarship for outstanding performance in Starcraft 2 (x-post from r/starcraft)
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you L&amp;S Advising
Questions from a prospective student.
UC Students Demonstrate How Drones Can Help You
The criteria for "terrorist threats" by NTAS' Emergency Management Department can be applied to an all too familiar government...
Time lapse video of a project we (a handful of Landscape Architecture undergrads) did for the San Francisco Flower &amp; Garden show.
Live Stream: ASUC Senate discusses contentious divestment bill
Final exam conflict - what do I do if the profs are dicks about it?
Anyone looking for a subletter?
CS Upper Divs
Are there any campus clubs where I can practice my singing?
August Leases?
Do you think I can get in?
Just hit 5,000 subscribers! GO BEARS!
Telebears love... [NSFWindows]
As a guy, this is an unexpected perk to going to Berkeley.
As a senior..
Looking for a housemate for next year - only $400/m rent!
Friendly Reminder: Cal Day is this Saturday, April 20th aka 4/20
Class of 2017 looking for roommate!
Evolutionary Biology?
How can I use my science knowledge to volunteer tutoring students in schools in the area?
Looking for feedback on an app!
Internships for CS and business majors!
Any insight on the Fall Program for Freshmen?
Anyone looking to adopt a cat?
Ending my lurker career to share this cool internship/contest website I found.
Any musicians out there??
Are there scales at the RSF?
This makes me so happy. Hang in there bears, we have good times ahead of us.
Groceries on Northside?
PSA: Green Day is playing the Greek tonight. Expect Northside to be crazy beginning around 5pm
Advice regarding Graduate Housing
Want to know of all the best tech events in the Bay Area each week? Check and subscribe to this free weekly newsletter!
Student art print sale!! This Friday and Saturday, 12-4pm in 265 Kroeber Hall (second floor)!
Researching bed bugs at Berkeley - help me out please (Can win a $25 gift card!)
Berkeley in One Word.
Has anyone else been noticing a bunch of really small earthquakes lately?
We almost got hit by a car tonight...intentionally.
Runners of Berkeley, consider wear a running shirt/shoes tomorrow in honor of Boston.
Can I phase 2 'Chinese 1X'? I have phase 2 on July 15th
At least eight Berkeley residents and students safe after Boston Marathon explosions
New survey to help online recruiting!
Got to love the token white guy
Upper Division Elective Suggestions?
Good Upper Divs to take with CS150?
Getting classes without CalSo
Favorite/most interesting class you've taken?
Shameless plug. This is my soc project...Please watch!
How to Prepare For Berkeley
Good spot to view stars/meteor shower?
Can I signup for classes without CalSo ?
Seeking roommates
Where to get adderall?
critique my EECS schedule?
Cal is getting desperate in getting royalty money. Bear nuts anyone?
Berkeley kids on Sproul video
GSI said he would raise my grade if I blew him, I did it but he hasn't raised my grade.
Site for Cal Students to Anonymously Rant, Rave.. &amp; Hook-up (don't be fooled by the cutesy layout)
A site for Cal students to Rant, Rave...&amp; Hook-up? Lolwut is this, has anyone tried it out?
Llamas
Does anyone have a soldering iron thermometer that I can use?
Anyone going down to Coachella next weekend?
Cool shot of stranger at Holi-send him this if you know him!
Does the student store usually have a discount on Cal Day?
How to pick a dorm?
Kevin Padian speaks on Dinosaurs and Evolution Wednesday
Plain Background
Cal Day 2013 performers: The Antlers
2-unit Historical Studies breadth class?
Holi 2013 @ Foothill
Anyone else have fun at holi?
My FB feed right now...
I know there are lots of post like this, but I need some advice on choosing between schools..
UC Berkeley's New Era
Decisions Time: Berkeley vs UCLA
EECS Major and Statistics Major/Minor?
This infographic uses the terrible UC logo. I thought it was decided to not use it.
how to get into coop parties?
Fellow Cal students! Help our group get an A on our Soc project by watching this short (1 min) video!
Psych 133 Waitlist
Math 104 over the summer
Any thoughts on Bitcoin?
WTF is wrong with them?!
BareStage's Putnam County Spelling Bee (an hilarious musical) opens tonight!
How dare I, a heterosexual male, glance at an attractive woman that passes me by?! Clearly I am evil incarnate.
Fridays
masturbating spiderman
As a newly admitted student, how do I housing?
Housing options outside of Berkeley
As a freshmen, how do I find an apartment for next year? HELP
Berkeley Servers Down?
Berkeley used to be so much cooler...(at least for the men)
1 hour left to vote in the ASUC Elections
Unfortunately I wasn't admitted to Berkeley, so I decided to go all out with my appeal. I think you guys'll like it!
Any great business-related classes to take for practical experience without actually being in Haas?
Looking for subletter in North West side of Berkeley.
In just a couple days, 23 incredibly lucky UC Berkeley students will furiously update their resumes regarding the results of the election.
Want free tickets to Dispatch at the Greek Theatre on 6/15?
Every morning, without fail
"Swipe You A Drank"
EE105 without EE40?
Meanwhile on r/Stanford...
comedy reminder: Heuristic Squelch Standup Comedy Show TONIGHT (4/11) in 101 Morgan!
How to Survive as an Extension Student at UC Berkeley.
Summer Session Finals
Greek Theater
Anybody know of any places that do 6 month lease?
Meanwhile, on r/Stanford.
Look who I saw in the No Bike Zone
Questionable ASUC Elections Campaigning Tactics
starting a decal. share your experience and tips
If anyone wants 20% off at the student store, here you go.
BCC Seminars for the Remainder of the Semester. Filippenko, Padian and Koch, Oh My!
Brainwave based authentication prototype from UC Berkeley
LOST PHONE IN STANLEY
DAE think that the new logo looks like the bear is crying?
New Cal Athletic Visual Branding (Football Uniforms!)
The New Cal Football Uniforms
Have any of you failed a CS class before?
Looking for 1 more person for housing? I'm your guy!
Scooter Question
The biggest circle jerk and idiotic post ever
Muir Woods Marathon
Cal is back in its rightful position ahead of Stanford, Go Bears!
How the recent posts on the Berkeley CS Facebook group have been making me feel
Jake and Amir on the ASUC elections
best berkeley classes?
Best place to shit on campus?
Advice on choosing a school…
How hard is it to change to p/np after the deadline? L&amp;S.
Anybody have any old DDR2 ram laying around?
The new Cal football helmet design revealed!
Calday is on 4/20 this year...
Best place to get a haircut?
Is it worth it to graduate a semester early?
ASUC Elections begin at 9am Tuesday. Vote early so that you can tell the solicitors to leave you alone!
Alex Filippenko on Einstein's Greatest Blunder (BCC Science Seminar)
stat 20, 21, or 25. Which would you recommend to a new econ/pre-haas student?
Berkeley researchers replace passwords with passthoughts by reading your mind [x-post with r/technology]
As an Aspiring Junior, is there anyway to improve my chances for Berkeley?
An ASUC referendum I can get behind. Call for UC-wide divestment from fossil fuels. What are your thoughts?
UC Berkeley Pioneers in Engineering is 5 votes away from winning the zip car competition with 30 minutes to go!
CS 194 Engineering Parallel Software Kurt Keutzer
3D Printing Vending Machine now dispensing ASUC election trinkets
The Albatross is one of Travel + Leisure's best college bars in America
I'm calling it right now: Oski is going to be on the helmets and I'm not happy about it.
Clearly I'm an awesome roommate, but every house needs this
HEURISTIC SQUELCH COMEDY PART 3: This Thursday, 4/11 in 101 Morgan!
Currently 4 pool complexes. $15 Million for another one. Anyone see an issue here?
UC Berkeley is currently the #1 suicide prevention walk campus (in terms of fundraising) in the nation!!!
observation /question on tipping
Bancroft as seen from Upper Sproul at 3am.
Best place to see/hear a show at the Greek?
Help a UC Berkeley Robotics Outreach Group!
Prop 30 revenues will be used to fund employee pensions, not UCs
Looking for a venue for a live music and improv comedy show on Friday, May 10th
single as fuck
Should I take CS61B with Hilfinger?
**Free Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream on Tuesday!**
The Berkeley CS situation is BS … or at least I wish it was.
Selling my ASUC Vote
The view from my patio is really quite nice.
Hydration Station water fountain - evans
Berkeley 420
Berkeley 420
I'll be attending Berkeley in the fall for EECS as a freshman. Just had some questions.
Today I saw a turkey...
Storage over the summer
Best barebones homework laptop?
Lost Calculator
What is CREAM and why is it so popular?
New 3D Printer in Etcheverry
Local SSBM Tournament at Berkeley's LanB4Time
SENIORS: Exclusive screening of Monsters University
Are any buildings on campus powered by solar energy?
How hard is it to change of college into CoE for Mech.E?
Graduating in the Fall or taking 5 years
Let's talk weed
Broke writer looking to couch crash for a night or two.
Coming to Berkeley, I want to meet people
How to milk as much money out of Work Study as possible
Updated Sections Listing
Could someone please give me advice regarding the economics/ pre-haas route?
After 2.5 years, this is how I feel about the ASUC.
CS/EECS majors of reddit, what laptop should I get for college ?
Low unit count minors?
Looking for a summer class to take. Any suggestions?
Always see these two parked on campus after 5.
Cool NorCal LAN events coming up for all the gamers out there!
Car mechanic recommendation?
Tobacco free campus in 2014
Berkeley to become tobacco free in 2014
Class Pass Reddit Forum - April 4th
Haas Students: Did any of you get in with a C in one prereq? Or what are some of the lowest GPA's to be admitted?
Looking for Housing for Fall 2013
Finding housing for August move-in
Are there any cool internships for a high school sophomore?
What do you love/hate about USB?
**Free bagel bites from Noah's Bagels!!**
**Free sandwiches from The Melt!! $6.75 credit towards anything on their menu!**
FREE SANDWICHES FROM THE MELT, GUYS!! $6.75 CREDIT TOWARDS FOOD N DRINK OF YOUR CHOICE!
What are some things you wish you knew before you came to Berkeley?
how to study for econ100a
Anyone need tickets to Coachella Weekend One?
Anyone know who's playing the outdoor concert on Cal Day?
Needing accommodation for 1 night - April 13
Hi may I walk you to class?
Anyone want to go with me to a Jeff Mangum concert in Petaluma next Tuesday (April 9th)?
TIL - There are at least 4 other universities that use Golden Bears as their mascot other than Cal
Berkeley referenced in new Vampire Weekend song
Biologic Joint Replacement: Dr. Kevin Stone (TED speaker); Thursday at 7pm at Berkeley City College
Fun Easy Course
Berkeley needs your help in the xkcd hashing contest!
Any managable R1Bs in the summer? (are there any acceptable equivalents at a CC?)
Any L4D2/TF2 gamers around?
CS people: What is the best/fastest computer in the labs to ssh into?
Where to take a prospective bear and family to tour campus?
Who was there on Sproul when it happened?
Cal Women's Basketball reach FIRST FINAL FOUR in program history
Help Cal Win XKCD's April Fools Thingy: Leave this running in a separate tab.
Anyone driving to LA any weekend in April?
I'm currently a high school senior that got into Cal with a Electrical Engineering/Computer Science major. How soon can I change my major, and how easy is it for me to do so?
Recommendations for a good brunch spot on College Ave?
4/2 City Council: Parking permit increase, Telegraph Ave "improvement", homeless committee
Reflecting on Robert Reich, Part III: Class Struggle
What happens on a blind date at Berkeley
I believe he might have bitten off a bit more than he could chew
let's win almamater.xkcd.com!
Nothing but love for the Cal Women's basketball team-- started from the bottom.
Considering going to uc Berkeley but I have some dietary restrictions.
UC Berkeley Class Pass Forum, April 3, 2013 5-6pm, 130 Wheeler
Cal over a small LAC?
Where can I find espresso powder in Berkeley?
I'm an incoming freshman applying for housing; Which residence halls are the best?
Come join the fight against Pediatric Aids at this year's Dance Marathon! Register by tomorrow for 12 hours of awesome dancing, performances and activities!
Scientists at Caltech and Lawrence Berkeley NL solve one of the long-standing mysteries of photosynthesis
They've extended the RHA Boat Dance ticket sales to this week!
Why should I choose cal over Uc Davis
Thoughts about COGSCI 1?
Cal or UCLA for pre-med
Any Dota 2 players around?
Where can I buy fishing supplies close to campus?
BA or BS
GAME OF THRONES SEASON PREMIERE PARTY TOMORROW
UCLA or Berkeley for Bus/Econ?
Goddammit, Berkeley.
Who's going to Coachella Weekend 2?
Pre-meds: Is Cal a good choice if I have medical school in mind?
What's fun to do tonight, or on Saturday nights in general?
Landing in SFO on Sunday at midnight, how can I get back to Berkeley?
BART tickets
How to get a good GPA (working with system)? Potential Econ major planning to go into Law
Why should I choose UC Berkeley over UCLA?
Some guy who works for luminosity says that Cal students are the 14th smartest out of all of the colleges in the US.
Roadtrip to Festival of Holi in SLC Today? (asap)
Are GRE test prep courses worth the crazy cost?
Can I change my selected major before registering for classes? (Incoming freshman)
Spring Admit/potenital FPF kids, read here.
Cyclists 
The view from my patio is pretty dope.
I am getting really sick of this
Missing cat - Please help find Otis
Congratulations on your acceptance to UC Berkeley! What questions/concerns do you have about coming to Cal?
Another sublet request, but this time for a young family
Who's Going to General Commencement?
Today is the day that new Cal Golden Bears are announced. Good Luck, GO BEARS!!!
Physicists Confirm They've Found And Wiped out The 'God Particle'
Microeconomics work for hire
i want to paint a short film.. wong kar wai fan
Looking to Sublet for Summer
Hi r/berkeley does anyone know of a good place to store a bike overnight??
SUPERB's ticket giveaway! (Metric, Crystal Castles, Dispatch, She &amp; Him)
Where do you find the History Departments undergraduate exit survey?
Kobe Gives the Cal Women's Team a Special Message
The perfect spring afternoon
This better not be Cal Archery...
I'm guessing this means no?
Former Cal football player and current NFL linebacker Scott Fujita has an essay in the NY Times about gay marriage
It can be since i loved the initial growing up, however i love this version beyond words.
Looking for a computer hero!
3 College Guys looking to sublet in Berkeley summer.
Looking for an easy/ minimal Summer Course to take
Free condoms at Berkeley Free Clinic still?
Looking for a holistic dentist
Still here during break? Get some exercise! 9pm Insanity at Memorial Glade
Housing Question
Any parties over summer?
Berkeley Confessions (It's like PostSecret/UCB AnonCon)
If you have an extra minute, can you help me out by taking this short survey for my class project? :)
unit 3 bear market convenience store. are they open now?
I am a high school student, currently researching colleges and career pathways, could someone answer some quick questions for me about Berkeley? 
Summer in Berkely
I didn't know CREAM was just Otis spunkmeyer + double rainbow.
As the clock winds down on Cal's NCAA tournament life, I have this to say...
Berkeley summer bucket list?
Every time I pass by this at night I giggle.
Any Berkeley redditors going to see Peter Case in San Francisco tonight?
If you are still around, head down to Pappy's for the game
Peter Christ, from LEAP, should come give a lecture at Cal
In town for a week: help with meals and things to do
Anyone else seen a guy asking to get wallet and keys from your house?
Belay Partner needed at Berkeley Ironworks
A friend noticed something.... suspicious about Cal Day this year
AT&amp;T supposedly upgraded or added a cell site in Berkeley recently. Anybody notice a difference?
Getting into UCB grad school?
2531 Regent St, drug dealer neighbor and absentee landlord
Southside Food Trucks to Reopen at Bancroft &amp; College
I think my neighbors are suspicious of my home business--need advice
Cal upsets UNLV!
Poor guy.
CalCentral - everything is being linked together!
First time in bay area, staying in kensington, where are the good SKATE spots here or in the berkeley area?
Shapiro or Speliotopolous?
There seems to be a man doing a demonstration around Sather Gate almost daily. He wears these mismatched clothes and often has props with him. Does anybody know what exactly he is demonstrating or protesting?
22 y.o./M visiting Berkeley looking for female to show me cool spots in town
Reneging on internship offer?
Are any of the statistics in this video accurate? (ASUC Sexual Assault Campaign)
Best place to see the Bay Lights?
Berkeley graduates are so inspiring. Recent graduate produces promos like a seasoned pro. No. 1 public university indeed.
Who else is here over spring break?
Best bar and place to buy alcohol?
I think a major bike thief lives on my block.  What should I do?
Does anyone know where I can buy wood/lumber?
[gaming] Anyone interested in playing Android: Netrunner?
Any flow artists here on campus? 
weird paintings in the law library
Anyone know where to buy Holi powder in Berkeley?
dirty dirty thoughts from Berkeley kids
Sierra Nevada Brewing to open tasting room in Berkeley
Lost Dog in Berkeley! $1000 reward
Graphene headphone trial runs?
Why are there no student tickets available for the ncaa men's basketball tournament 
Anyone want tickets to a Jeff Mangum concert in Santa Barbara on March 25th? Giving them away real cheap.
Small jobs for some quick money?
1/1R AC Transit Bus Gets Towed
Hoodie Allen this friday?
Berkeleyside is kicking off a Reddit-inspired "Ask Me Anything" series tomorrow (xpost /r/berkeleyca)
Is there a place students can get data recovered from failed hard drives for FREE?
Hey guys! Do you like to draw comics? Got any plans Sunday? No? Now you do! Join Tapastic at Jupiter in Berkeley for our Mini-Comic Day Drink &amp; Draw! (x-posted)
When we login to AirBears or campus computers, does Berkeley track us?
Soccer players? (xpost r/bayarea)
Hey, so I'm trying to start a band (stoner rock) and I play bass. Looking for guitar and drums.
Workout Buddy/Coach?
Hey, has anyone here rented from Landis Properties in the past? The owner seemed nice when we met, and the property seemed great, but then I see reviews like this online... Does anybody know how founded they are?
Come on girls...(found in FSM girls' bathroom)
March Madness: (12) Cal v. UNLV (5) in San Jose this Thursday! Chance for the Bears to exact revenge!
Some shots I've taken around campus since last July. Let me know what you think. 
Berkeleytime Updated for Fall 2013 Schedule, New Version Coming This Summer!
Anyone have a Windows 7 disk?
How much do UC staff and admin get paid? Here you go 
GRE tutoring, anybody?
Tele Bears Fill Up
CS and EECS majors - how is it?
Can anyone give me some quick help for the GRE for $?
Cal Housing Cancellation Question
Housing Cancellation Policy
Fall 2013 schedule is out!
People looking for fill-in roommates as their current roommate(s) go abroad for a semester?
Question about Bmail and Iphone
Interactive infographic of Berkeley's neighborhoods
Undergrads, what type of prize/reward would you like to get from your GSI?
What parties are going down tonight?
"What are my prospects of admission?

"
I told my friend (Berkeley postdoc) this his work recently made reddit front page, his response is awesome  
Are there any resources on campus to learn SQL?
Missing phone+cards..Clark Kerr track: [
Regents Approve to Continue $60 Surcharge for Past Lawsuits
Are you buying tickets to see the Bear Raid this fall? Come to the stadium tomorrow and save money + potentially win an iPad mini!
Anyone take E45 with Professor Morris in Spring 2011?
Summer internships at the Space Sciences Lab
http://myemail.constantcontact.com/Interdisciplinary-Collaborative-Training-in-Berkeley--CA.html?soid=1104612481116&amp;aid=T2RtAQrUY6A
How much are you paying for your housing each month?
Missing Cat! Please Help!
econ100a notes
Check out the party game I made with another student and answer questions like "What's Stanford's oldest tradition?" with "furiously masturbating with utter mediocrity".
Professor Alex Phillipenko doing AMA right now over in /r/IAMA on Astronomy, Pi Day, etc.
God Worried He Fucked Up His Children
optometry 10? don't know what's going on
What are your thoughts on a Student City Council District?
David Schaffer of Berkeley speaking on Engineering Neural Stem Cells at Berkeley City College this Thursday evening (March 14 @ 7pm)
"The mandatory fee level for resident undergraduate students was $13,181, which is nearly twice what it cost the University to provide their education."
Berkeley's Ann's Kitchen to Become 'Bleecker Street Bistro'
Does anybody know...
We just secretly launched our new start up at Berkeley - my alma mater. Share a cab to and from the airport this spring break!
why were there people sitting in a circle today?
Berkeley creates the first graphene earphones (X-post from /r/science and FP)
Veteran looking for best transition to UC-Berkeley?
Comedy Show Near Campus This Saturday! Former Heuristic Squelch Editor Sean Keane Headlining!
We're now reddit's #2 college subreddit!  Only /r/UIUC is bigger.  Tell all your redditor friends to subscribe!
What is your interesting/amazing/weird stories from Berkeley?
Live chicken in Mainstacks
Craziest/busiest schedules at Cal?
First Dreambox 3D printer vending machine heads to UC Berkeley
Are you 21? Are you a female &amp; Asian? C
Got a parking ticket from Cal
Berkeley may implement a new system to combat grade inflation at other schools
How can I use my aid to live in an apartment?
To the skater who grazed my arm at full speed in front of VSLB
Computer Parts?
Anyone at i-house willing to give me a tour?
Does anyone have experience with withdrawing from Berkeley?
Berkeley councilman suggests email tax to fund Postal Service
That time of the year again...
Question about the physics major
Trying to get accommodation for 7 students from June to August, finding it really tough!
Anyone currently living in Martinez Commons apartment want to give me a tour?
Non-student looking for study group/help with computer languages (javascript and php at the moment but soon python as well)
Stat 134 with Professor Klass
Reflecting on Robert Reich, Part II:  Corrupt Regents and Disruptive Protest
Do transfer students usually get the classes they need?
Looking for Roommates for Fall Semester
Barcraft @ Berkeley on Sunday (3/17) for MLG Dallas! Come watch some Starcraft 2 and cheer on Berkeley's own EGSuppy!
TIL Berkeley prof wrote a book from the perspective of a horse... and then reviewed it as a human
Are there apartments or houses in northside that are one bedroom, under $1400?
Looking for an apartment on southside that allows dogs - lease starting around June
Falling out of love with research
Bird's Eye View from the Fire Trails
Learning Javascript and live in Berkeley? I'll answer your Javascript questions in exchange for food!
Learning Javascript? I'm willing to answer your question exchange for food!
CNR Honors Program?
get cash for clothes
Does anyone else feel completely unprepared for graduate school?
Let's be nicer to eachother.
Question about foreign language requirement! URGENT
Berkeley Councilman Proposes Email Tax To Fund Postal Service
Suspicious fire at Chez Panisse. Restaurant closed for unknown period of time.  
My friend made a NextBus Display extension for chrome. It's really useful. (x-post bayarea)
delicate dessert
Good spots for watching the sunset?
Campanile messed up?
View from Li Ka Shing Center
Is it too late to get into co-ops? Zero points.
Aaron Bright of Stanford keeps it classy tonight during the game.
not doing well in spelio's 7a
Someone who knows more about basketball than I do-- why are we losing this game??
Out of State Tuition is Ridiculous. Let's use the marriage loophole.
Goddamit Walgreen's, get your shit together.
What the fuck happened to Bear's Lair?
Is there a story behind all these sidewalk graffiti birds(?) around the Tolman/GPB area?
Looking for summer housing in Modesto, CA
In desperate need of statistics help
Selling SF Neon Run 5K voucher for $22 OBO (registration w/o voucher is $44)!
The San Francisco International Tea Festival is happening this Sunday
Things that annoy you about Berkeley (and/or college in general)
Apartment searching
Walking around Taipei Night Market &amp; see a UC Berkeley hoodie... the coloring makes me think it may not have been licensed by the university
If you're libertarian and live near UC Berkeley, check out Cal Students for Liberty! 
Locking Rooms in Dwinelle
What's the "street price" of Adderall at UCB?
Does anybody freebord here?
Econ grad student needed for brief Skype consultation
Cal football: Sonny Dykes’ contract details (and where it falls in the Pac-12 pecking order)
Admissions to History Department
Are Dwinelle breakdancers still a thing this semester? 
Cal Men's Basketball: One More Game #PackTheHaas #beatstanfurd
Fun with the elections
Hooshang Amirahmadi, a possibly candidate for the Iranian presidency, will be speaking this Friday, March 8th, at 6:30pm in 2050 VLSB.
Cal ranked among top 10 universities worldwide!
Berkeley: How much do you sleep?
Recommendations for drone helicopter to purchase
Anyone else waiting for Berkeley admission decisions?
Top Universities by Reputation
In need of study aids...
Anybody looking to start a band??
Crimson Sunset over Campanile
Environment in biology PhD programs?
What happened to make the University unrecognize DKE?
Free reading of Carrie's Story (intelligent kinky novel) at Good Vibrations tomorrow (3/3) at 6:30pm
Cal women’s basketball wins first conference title in program history!
Need help naming my homebrew beer!
Reflecting on Robert Reich, Part I: Useless Elections and Radical Democracy
A question for engineering graduate students
Don't forget, Fafsa is due today, March 2!
Puns.. puns everywhere
Bengal Tigers, Deer Found at Mexican Meth Lab
Educated White "Hood" Guy
This is why I tune into the online Fire Department dispatch feed whenever I hear fire truck sirens:
I suppose this is relevant to certain careers...
It is now March. Madness is upon us. Remember to #PackTheHaas for the last two home games against Colorado tomorrow and snodfurd Wednesday night! 
Volunteer at Eggster's 19th Annual Egg Hunt and Learning Festival (Northern California's largest FREE egg hunt and learning festival) on March 16!
Protip for signing onto Airbears (iPhone)
Ah, sweet relief for us public schoolers in the college rankings game.
Potential Brawl/Melee/Project M Tournament, need help deciding
Blazers of Berkeley: Where are your favorite places to light up?
Doe-pth of Field
CSL Berkeley Interview
I need a parking spot near campus
Advice for third year undergraduate engineers
[Thursday morning] Campanile down due to power outage
The Unofficial Poet Laureate of Berkeley 
Question about UGBA10 essay header
Get pumped for this year’s perspectives showcase! Featuring over 20 student groups! March 16th, 2013—tickets on Sproul or ASUCperspectives.org
Who saw Marshawn Lynch at RSF?
I plan on applying as a transfer to Haas from my community college. I am currently enrolled in a marketing course (as part of my 18-unit schedule) that I don't actually need as a prerequisite or anything. If I dropped it, would it look bad having one W on my transcript?
Looking to hire a chem tutor
Forum test
Advice for second year undergraduate engineers
Does anyone have the tests that Ninja Courses used to host?
Steve Wozniak to be keynote speaker for 2013 graduation
Advice for first year undergraduate engineers
New issue of the Heuristic Squelch available NOW
Mythbusters is hiring!!! - [X-post from r/sanfrancisco]
Know of any interesting/secret/lesser-known places on campus?
Tricking at UCB?
Hi r/berkeley, what is the most happenin' community college in berkeley? im moving there soon:)
Share your favorite Cal adventures on a social discussion platform just for Cal students!
CS61BL (summer) vs CS61B (Hilfinger, Fall)
Musicians and music students! Where can I find piano sheet music for modern pop/rock songs?
Jobs ? 
Join us for a panel on the federal budget impasse featuring the former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich, the Dean of the Goldman School of Public Policy Henry Brady, and the Romney-Ryan Campaign Policy Director Lanhee Chen!
Buildings open late?
Do you have juicy news that you can't wait to share with other Berkeley students?
Official r/berkeley housing swap thread!
If you're not doing anything from 4-6:30 today, come by the stadium and check out football practice!
SF night panorama shot from the fire trail-not my best but still fun
I remember a while back during winter break, someone's postal service trek bike got stolen. Found one on Craigslist, not much info about it. Good luck fellow biker.
Want free coffee every day for two weeks? Of course you do!
I thought /r/Berkeley would like what came up during a game of Cards Against Humanity last night.
Summer Internships for College Credit
Looking for real-world useful entrepenurial classes?
Suggestions for a Haas Reject
Keenan Allen, WR, Cal
Looking for 2 people for survey. 
What are all the deal sites for UC Berkeley?
Adobe CS6 creative suite product key?
Enrollment after drop deadline.
Sather Gate long exposure
Do you like theater and/or space? Auditions for NoVa, a student-written sci-fi musical, are this weekend!
Cal beats #23 Oregon 48-46, have won 6 of last 7 and looking REALLY good for NCAA tournament bid
Look Out. Bump and run thieves may be trolling Berkeley Bike Boulevards : x-post from /r/BAbike
EECS Research ? 
Friendly reminder.  Drop deadline is tomorrow! Double check telebears and bearfacts now!
Summer class recommendations?
EECS 40 vs 42
Communitas: Find Where You Belong
How hard is it to get into Haas as a transfer from community college? Has anyone here done it or know people who have?
5K Rave Run in San Jose for $22! (Living Social) on May 11th
Found keys in Main Stacks Level B 
Need to add a class :(
What can I do with a B.S. Business Administration degree fom Haas? Is it valuable and worth pursuing?
STUDENTS, PLEASE WATCH WHERE YOU ARE GOING AND STAY OFF THE ROADS WHEN YOU ARE WALKING. 
"Berkeley Patients Group, Unbowed
   
Reporting on California Cannabis Culture | Oakland, Berkeley, Bay Area &amp; California"
Smoking in front of Moffitt
Student Section at Haas Pavilion
iPhone users: how the fuck do we stay connected to AirBears?
What's berkeley (the city) like?
Buy one Chipotle burrito, get one free
UCB Harlem Shake at Golden Gate
Any Cal ents want to meet up?
anyone want to work out?
Redditors of Berkeley who are catholic, do you know how one goes about going to confession?
When is the latest one can be added to a class? 
From the new Monsters University movie; does this look familiar to anybody? ;) 
Vote Jason Bellet for ASUC President
Cal Band Harlem Shake (feat. Oski)
how many of you guys have taken adderall to study for or to take an exam?
All the libraries are closed, anywhere to study tonight?
Hi, Berkeley!  I'm thinking about joining you all next fall and have a few questions.
Help us beta test our new entertainment platform built specifically for Berkeley students, must have berkeley.edu email to sign up!
Do You Have A Problem With Shoving Incident? - ESPN First Take discusses Montgomery shove to Allen Crabbe during Cal USC Basketball Game
Cal Coach Shoves Player As Bears Top USC
God I fucking love bacon.
Is there anyone out there who doesn't like Berkeley? 
Cal beats USC, 76 - 68!
Free weekday parking? (non-student)
Anyone know why the score from the Cal-stanfurd rugby game isn't listed on calbears.com?
Seeking so[m]e dumpster diving buddies ;)
Stoney Speaks
Give it up to your UC Berkeley Starcraft 2 team, taking first place in the Azubu Collegiate Champions Season 6 Grand Finals and winning $40,000!!!
Chillin in Upper Sproul
UGBA 10 Past Exams?
Adding a class before the drop deadline..
UC Berkeley Starcraft 2 team looking slick at the Azubu Collegiate Champions Finals (http://global.azubu.tv/main.html)
UC Berkeley Starcraft 2 team is currently playing in the semifinals of the Collegiate Starleague against Danish Aarhus University. $40k on the line! (click on post for stream!)
The Quest for a Passionate and Purposeful PhD
Berkeley in the Sixties. (long)
Squelch Comedy Show Thursday 2/21! 7:30 in 2040 VLSB
Squelch Comedy Show Thursday 2/24!! 7:30pm in 2040 VLSB
UC BERKELEY HARLEM SHAKE (OFFICIAL CAL EDITION)
Berkeley Math Club President makes the Economic Argument for the DreamAct
Last Semester EECS, want to take 10 units
Any drum 'n' bass enthusiasts going to this free concert in SF?
Why's everyone holding a pillow at Bart?
UC Berkeley math student comes out as an undocumented immigrant / DREAMer in an online video
One Question Fifty Answers - Tehran
Green Day at the Greek April 16, 2013
Anyone go to the Krav Maga Institute?
Lost my dorm key, any way to copy it?
WolfPack_VS_Grizzly explains why pop punk fans love the genre
What's going on with the hazmat rescue team out by VLSB?
Don't have plans tonight? Come to the Cal vs UCLA basketball game [6PM]. Tickets only 7 dollars!
URGENT: Have you ever wanted to act in a short film? Are you free the next 2 Sundays?
Anybody know where to get this Cal Nike sweatshirt?
UCBerkeley Harlem Shake-Main Stacks
Cal football was on Jeopardy tonight!
Cal football was on Jeopardy tonight!
Accurate depiction of Room Res
Does anyone know a Monica Jung?
Power outage? 
Saw a guy with a cat on his shoulder near Wheeler. A few questions...
A burning question
Anyone have "Circuits" by Ulaby and Maharbiz for sale? I can't afford the full-price version, and even if I could, it's out of stock everywhere.
Where's the best place near campus to look for housing?
empty classrooms, study rooms?
anybody else play LoL? 
National Jurist ranks Berkeley Law # 3 in nation according to post-graduate success, student satisfaction, and affordability and diversity.
Goddamit, AC Transit.
Free stuff
Let's show the world how it's done - UC Berkeley Harlem Shake to be filmed this Friday on Sproul @ 2 pm!
Harlem Shake- Where's Waldo edition (by the Cal ATΩ)
Registration for the UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk is OPEN!
My girlfriend is British. I want to make mashy peas for Valentine's Day. Where can I buy dried marrowfat peas?
Looking for good, affordable ISP
Logging on to micro computing facilities
Just got an invite to NSCS...anyone else? And what is it exactly?
Cal beats (7)Arizona!
Summer in Berkeley!
Berkeley Bitches [OC TRILL ASS SONG]
Does anyone here have any tips to improve my GRE scores?
Just to Clarify What Happened Against #10 Oregon Last Weekend
For my cake day I give you my favorite local band, Mister Loveless - "Wild Summer" 
just checked bearfacts, got charged $900 for health insurance, but I already have health insurance! wtf?
SF Beer Week starts today! (Feb. 8)
AC Transit bus pass
One of my favorites from the UC Berkeley memes FB page. I think about this every weekend.
Looking to add a class but they seem to be all full. Need opinions.
Looking for a Speed Soccer (IM 6v6) goalie!
Paid study opportunity
Where to buy single roses at Berkeley for in-class delivery on Valentine's Day?
E7 Study Group
If you want a futon, I want to give you a futon
Want a low maintenance but still awesome pet? 6-week-old hand-raised, extremely social pet rats FREE to a good home! They learn! Teach them tricks! Mine are even litterbox trained! 
Poli sci 4 pop quizzes with Professor Song?
Berkeley for the Summer
Woodshop?
Tron USB stick found in 125 Cory, had ee100 and me106 files. If it's yours, come claim it.
Cog Sci majors, you know it's true...
Cal men's golf team featured in the New York Times
Interested in Web Design? The Daily Cal is looking for experienced coders and web developers to help build our mobile app. 
UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk - Sunday, April 7, 2013
Honest question: I have pooping anxiety. Where are the best places on campus to do my business in peace?
UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk - Sunday, April 7, 2013
Getting REALLY tired of walking through Sproul and having the word vagina screamed in my face a million times.
Meet your 2013 football recruiting class.
Famous picture of UC Berkeley colorized
Sirens?
[Class of 2013 Senior Class Council] *Recruiting Photographers, Filmmakers, Animators, Event Planners, and more!*
I've been working on a site to help students find cheap places to eat near campus. Looking for feedback.
Interested in volunteering for the Berkeley Free Clinic, opinions/thoughts?
Biology 1B Book Desperately Needs To Be Sold! (Seriously, I was planning to live on this money and now f*cking Ned's won't let me return it.)
UC Berkeley Suicide Prevention Walk - Sunday, April 7, 2013
PNP Engineering
What's a good place to get Cal business cards?
My desktop backround. GO BEARS
Dear r/berkeley, what are you favorite places to volunteer in and around campus??
Hip hop/classical band KALX sponsored for a 2012 End of Days show @ La Pena. Vid is from that show.
Next William Hung - straight from Berkeley
Where to learn to play piano in Berkeley?(Cheap)
Online Marketplace for Cal Students
Why is the eastern night sky green? (picture taken from steps of Dwinelle)
Mariachi Luz de Oro- UC Berkeley's own mariachi music group
Anyone know any MMA schools in Berkeley?
Ladies of Cal, what kind of guys are you attracted to?
Got an A, but it was a P/F, what are my options? (If any?)
Hip hop/classical band KALX sponsored for a 2012 End of Days show. Video is from that show.
Anyone know what happened to the food trucks in front of campus?
[MEETUP] Graduate Students/Recent Alumni: Thursday, February 7 at Triple Rock Brewery
Cheapest place for photocopies?
Drug Dealers Admit Berkeley PD Have Asked Them To Assault Cop-watchers
Anyone else having problems with bMail and the Apple Mail app?
Are there any places where large speakers are available for use?
Where is the best place to watch the Superbowl in Berkeley?
Looking for people in the area to play Melee / Project M with? Check out this FB group. 
Do you need 1 more unit? Do you want to learn about electronics?!?
Does anyone have any stories or feelings about Berkeley Police Dept?
"Cal Upsets No. 10 Oregon At Haas Pavilion
"
"Cal Upsets No. 10 Oregon At Haas Pavilion
"
"Cal Upsets No. 10 Oregon At Haas Pavilion
"
"Cal Upsets No. 10 Oregon At Haas Pavilion
"
Huge win! Cal beats #10 Oregon after forcing overtime (men's basketball).
The view from my patio is gorgeous.
Anybody want to go bouldering?
Was anyone in the RSF weight room last night when...
Anybody want to go sex-ing?
Man arrested Friday after stabbing in downtown Berkeley
Join Code the Change at Berkeley!
I don't know why it bugs it me so much
Where can I find a hot tub in Berkeley?  Does anyone have any experience sneaking into the one at the Claremont Hotel?
My professor just sent our class this email... oh, the puns!
"Looking Ahead: How Can The Golden Bears Make The Big Dance?
"
Anybody know whatever happened to Munch On Me?
"Solomon’s Clutch Dunk Caps Cal’s Comeback Victory
"
Looking for a gym buddy.
rock climbing around the bay area?
wut.
wut.
How I think all of my exams at Berkeley feel...
When I think of Berkeley, I get happy.
IM ultimate
Construction outside Leconte
Is there any place on campus where I can play drums just for fun? (I'm not a music major/minor)
What's wrong with the Martinez Commons mailroom?
If you were an extremely wealthy donor to Berkeley, what would you put money towards?
For the potentially interested - football spring practice schedule is up. ALL practices are open to the public.
Please consider making a contribution to the Cal Band!
Best place to watch the Super Bowl?
Conflicted between CS188 and CS169
What's the deal with people talking in the library (Mainstacks)?
The stream North of VLSB O_O
Want to trade 1-3 Coachella Weekend 2 tickets for Weekend 1 Tickets
Facebook App Contest: Win $25K and Pitch Your Idea to Top VC Firms and Corporations. 
Our College Notes - What do you guys think of the idea?
I, for one, had no idea the guy who wrote "Go the Fuck to Sleep" was from Berkeley. I guess his new book sounds cool too. 
"UC Davis researcher accused of making explosives
"
Siraj Omar Chemistry:  What are his quizzes like? (berkeley city college)
Don't put all of your eggs in one basket
The beauty of transferable skills: How grad school prepares you for careers off the beaten path
What do you guys do with tiny little breaks in your schedule?
Bike repair stations
Free Macworld iWorld Expo Hall passes ($25 value) - SF Moscone center Thu Jan 31 to Sat Feb 2
Cal rugby slaughters Stanford 176-0 
Incomplete to a letter grade
Is there anywhere I can I find old (and free or at least really close) computers?
Batman 2-unit DeCal
Just ate at I.B.'s Hoagies, they left a bone in the chicken and it chipped my tooth
Basketball Student Tickets
Break ups and school... suck! :( 
Sublet available in Berkeley. Massive room @ Blake &amp; Ellsworth.
Political Science 179
"Bears’ Comeback Bid Falls Short In Colorado
"
West Coast = Best Coast
Does anyone know of a good doctor who will prescribe me some ADD medication?
"Cal Takes On Colorado In Intriguing Matchup: Game Preview
"
Any Unit 2'ers wanna fuck?
Warning: Piedmont Ave. Burglar
ME40 or MEC85
Undergrad advice?
PSA: Bring something to do to the new Student Central (for financial aid, transcripts, etc)
Yet another how to meet people post
Good upper div philosophy classes for nonmajors?
Get JSON about UC Berkeley Courses
History C139C Freak Out?
I'm about to apply as a columnist for the Daily Cal: r/berkeley, what do you want to read?
"Bears Hold Off Utah On The Road
"
Anyone else like jazz? Was thinking of going to SF for some jazz concerts but none of my friends are into it.
Check out this campaign that Berkeley students are running!
find fieldwork for unit? 
Looking to play some futbol
Blueprint - Technology for Nonprofits!
I need friends
University of California Berkeley is one of the top StarCraft II teams in North America. Read about their journey and cheer them on in the Grand Finals of the AZUBU Collegiate Champions!
Any Berkeleyans have a handsaw they'd be willing to lend for an hour or two? Or, are there places that rent/sell cheap handsaws?
Why the x's? We have your answer
Credit Union for Berkeley Students, Staff, and Faculty - should I become a member?
Lost a pen, and a question about waitlists.
Stay hood, Berkeley
Anyone thinking about TomorrowLand 2013??? (EDM Festival in Belgium, Last Weekend of July)
Is UGBA10 + ECON1 too much?! (Spring admit)
Foreign Language Note Taking Advice
Shamelessly asking for (mostly) engineering books. Check out if you have some sitting around waiting to be sold. On a side note, we need Cal-wide used book underground selling system.
Remodeled 4th floor Cory hall bathroom: Optimized for crossing streams or holding hands.
Does anyone had problems with instructor-drop due to time-conflicting classes?
Does telebears drop conflicting classes?
College freshman who wants to transfer to UCB - need some advice.
Quick and probably dumb question
Anyone have an easy Historical Studies or International Studies course to take? (preferably with open seats for this semester)
View from the roof of the Cal ATΩ
Doin' it With My Bro...
Feb 8th &amp; 9th trip to UCB... Any couches ore spare beds to crash on?
Craigslist at Cal! Sell your stuff
Is your tree not recursive enough? [tutoring]
8am section...
Anyone have a computer monitor for sale?
Any grad students in the College of Chemistry here?
Free art supplies
Thinking of transferring to Berkeley, wanted to ask some questions first
Any suggestions for breadth courses with open seats for this semester?
Free Amazon Prime (Student) for 6 months. For those last minute textbook orders...
Anyone going to Coachella 2013?
Suggestions for chill classes?
Poor Peter
Any gun owners?
Anybody know a good philosophy class with minimal writing?
Has anyone taken ESPM 72?
A lot of awesome decals this semester!
Lab on first day of class?
Has anyone else gotten their financial aid yet?
Tell me about your xlab experience
Will the campus book store be open tomorrow?
Meeting people outside your major/department (grad student)
Paying for UC Berkeley?
Berkeley alumni, we're hiring (alumreview.com)
A question regarding joining a frat and grades.
Is there anywhere on/around campus to watch the inauguration on Monday?
Stage Directors Wanted!
Tennis in Berkeley?
Cal vs. Stanford Game Preview
CS 9 courses
Access to the libraries as an alumni?
How are the Japanese language classes at UC Berkeley?
Visiting,
Resources for student friendly part time jobs for students not eligible for work study?
UC President Mark Yudof is stepping down, August 2013
List of Martin Luther King Day Events in Berkeley.  What are you doing?
PSA: Many Fraternities and Sororities have Spring Rush in addition to Fall, so if you want to join one this year you'll have a chance to in the next few weeks.
Tons of cops near Berkeley High School this morning: Rollover car accident
More than 67,000 apply for freshman admission
Dining options without a meal plan?
Berkeley Reddit... Help me get to Canada!
(x-post r/SFBayJobs) The East Bay Bicycle Coalition is hiring summer interns (including a super cool GIS/Mapping intern). Small stipend. Apply before Jan 28
Is it difficult to double major in Pol Sci and Psychology?
CSU to CC to UC Berkley possible?
Dating Site Claims UC Berkeley Students Are Relying On ‘Sugar Daddies’ To Pay Tuition
Where to go in the bay area to escape light pollution?
Come join your fellow peers to cheer on Cal's Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Team at the NVIDIA Rivalries Grand Finals! 
Another Option For Commuting!
Former Golden Bears Make Big Splash On NFL’s Biggest Stage
Tip for Cal Students if you take the BART from Oakland Airport to Campus!
BART from SFO to Berkeley
Summer school logistics
Like computers and want a great job? ResComp is hiring!
Suggestions for a fun 2+ unit course?
Let's have a cash game poker night next Wednesday (1/23)
schedulee halllpppppp
applied for transfer to UCB - what are my chances?
The beginning of semesters are always filled with these moments!- Nice to see you
First timer to Berkeley needs help
TIL that the BART ticket dispensers run Windows 2000
Fellow L&amp;S students, what upper div classes have you taken to fulfill the 6 unit 'outside your major' requirement?
Who hasn't moved their berkeley email over to google yet?
Phase 2 is now over! Add your fifth class now. 
Boarding at the co-ops
UC Berkeley is being sued for saying Earth was not created in 6 days
Realised that I only saw posts about Cal's loss in games. Here's one for us WINNING one, AGAINST STANFORD.
looking for a room for the spring semester
Getting back into the dorms?
Do you leave tips when eating at Biryani House?
High school senior here. If I received supplements from Berkeley, are my chances of admission smaller now? 
Can anyone tell me more about Sunday Streets Berkeley? It looks great!
Making payments!? Confused freshman who needs guidance...
Anyone have any experience with the Global Internship process?
Men's Gymnastics Preseason Video 2013 (First competition Sunday 13th January 2pm Haas)
One of the robots we make in the Biomimetic Millisystems Lab made the news!
Looking for a dude to live with me in a room at a fraternity house.
Anyone here attend for J-school grad program?
Hiring Cal students and graduates for Macworld Conference
Don't forget to sign up for Amazon Student for reduced prices on books, 2 day shipping, and other benefits!
Transferring from another UC to Berkeley
BART recovered a bunch of stolen bikes. Lose something? Click here.
anyone taking L&amp;S 180 anthro class?
Is graduate school bad for your mental health?
Cal Football announced their 2013 schedule today
Cafe Durant Closed?
Question for alumni about graduation tickets
Smelled like skunk... Looked outside and there were 2 sleeping outside Hearst Mining Building.
If you don't have Amazon Student yet, you're missing out. 
r/Berkeley's Frequently Asked Questions
"Cal Frustrated In 62-47 Loss To Huskies
"
"Cal Frustrated In 62-47 Loss To Cougars
"
General Research/URAP questions
"Bears Host Huskies On National TV: Game Preview
"
Does anyone know where I can find an apartment near campus with a lease that starts in April?
College of Chemistry shows their fun side
Looking for 2 Programmers to Build a Music iOS App &amp; Website
Grand $4.3M UC effort to offer classes to anyone snags only 1 student
Anyone know a good doctor who will write a letter for an emotional support animal?
where to live after freshman year
Where to look for a used car?
Anyone waived science requirement?
My friend sent me this link in honor of my 21st birthday. Thought /r/berkeley would enjoy it.
Econ 100b with Wood textbook
Neighborhood suggestions in Berkeley?
Chemistry of Cooking decal
New/Job Hunting
Can I get a Major-related job with a BS in I.B./Neurobio?
New To Berkeley and Looking for Lit Events
Cal Football is better than you think: With 18 alums starting in the NFL, it's 5th best in the nation - beating out Alabama, Notre Dame, Michigan, and Florida. Oh, and of course, Stanford. [xpost from r/CFB]
Will Intermezzo ever reopen?
Nice(r) apartments around berkeley?
"Crabbe Too Much For Trojans As Bears Defeat USC
"
Anybody know anything about UC Berkeley extension?
Accountants to help UC students with taxes?
Graduate school advice?
What's math 104 like/how should i prepare? Not a lot of online reviews. Thanks
Question about registering for graduate classes as an undergraduate.
Getting into upper div CS classes as a non-CS major
"Bootstrapped" Student Startup Hiring
Triple majors at Cal
Formal charges filed against alleged Vegas bird-beheaders
Hey you! Are you a 2nd or 3rd year who wants to gain research experience OR prepare for an honors thesis this summer? Then this is the fellowship for you! Also if you have ANY questions please comment, I did SURF L&amp;S last summer and I can tell you all about it and why it was so helpful for me. 
Hey you! Are you a 2nd or 3rd year who wants to gain research experience/prepare for an honors thesis this summer? Then this is the fellowship for you! 
Hey you! Are you a 2nd or 3rd year who wants to gain research experience/prepare for an honors thesis this summer? Then this is the fellowship for you! 
"Bears Fall To Bruins In Pac-12 Opener
"
Monsters University TV Spot - I see Campanile and Sather Gate! 
The "traveller kids" who sit and hang out all along telegraph; where do they come from? what is this all about?
Accessing Old CS Accounts
Any reason for the increase of robberies/burglaries?
Deciding between UC Berkeley and UC Standford
Southern California is BEAR TERRITORY!! (Cal Men's Basketball vs. USC)
Fellow bears, what are you doing in your final few weeks of break before classes start again?
Crazy lady on the 51B route?
Looking for Mario Cart for N64 in Berkeley, CA
Podcast: The Brief and Tumultuous Life of the New UC Logo (99% Invisible)
Who to ask/Where to find a good internship without prior experience?
Monster University, why I love the fact that Pixar is located so close to Cal!
Why I love that Pixar is located so close to Berkeley!
Welcome Week at Berkeley
Cal announces Andy Buh's hiring as defensive coordinator - San Jose Mercury News
UMBRELLA BLAST!
Take a minute and vote a Cal Bear Amazon's "Biggest College Football Fan"! He leads by only 5 votes over some guy from Davis. Last day of voting.
Unsubsidized Loan Question!
Anyone here who has taken the IB diploma, can you give me a little insight into how Berkeley Admissions sees it?
Robbery on Southside - Stolen Bike
Can you go to other discussions/labs/sections instead of the ones you registered for on telebears?
I'm an undergrad in a STEM major interested in law school. Berkeley students who went to law school, please share your advice with me.
NYE Meetup in El Cerrito, CA (cross post from r/meetup)
Has anyone applied to URAP?? any tips on putting together a good application for the spring??
I'm thinking about Berkeley, can anybody else from the Midwest tell me what to expect?
Help with finding racial distribution at our rival.
Mech Eng degree in jeopardy
Volunteering in Berkeley
Please help!!!!! Just moved to Berkeley and....
I just need to rant. I did horribly this semester, I'm doubting my ability to fulfill any of my future plans, and mostly I'm just lonely and have no friends to vent these feelings to. 
If Cal is really so top notch, how come so many of these "ranking" sites place us at 20+?
Puzzles!  Lots of puzzles!
Places to take your parents?
EECS 122 and CS 188
Two questions about Bmail
How hard is Math 113, Stat 153, and Econ 101A in one semester?
Do summer classes have to adhere to a class average?
L&amp;S Academic probation
Is it worth it to go to bio 1b lectures since they are webcasted?
Failed econ...
Any restaurants open on Christmas?
I'd like to join an IM sports team, but don't know anyone who wants to form one?
Browsing through my old Blue and Gold Yearbooks while at home and look who I ran into! Cal Alums age really well.
By when will unofficial transcripts be updated with this semester's grades?
The worst that Cal has to offer: GF argues she's smarter than her BF because she has a better GPA. Come for the downvotes, stay for the lulz.
Berkeley Considers New Homeless Strategies After Defeat Of Sit-Lie Ban
Berkeley alum devastated by Hurricane Sandy is still moved to uphold his annual donation. Roll on you Bears.
What's up with VOL sections?
Berkeley Patients Group Re-Opens
Grade not posted - help
Alumni, what are you up to now?
Come check out Caliber's Winter Mini-Mag, featuring Nathan Adrian and Saul Perlmutter!
Does anyone at UC berkeley have experience making hobby-level hexacopter UAVs?
Gallant Lab produces a semantic map of the brain [x-post from r/science]
2 consecutive Ds in class 
is that what they do at LBL?
Chamber Hip Hop Opera @ the End of the World this Fri nite @ La Pena in Berkeley sponsored by KALX
Thomas DeCoud (x-post from r/funny)
"Cal Holds Off UCSB For Home Victory
"
PE class waitlists
Jupiter on Shattuck, I know they sell beer but is this a 21+ bar?
Looking for people from Berkeley, CA to come to /r/MakeNewFriendsHere. It's about making new friends from all parts of the world.
Getting from Berkeley to Tahoe?
TIL Before There Was BART, the Transbay Train Crossed the Bay Bridge, Above Water
Masters/Engineering- how is it at Berkeley?
Anyone have experience with Math 110 over summer (or any upper div math in summer)?
Do we have access to SHIP services during the break?
On my first day of funemployment I thought I'd take a stab at tweaking the redesign of the UC logo.
Open letter from a UC Art professor to UC President Mark Yudof (re: the now defunct new logo)
CS61b book international version 
Has anyone taken MCB 110 with Collins??
"Cal Outlasted By No. 16 Creighton
"
Know anyone seeking housing for Spring 2013?
"Cal Hosts 16th-Ranked Creighton: Game Preview
"
University of California suspends use of redesigned logo...Thank god!!!!
UC Berkeley Receives $1 Million for Undocumented Students
How I get woman at UC Berkeley? I am chinese &amp; 3.5"
Storage Solutions in Berkeley? 
Incoming Spring Admit - I couldn't make it to orientation, can you guys orient me? :)
Okay, who's the wiseguy? (ME 106 Class Photo)
Does this mean they'll mail us yet another SHIP card?
Cal is a finalist in the Upgrade My Tailgate sweepstakes. PLEASE VOTE! (It takes &lt; 15 seconds)
A question about living in Berkeley and commuting elsewhere from an out-of-towner
UC to suspend use of new monogram
I want to become investmant bankar. Should I attend business school haas? I am from china
UC Berkeley 2012 Holiday Card - YouTube ???hu?
Any buildings with roof access here? 
Cookie delivery in Moffitt/Doe!
Congrats everyone here on finishing the Fall 2012 Semester! This is exactly how I feel after finishing my last final.
My friend is in a weird situation regarding admissions, any advice? 
Want to make a few Holiday bucks? Go to the DMV with me tomorrow (Friday) afternoon while I take my driving test.  I'll pay you. 
SeekingArrangement.com Reveals Universities with the Fastest Growing Number of Sugar Babies, Uhhh, Go Bears?
Berkeley on Yahoo front page
Kids at Stanfurd are truly much more talented than Cal students (X-Post from r/funny)
Twitter / CjAndersonRB9: Cal let go one of the greatest ...
How GBC feels at the end of the semester
Shot from my study spot under the Campanile 
Is anyone writing an Honors thesis?
Map Sale! - Geography at Berkeley
"Questions about Prescriptions at Berkeley
"
7 Points to Overcome Nerves and Own the Microphone Onstage
I propose another change of our logo.
Berkeley should take note.
It all makes sense now
I noticed these two on the way to one of my finals today. PDA doesn't usually bother me, but public displays of penetration... 
Berkeley Receives $1M for Undocumented Students
Methinks Berkeley Students Have No Problem Procuring Cheap Contraception « sitting on the edge of the sandbox, biting my tongue
Brace yourselves.
An interesting racial map of the bay area (x-post from r/bayarea)
Econ Majors: What is considered a passing grade for a core course?
In defense of the new UC branding: the logo may not be great, but the rest of the design is
Does anyone have the xr/ir study guide?
Comedy group jericho! goes clubbing on campus and up on and inside the Campanile in Club Campanile!  
What was the weirdest/coolest essay you have written for class? 
How to make it in?
Need job in Berkeley, CA
Accidentally thought my paper was due Tuesday. It was due Monday. What should I do?
I've made a high quality loading gif of the new UC logo! 
Too many PhDs? That’s anybody’s guess.
Four years at Cal and I still feel like this when I'm in Dwinelle
Is joining the CAA worth it?? 
Prop 30 fail.
It's Finals Week.
Fail a class
Bring it on, finals.
Need parking over winter break
Anyone got those special Bart Simpson study buddies that they could spare?
Selling Parov Stelar tickets x2
"Cal Loses A Heartbreaker To UNLV 76-75
"
Collegiate Dota 2 League: UC Berkeley Wang is going to the finals.
Gotta watch out for those damn fighting Irish (featuring Natalie Coughlin, Cal Olympian)
A semester's worth of work down the toilet?
Is grad school really a stupid, stupid decision? 
For the last few people out there whose eyes weren't bleeding just yet...  
UCs. What're you doing?
so Berkeley students can be a bit crazy...
Are they still passing out Tshirts for the game?
Seat in Main Stacks
dae hate the logo??
This what the new logo looks like to me 
This past year... the Berkeley I know has died. I think this would be the final nail in my face the university is hammering in.
How to feel more involved and enlightened in Berkeley?
Sign the Petition! Pretty important.
Does anyone else think this whole logo controversy is getting kind of ridiculous?
I was hit by a car door and lost my watch!
Any tips to maximize my GRE score?
This makes me both very proud &amp; very sad.
$$
How I feel about the logo controversy
The New Logo Needs To Die A Quick, Painful Death
Summer 2013 classes are up
Any cheap train tickets to go up to Northern California, and if so, where can I get them? (X-Post from Assistance)
Know how you know your logo sucks? Other schools with crappy "modern" logos are mocking you
The problem with the premium plan
University of California: Loading, loading, loading... [gif]
Just transferred in, fucked up one class, prof. said he'd sign a withdraw petition: is it too late?
End the Madness.
Why I Hate School But Love Education [Tribute] 
Feeling burned out from finals studying
Anoncon part 2!
Best tattoo parlor in Berkeley
University of California introduces a modern logo - San Jose Mercury News
Berkeley Naked Run Asshole, someone please hack this dude...
MRW they broke anoncon.
"Sonny Dykes Vows To Reach The Rose Bowl
"
New plan to put a beehive in every Berkeley middle school
The Santas in the Stacks were back this year!
we're trying to ban Salvation Army? (xpost from /r/politics)
A song that I wrote about a computer science class I took. Apparently it's decent.
Cal Football: Welcoming Sonny Dykes
UC Berkeley Naked Run Fall 2012 - YouTube
How to Sleep Before Finals
The "New Way to Cheat" - If this piques your interest, PM me, or check out the comments. 
Professor of This and That
No hot water for 9 days (and counting). Landlord always says he's "fixing it". What are my rights as a tenant?
UC Berkeley's exoskeleton helps paralyzed man walk again
Witnessing History: Arab Spring - UC Education Abroad
Robert Reich wants to make a documentary about Inequality in America. Help him out by pitching in $5? [Kickstarter]
Where should I get lunch on Southside?
Finals time! Calculate your current average in classes to see what scores you need for each grade...
Work at the Lair of the Golden Bear (a CAA summer family camp) this summer! It will be the best summer you will ever have!
Can someone explain to me why it always smells like shit right here?
Alaska Airlines free roundtrip to anywhere in the continental US?
Sonny Dykes hired as Cal's new football coach
Keenan Allen to declare for NFL draft
Cal Reportedly Hires Sonny Dykes As Their Next Head Coach
Sonny Dykes of Louisiana Tech as Bears' new head football coach
Woman murdered in south Berkeley
Woman shot and killed last night on Sacramento St.
AirBears login app for iOS?
Tech support on/near campus?
Hope you're having a productive Dead Week, Golden Bears...but if you feel like procrastinating...
anyone going to ign goty tomorrow?
Found: Cat
Does anyone happen to have a pdf for microeconomics as a second language?
TIL the Pauley Ballroom is named after a man who used FBI files to harass liberal professors and regents
Free basketball game on Sunday [3PM] versus #18 UNLV. Free coffee. Free shirts. And food trucks!
Ultimate Productivity Guide for UCB Students to Stay Motivated, Efficient, and Sane
Much Ado About Nothing, i.e. for some reason the Daily Mail cares about Berkeley student reporting her sex escapades.
Take a break from studying with Eshelman Free Day!
More than 900 people who were taken to hospitals by Berkeley Fire Department crews may have had their personal information stolen by a Florida crime ring.
What music is getting you through dead week?
Great Space Race! Dropbox is giving away 25GB to universities who sign up
Love my Physics GSI (X-post AdviceAnimals
Chem 1AL Cutoffs 
ID and other wallet contents found by People's Park
NMA TV (Taiwanese Animation Company) - Shock as UC Berkeley student has intercourse on campus
Searching for apartments
Searching for apartmens
Cafes and restaurants with modified hours?
R.I.P. ):
Airbears isn't working on a specific computer, why?
Anoncon delivers! shrewd and salacious GSI Feud
Did anyone else in the dorms notice a huge increase in the internet usage cap?
Best place to get about 75 4x6" photos printed?
Sunday Morning Sproul
"Bears Handed First Loss In Rout To Wisconsin
"
Anoncon is back!
Some easy questions about the final for NST 10.
Apart from studying, how do you usually spend the dead week?
Course about eugenics?
Just a little somethin'-somethin' to aid in your finals...
GSIs are hot
Where to buy men's dress clothes in Berkeley?
UC Berkeley Insults: Spreading negativity
CS61a Scheme Art Project Contest Entries - Awesome and creative work from fellow students!
Who else is with me? 
Hello Everyone, I fucked up and lost my Physics 7B book at the worst possible time of the semester. If there is any one out there that is willing to let me borrow / lend / buy theirs, I would be very happy. Thanks.
Does Berkeley have a finals rescheduling option if you have multiple finals on one day?
Fight Winter Break Boredom: Sign up for Cal Externships!
Need a place to stay for Spring 2013? I'm looking to sublet my room in an apartment on Durant!
"Telegraph Avenue", a book set in Berkeley/Oakland called one of the 100 Most Notable Books of 2012 by NYT
[Pedersen] (in the style of /r/poetry)
Selling two floor tickets to Yellowcard concert for $20 each!
Tomorrow is the last day of the Bear's Lair. Who's going to the final BTC?
That awkward moment when everyone just sits and stares at the Professor.... (Originally posted in r/adviceanimals; roommate pointed out that this is probably more salient to r/berkeley.)
Groping near campus
Starting with the establishment of UC Berkeley. Does anyone know when UC Berkeley first became difficult to get accepted into?
Berkeley lost a student last week. :(
Since it's that time of the semester... (Anthro C100?)
Berkeley Police investigate gunshot at Ed Roberts Campus
Where can I look for a roommate?
$1 Bus from SF to LA 
Has anyone taken Music 29? What's the workload like?
Trip to Sundance Film Festival! 
Campus Power Outage?
Come Watch Cal play Stanford in Nvidia's CoD Black Ops 2 Rivalries Tournament!
Retaking Math 16A
Dropped from CS 61B?
Looking for a glass mug from the late Raleigh's--can you help?
Please help me out by filling out a 5-minute survey. Possibly win $5 gift card.
Precious insight from the Haas School of Business, one of the top business schools in the US
The #GlobalPOV Project. 
Anybody wanna buy an external DVD writer, Linksys router, or 250GB Samsung SSD?
Who sees poverty? - A UC Berkeley creation (x-post from /r/videos)
UC Botanical Garden at Berkeley. Fall 2012
Ever considered taking a sex tour around the campus? Nadia Cho has.
Berkeley Students Occupy Campus Building To Defend Multicultural Education
Dihydrogen monoxide should be banned
Hello r/Berkely! I am looking for tips on the application essay as a potential transfer student.
Any websites for old berkeley exams?
Does anyone else not like the limited flexibility of the new bMail system?
This seems like a really cool christmas present to any college or graduate student. 
Protesters occupy Eshleman Hall to press for multiculturalism on campus 
On the Eshelman Hall occupation
Need help localizing my app! Anyone here know one of these languages and willing to help translate for me? (Languages listed in post)
Occupy Eshleman Hall!
Would any Cal students mind reading my personal statement?
Receiving a package during winter break 
Quick  Phone interview. Where to go on campus?
ADHD Community at Berkeley -- use of Adderall, counseling.
I need help please!
From the Classroom to the Stacks: UC Berkeley’s Library Prize for Undergraduate Research
Cal Football, 2012 Season
My almost bear chest
waitlist into physics H7B
Cal tanks with pac12 logo at the back 
JAKE &amp; AMIR (AND STREETER AND DAN) AT BERKELEY THIS THURSDAY FOR A FREE SHOW!!! Can't believe nobody else posted about this here...am I missing something?
Any recommendations for a car/cab service to Oakland International? 
Polisci 179? 
RSF pass expiration?
FREE at New Parish tomorrow: Hip-Hop Orchestra!
Let's get a head start on this:  When during is the naked run during dead week this semester??
Does any store sell "Berkeley grandparent" car decals? Or customizable decals? Or something else with "Berkeley grandparent" on it?
I think I found the coolest class at Berkeley.
"Cal Routs Pacific To Win DirecTV Classic Championship
"
Need help finding someone to make customized crew neck sweaters. 
Stay home during RRR week?
do u even lift?
No Men's Center at Cal... Why?
Me, upon arriving back at Berkeley after a particularly unproductive past few days.
Come check out the squelchLIVE comedy show! Thurs. Nov 29th, 8PM, 101 Morgan.
I'm going to graduate next semester. What classes can I not give too much of a fuck about and just have fun with?
Sprint users! 4G is now here?
anyone awake on the east coast?
anyone from berkeley up on the east coast?
So who else, male or female, isn't getting laid enough? Let's talk about our terrible sex lives.
UCB Compliments: spreading happiness
have a 5 min to take a study survey?
Long term parking?
can a non-Cal (local community college) student get access to AirBears?
Is it worth downloading the free Adobe products or better just to get the student discount?
Download the free Adobe product vs getting the student discounts?
Anyone have the IB 131A syllabus?
Entrepreneurship at Berkeley [x-post]
I'm bored anyone want to just talk?
Question about Berkeley Physics honors sequence, H7A-H7C.
UC Berkeley Grading System
I am making my paid app FREE for two days! It allows you to stitch together and share your favorite screencaps (example inside).  Fellow bears, please go download it and share it with your friends!
Cal Squeaks By Drake to Advance in DirectTV Classic
A Thanksgiving Feast
Just submitted my app!
I'm start Cal in January and I didn't get into most of the classes I need. Does anyone have any experience as a part-time student? Can I take some classes at the local CC?
This would go great on a T-shirt (x-post from r/funny)
I've been pretty jealous of people's "Look at how lucky I am" posts, but I forgot I spent my luck a couple years ago on a 100 vs. 99 roll.
Where to get the hats with stuffed animal bears on them?
In 1951, my grandfather visited the UC Berkeley campus and took slide photos.  Sixty years later, I followed in his footsteps (x-post from pics)
Hugh Jackson
Where to park in Berkeley during Thanksgiving break?
One of your own won the Turkey Day Hackathon, Go Bears!
I think it's unfair that... 
Farewell Jeff Tedford
$800 for a MCAT/LSAT prep course from Princeton Review (up to $2000 value!)
Best place to buy a ~$30-$50 watch in Berkeley
Nobel Prize Parking Spaces - Periodic Table of Videos
I'm so sorry ;-;
Last day to vote! Help Cal secure the home field advantage in the CoD: Black Ops II match against Stanford!
UC Berkeley ranked #3 Most Dangerous College in America
Is anyone else having trouble forwarding the @berkeley.com email to an @gmail.com? I've tried to set up forwarding from one, and importing from the other but failed..
Business Insider ranks UC Berkeley third most dangerous college in America - The Daily Californian
Telebears Advice
Donate food and win a free meal from Berkeley food trucks
"Barbour says no state funds or student fees will go toward buyout or hiring a new coach."
Donate food and win a free meal from Berkeley food trucks
A List of Possible Candidates  . . .
California fires coach Jeff Tedford 
Any football players on r/berkeley?  What are your opinions about Jeff Tedford?
Bears Targeting Hue Jackson or Rick Peterson to Replace Tedford
Steven Crowder on Hannity - UC Berkeley. Does this piss anyone off?
Jeff Tedford FIRED.
Is Jeff Tedford Fired?
Spring 2013 class recommendations?
Cal v. Stanford hackathon tomorrow. Winner gets a catered turkey dinner and a meeting with a Y Combinator Partner.
CalTV reports on new UC Video based Network
#hungrybears (and Lisa Frank)
New UC Logo...
Is Startup @ Berkeley dead?  If so, are there other groups similar to it?
What is the punishment for protesting against the police?
"Source: Tedford Likely To Return To Cal Next Season
"
If you have an extra minute, can you help me out by taking this short survey? and possibly win a gift card! Thanks! :)
Reminder: today is the last day to vote for UC Berkeley's PiE in the ZipCar Students with Drive competition!
Questions about getting in
Cal student named one of 32 Rhodes scholars nationwide
EECS major = no girlfriend?
Great China is reopening Spring 2013 (at the former Looneys location)!
This is sad indeed -- "Fire accelerated Telegraph Avenue spiral"
Help me out for my project by taking this short survey please? :)
"Cal Pummeled By No.11 Oregon State In Final Game
"
[Football] Tedford will be fired ________
Used longboard?
Anyone driving down to LA on Wednesday and/or back up on Sunday? I desperately need a ride.
Top 10 smartphone apps for students
Hip-Hop Orchestra Performing on KALX Live tonight at 11 pm!
I'm applying as an undergraduate in physics, but if I get in, I plan to transfer into the college of engineering. How hard would it be to do this at Berkeley?
Good DJ's in Berkeley
UCB Professor Judith Butler on Divesting from Two US Companies Enabling the Israeli Military
Has anyone taken Greek 10? (Elementary intensive greek)
Makers, hackers, designers, and artists
Hehe
Looks like Berkeley is trying to turn into the Wizard of Oz.  We just need some tigers.
Housing in Berkeley
Where exactly is the secret underground animal testing lab? 
Aaron Rodgers wants Tedford to keep his job
Are there any student veterans here?
My friend and I are starting a sandbag conditioning class at César E. Chávez park. Come join us! (x/post from r/bayarea)
Economics 131 or 134?? Saez or Romer??
Can anyone give my roommate a carpool to LA on next Wednesday for Thanksgiving break?
Torrenting on Berkeley's VPN?
A new place in the East Bay to see indie music acts: The Monkey House Theater!
Flying home for thanksgiving? Let Mozio get you to the airport!
UC Berkeley Noteworthy - Fat Bottom Girls/Baby Got Back - West Coast 2012 - YouTube
Huh!  Ya don't say...
Help Cal beat Stanford in a voting contest for the Call of Duty Black Ops 2 Rivalry Competition!
E40 &amp; Too Short - Ballin Is Fun (filmed in Berkeley, San Pablo and University)
Missy Franklin...Cal Me Maybe?
A Joke for Organic Chemists.
Anyone want to play piano at an awards show on Dec 6 and meet MC Hammer? 
Cal Band Beyonce Show!
How to determine your grades at Cal...
Hands off the nuts! They're drying!
I'm leading a walking tour covering 100+ years of Berkeley South Asian American activist history
$30 at Joshu-ya's for $15!
@berkeley.edu emails no longer coming in to my phones email after i "upgraded" to bmail.. halp!
Interested in Outdoor Fun / SF / Photography? Join Photowalk Club
Berkeley Robotics Group (PiE) needs your help! [shameless plug]
CARS loophole?  Is there anyway to pay a CARS bill with a CC? 
"Prop 30 funds for UC will go to Wall Street--""Over the last decade, the UC Board of Regents has engaged in risky deals with Wall Street banks called interest rate swaps...now these swaps have turned out to be losing bets.""





"
Cal football player does an IAmA.
Where to find course syllabus?
Where can I find syllabus for undergrad courses?
Computer Repair
Anywhere to study on holidays?
Adobe discounts for students!
If you're not doing anything tonight, head down to Haas for the basketball game at 7. Free admission and soup for all students w/ Cal ID.
Hey, /r/berkeley! I'm a senior in high school, and it would be really cool if you guys can give me some tips/advice. 
Al Saracevic and SF Chronicle: Jeff Tedford
Come check out /r/bayareagraffiti if you are interested in public street art around town!
I am a woman looking for the code to the Harper Street Hot Tubs in Berkeley, CA. Can you help
Opinions on Outdoor Adventure Club?
caliber: what is this?
where to live for spring?
lmao at the duck mascot
Came to Berkeley when "the Bears post their first losing season in the Tedford era and fail to make a bowl game" and will leave just as a 5-star recuit  brings back winning ways (or so I hope).
Bonfire. Roast the Duck!
The new Chancellor: an eligible bachelor
Stolen Bike
BONFIRE! Flames start at 7 in the Greek! 
I'm so horny right now....
Going to my first Bears game tomorrow, where do I drink beforehand?
The new Chancellor, Nicholas B. Dirks: Unphotoshopped
Court orders eviction of 40 Acres cannabis collective | Berkeleyside
hella meal points left    questions
Final home game of the season, anyone want to buy a ticket?
Our New Chancellor
Seminar: Dr. Voytek speaks on the Frontal Lobe, its functions and societal implications.
The new Chancellor, Nicholas B. Dirks, rocking a solid unibrow
Looking for a female subletter for Spring 2013! 
Nicholas Dirks of Columbia University selected as next UC Berkeley chancellor
FirstWorldCalProblems:  I was looking forward to walking out today, but then my professor cancelled class.
Beginner music classes? 
TIL the Big C is 107 years old
Ninja Courses test bank is down
Selling my Oregon student ticket!
Are there any student game designers out there?
where can i score some addy?
Any Nepalese out there???
Proposition 30 wins by narrow margin; midyear UC tuition increase unlikely!
Anyone here good at COD?
PRESIDENT BARACKA FLACKA FLAME THIS FUCKINN HOEE
PRESIDENT BARACKA FLACKA FLAME THIS FUCKINN HOEE
IMAP on bMail
Obama Won
My first Cal Movement: clean the fucking comp. keyboards!
I made this anti-Measure S doodle.
How to survive Sproul as an absentee voter
How to survive lower Sproul as an absentee voter
Election parties in Berkeley?
Where can I fix my bike? Any recommendations
Any website making clubs on campus?
Where to watch election results?
how do i get bcal to work on x-notifier for firefox?
The new campus bConnected email service is pretty creepy...
RunningWolf For Berkeley Mayor 
"berkeley goggles" [FIXED]
I have a ticket to Lindsey Stirling's concert Tuesday Nov 6th at 7:00p.m at the pauley ballroom. Who wants it? [can't make it or refund the ticket]
All I want to know, is how I can forward my email to another gmail account that I had before. why is it so hard. PS: I haven't actually tried.
I want to go to Cal Berkeley
Please take time to read this great piece a close friend of mine wrote for UCSB's newspaper. 
Quick question about scheduling
I might fail a class for the first time (Math 1B)... What do I do? How likely is it that I'll fail?
"Berkeley goggles"
CS major looking for first upper divs
How do y'all feel about ballot measure S?
Are basketball season tickets for $55 worth it?
Anyone looking for a room in a house next semester?
Delicate Dessert Free Whoopie Pie Promotion!
[Football] Maynard's MRI shows no ligament damage
Meal Points Are a Scam
Has airbears been really bad this weekend for anyone else?
A warning to my fellow Cal grads: My $72K student loan story [x-post from /r/studentloans]
Selling Tickets for Wrex The Halls =)
A good way to sum up our season
Thug Tennis Courts
Horsing around Berkeley - a short film
Anyone want to buy BF3 (Xbox 360) for $25?
Free Concert on the Glade at 7 with Super Mash Bros and Classixx!
Remember Ladies and Gents! Win or Lose, There's Always Booze! AmIRight? Guys?
Barcraft @ Berkeley for MLG Dallas tomorrow starting at 10am at Pappy's!! Come join in the fun!
Did anyone else see this on Sproul?!
Cal loses game, two key players and bowl eligibility against Washington
Where to get old exams for Math/Physics/CS courses now that Ninjacourses has some problems with UCB?
Why aren't there more night games?
Well, our season may be over. But let's look on the bright side...
Tedford: Let me make this clear. Do NOT, under any circumstances, burn Zach Kline's red-shirt season in an attempt to save your dying career. 
Cal community member devastated by Hurricane Sandy
Awesome Chairs - YouTube
"Great Non-Partisan Voter Guides

Go out and vote! "
Will there be a Barcraft in Berkeley this weekend?
Asians on beds.
Berkeleyside Op-Ed Fact checking the PR spin from the Oakland Zoo that is trying to pass a new tax (Measure A1) for all of Alameda county.
are you allowed to bring flowers inside Zellerbach? 
~Horsing~ Around UC Berkeley
Anyone taken or heard about the online course in art?
How do I transfer a student ticket purchased as part of season tickets to another UC Berkeley student? I can't attend Friday's game and am trying to give away my ticket.
Anyone more about this guy/emcee? He's supposedly a Cal student.
Anyone want a free ticket to the Washington game?
Horsing around UC Berkeley - a short film
Horsing around UC Berkeley - a short film (1m23s)
racist hanging zombie?
Wanna help some students out by watching this hilarious 1 minute video?
If you're still coming to the game tomorrow, don't forget your Gold.
Check out my video!
How to go down? Berkeley style. (A video for SOC167)
I made this video for Soc 167 (any of you take this class before?). Let me know what you think! 
Blonde College Girl Survives Sproul at UC Berkeley
Car Stolen!
Denero Dances Gangam Style
hey /r/berkeley whats up?
found post office money gram
Halloween in Berkeley
Student Ticket to this Friday's Cal-WA game - $15
All-Day Paintball Admission ANDDD Equipment Rental for Four People Only $20! $5/person. (Up to $140 Value)
So Beau is moving into my old place in Berkeley
Came across this spectacle on my way home from class...
Academic probation?
Giving away a ticket to the Washington game for free - details inside!
TIL that my astronomy professor, Geoff Marcy, is a badass.
NaNoWriMo!
Anyone know if any place on campus sells greek yogurt?
Telebears trouble: Transaction Cancelled
"Mime Wars" Hilarious jericho! video shot on sproul. 
Ticket to Friday's Game
Selling student section Washington ticket for this Friday!!!
Finding a replacement for a 1 year lease, what are my options(legally)?
What's your take on this topic? Pure-out offensive, some truth to it, or totally agree? 
Lost Sony 5n Nex - Help please!
you dun goof'd
CalTV E: San Francisco Playhouse
CalTV E: Sitting Down With Freelance Whales
CalTV E: Chatting it up with Geographer
Selling Washington Student Ticket
Anyone have magnets?
Berkeley kids: Giants just won!
Subletting for Spring 2013 semester - Furniture included.
TRADE: motorcycle stand for yummy vegan food
Where can I download "Cal" music?
Let's talk about Measure S.
My friend needs help?
$15 Cal vs Washington student ticket
recording studio or music room to jam with microphone/speakers
Watching tonight's game with a group of grad students, some of which were Cal undergrads...
Anywhere to get cat ears for halloween costume right now?
Where can I take old/broken electronics &amp; batteries?
Making friends and do UCB students actually blaze?
Stream for the Cal v Utah game right now? PM me a link please!
Grad School
Sproul; also, Chalk.
Real thrift stores?
/r/berkeley, what is the biggest change in majors you have heard of (or personally experienced)? 
Discussion/Labs are full but Lecture isn't? Help!
Hey Guys! I'd like to start a My Little Pony Fanclub!
Late Night Dessert Delivery!
Need access to an inkjet printer
Computer Science vs Electrical Engineering &amp; Computer Science
Okay is the new bConnected playing some sick joke on me? after multiple attempts of logging in out and around, youtube still won't work
Study abroad and breaking dorm contract
Cal Redditors! Physics 8a question! Heinemann or Deweese? 
Mythbusters in a lab in Stanley Hall today! Proof: a pic of the back of Jamie's head
Mythbusters in a lab in Stanley Hall today! Proof: a pic of the back of Jamie's Hyneman's head
Robert Reich's Class for Phase 1?
Best place to buy cheap stencils?
In case you missed it: A picture of Richard Dawkins giving a lecture at a church in Berkeley
Not sure if this has been posted yet, but you guys should sign up! Get 15 GB of dropbox space and the potential for 25 GB if enough ppl sign up.
I am sick of these ass holes who hang around shattuck. Who else agrees?
Cats judged for color, says UC Berkeley study - The Daily Californian
I'm totally at a loss choosing NucE courses for spring 2013
Any fellow hardcore Bears going to this tomorrow?
My chances to get into UC Berkeley?
Meal Points blocked
Anyone know of a study skills course I can take on campus?
I can haz coat color tolerance? Berkeley study finds stereotyping of cat personalities according to color.
Place to be completely alone in the main stacks?
Buses from Berkeley to LA for Thanksgiving?
I created an iOS app called Stitch It! It makes it easy to piece together long text message conversations, remove private information, and to share them.  Fellow bears, can you help me get it off the ground?
Personalized Cal checks
Is there anywhere on campus that helps students with start-up companies?
"An existential necessity at Cal" - a sobering, but important read
So the usual Halloween shop on Shattuck no existe este ano.  Are there any other big box halloween stores in the East Bay or do I have to go to SF?
Social networks are getting progressively annoying, so I made this site that is simply a Wiki profile page for each person. Open to Cal now! Comments welcome
Where's a place for cheap printing when the ASC is closed?
Selling Washington Student Ticket
Weird Half-Life 2/Combine sounding air raid siren and garbled electronic voices...
Win a page [yes, your OWN page] in the next issue of Caliber! Just send us a photo that you think defines "everything". 
how mit hacked the dropbox space race
Where or how to get a fake ID on or near campus
How I Feel at Cal
What's the weirdest book you've come across so far in the library? 
Statistics class for Bio major??
Girl lost camera - trying to return it to her. Does anyone recognize her? 
Today is the LAST DAY to register to vote!
Fellow Bears, you could win a $50 Amazon gift card by taking this quick survey on paint! ImagiCal, your award-winning advertising team, thanks you for your support. 
Pac12 Fitness Challenge on Facebook
Steam Tunnels ? 
Relationship advice for Cal students!
HALLOWEEN PARTIES
Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to register to vote in California! Let's beat UCLA!
Funny Caliber Article
Hilarious jericho! comedy video "Mime Wars" shot on sproul! 
First Debtors' Assembly in Berkeley Wed. Oct. 24 5PM @ California Hall
Sun Rage (xpost from r/f7u12...I just thought it was fitting considering today)
Projectors in Dwinelle
Does anyone know if there's a meditation group on campus?
Selling a Student Washington Ticket
Comic book readers of r/berkeley, a moment of your time please (x-post from r/comicbooks)
Mac or Windows?
Is there anywhere I can print for free on the weekends?
CS 61AS
What happened to the dude who ran naked across the field during the Big Game?
UC Berkeley on Post Secrets
UC Berkeley secret at Post Secrets
Code of Conduct Violations on Game Day
Missy Franklin commits to Cal - The Daily Californian
Best Coffee in Berkeley
Snapshot from The Big Game
Fire Jeff Tedford | Facebook
I'm not angry, I'm not pissed, I'm just sad and disappointed.
Comic about the BIG GAME! [oc]
Well, at least our band was a hell of a lot better than theirs :)
how i feel today
Couldn't get a ticket?
A Good Place To Do Long Runs?
"The most amazing, sensational, dramatic, heart-rending... exciting, thrilling finish in the history of college football!" Go Bears, bring home the Axe!
Post game activities?
Celebratory Lights during Big Game Week 
Where is the best place to buy liquor in Berkeley?
Berkeley's proposed ban on sidewalk sitting gets the New York Times treatment.
Roll On You Bears!
cancel meal plan?
Phase I Bio 1B or upper div Philo class
Don't have your Big Game ticket yet? You have until 1PM to get one for 25 dollars. Code: BEATSTANFORD.
Geographer/Freelance Whales last night?
Good place to find a Halloween costume / materials for a Halloween costume?
Such awesome projections are up this year. Long live the Rebel Alliance!
The Campanile has shoes?
Anyone in r/berkeley have a Canon Rebel XT/XTi? (hoping for a miracle here)
anyone know the history of this building?
After spending so much $$$, the team still sucks. But, who cares? Just BEAT STANFURD!!! BIG GAME WEEK BABY~~~ Bring the AXE home where it belongs!!!
Looking for bassist, accordionist, and  percussionist/drummer to play a 3 minute song (Hot-N-Cold Polka) as part of an opening act for an improv comedy show at 8pm on Friday, Oct 26
Any other Berkeley natives never gone to a football game?
So you're going to your first Big Game...
Did anyone find Jaclyn Lai's student ID around northside/VLSB area?
Paul Doherty from The Exploratorium to speak at BCC
ITAP from Memorial Glade. I love Big Game Week.
Berkeley needs a hero..
Master Sword anyone?
Tightwad Hill
Who has done the College Works internship or was not chosen to be an intern?
The Campanile tonight: The Deathly Hallows!
I guess it does make a sound
Selling a ticket to big Game against Stanfurd.
Overnight Parking this Saturday
Selling big game tickets?
Looking for ticket to the Big Game.
How easy is it...
Lost a duct tape wallet in/around Soda or Qualcomm/Bechtel area?
Anyone want to teach me how to throw a football?
Thoughts on using this subreddit for selling/buying things
4 Big Game tickets up for grabs (Free!) 
Using DeCals to fulfill upper-div units outside of major?
Anybody know of a good dogsitter? 
Yoga &amp; Fitness Supply Swap - Sat October 20th
Washington Football tickets!!!
Attention all Berkeley Cyclists!
Easy A classes for boosting GPA ? 
Eric Cuellar, Justin Teixeira, Berkeley Law Students, Accused Of Beheading Exotic Bird At Las Vegas Casino
Eric Cuellar and Justin Teixeira: Berkeley Law students allegedly behead exotic bird for kicks at Flamingo casino
Cal Stop-motion!
CARS and payment help for a freshman
One Reason to Attend ---satiriCAL webcomics series---
Declaring LS CS
Just wondering... Has anyone had a class with someone who doesn't believe in evolution?
Get an extra 3GB of dropbox space for being a Berkeley student!
Any Chance?
[Football] Check out which head coach hit ESPN! (bottom of the page)
In preparation for the Big Game...
In preparation for the Big Game.
Does anyone know if there is a website that tells you how fast classes fill up?
Does anyone have an extra ticket to the big game they don't need?
x-post from r/cfb: New t-shirt for the big game
Creator of Berkeleytime here: Don't forget to take advantage of it for Telebears next week and tell your friends!
Looking for a Big Game Ticket?
All Decals?
Have room in your schedule? Let's compile a list of interesting/fun classes you're taking or thinking about taking.
I will pay $40 for your Big Game student ticket.
Auto Transport Berkeley, California
Any mat space on campus other than the RSF?
Does anyone know a good place to watch the Giants game tomorrow?
How I feel as a stat major when a business major says they have a "problem set" due
NE Major Questions.
Football tickets!!!!!!
[Football] So, I'm torn
Co-op questions. Help, please!
Big Game start time
Any word on if the Chem 3B T-TH 3:30-5 section will be open for next semester?
Berkeley Sunday Streets - Oct 14th
I live far away from campus and can't drive, and public transit at this point has driven me up a wall, any alternatives?
2 Berkeley Law Students Accused of Decapitating Rare Flamingo in Las Vegas 
Adobe Student Discount! 60% off Creative Cloud
Super Mario Style - UC Berkeley Gangnam Style Flashmob [Official version] - YouTube
[AAA] LAN-B4-TIME - Saturday
After four years, you come out of Berkeley with a B.A.... in the art of dodging flyers. {satiriCAL} --- This is the first episode. Please share~~~ Thx.
Berkeley flash mob: Gangnam style
What counts as a series for engineers?
Physics 110A/B
Favorite place to study on campus?
Cal vs Washington football game, where to watch?
Berkeley BioE Music Video
Just wondering, does anyone have a difficult time getting airbears login site to show up?
Looking outside my window, I've decided that this meme is relevant for once.
Girl(friend) coming to visit from LA this weekend. Where/what to do/go?
If Measure S passes in Berkeley, it will be illegal for people to sit on sidewalks. Is this right?
#4 in the world in Engineering! One ahead of Stanford
Looking for two other individuals for Morgan Stanley Investment Banking competition
Are there any languages on campus that start introductory classes in the Spring? 
LearnStreet - Coding Starts Here
Study Aids?
Telebears trouble
Forget transferring to Monsters U, apparently I already go there!
anyone know where to find FWB type relationships in Berkeley?
Math 110 with Dherin next semester
My friend lost her iPhone 4S today on campus. It is in a green gel case and was left on the stone deck in front of Doe Library.
Quick question on schedule for transfer student in EECS
Taquito Tuesday! anyone else have any weekly munchie spots?
Spring 2013 Classes
Informal Football
Rasputin is giving away Smashing Pumpkins tickets Today Only, for this Friday in SF
Anyone going to Treasure Island this weekend?
Physics Nobel winner is Berkeley alum ('65)
Moving from London to Berkeley, looking for a room for 3.5 months
Looking to purchase Dawkins speech tickets for next Thursday! If you have them and can't go or know someone, please let me know!!
Are there any videos of Professor John Neu posted online?
Blind girl on campus.
A comic series on UC BERKELEY?! Pure awesomeness~~~~~ Representttttttt
Illegality of medical marijuana in dormitories?
Where can I celebrate my birthday? 
High-tech startup conference at UC Berkeley
Help us register more students to vote than UCLA!
Everest properties-My tenant rights??
Touchdown Monday deserves a scoreboard picture
It's my first Berkeley midterm season. Anyone else having a strong love/hate relationship with Cal right about now?
My Jeep was stolen from Emeryville October 4th, NV Lic # ERROR with KE7VQE decals all over it.
Cheap places to get alterations?
How can I develop more library stamina?
All day parking on Saturdays?
Cheaper method to obtain new laptop battery?
Any classes about comics at Cal?
Homecoming at Sunset
Homecoming at sunset
DAE find the amount of race based student groups a little odd?
Dear students, please bring that same energy to the Big Game.
Advice on how to secure Big Game tickets?
Card stunt panorama 
Is that the scoreboard?
Seeing that we won the game (43-17 Go Bears!) where/when are places doing discounts?
My thoughts on tonight's game
Anyone else feel like this right now?
UCLA vs. Cal football game stream link
Witnesses to car vs. wheelchair accident (9/8/12)
This pretty much sums up our season this year... (x-post from r/CFB)
where to go out tonight?
CS194 classes
2 tickets for Gospel show at Freight at Salvage
In preparation for Homecoming week
Community College Courses?
Ansel Adams UC Berkeley Photographs: Professor Finds Hundreds Of Images Of University By Iconic Photographer
What annoys GSIs the most about their students?
Where should I try to get seats for the Big Game?
Teebs and TOKiMONSTA playing in Lower Sproul at 7:30pm tonight, check it out!
UCLA Student Here - Question about Football Games
Check out this hilarious take on everything about Mitt Romney! Are you Too Legit to Mitt?
Astrophysics student with lymphoma makes epic trek
Something to do for the month of October near Berkeley
Telegraph Avenue vendor “Patches” arrested for alleged sale of marijuana
UCLA looks to spoil homecoming week for Cal
Spring '13 Schedule Help
Falling behind in classes
Advice on 162 for next spring
BerkeleyTime, new schedule planning website! More streamline, sort classes by grade, workload, unit count, AC/R&amp;C, etc. Check it out and pass on to friends!
Introducing Berkeleytime: Course Discovery Simplified
Anyone looking to get rid of a keyboard?
Any Spring admits looking to live in a dorm?
Decolonize the New World 2012. Get ready for Decolonize the New World actions this weekend
Cal's own anime convention! Oct. 13th, in MLK.
CS186 Spring 2012
Is there a minimum number of graded units per semester?
This is how I feel living in LA after graduating from Cal
Does anyone have a ticket to this week's game they don't need?
Berkeley Safeway reopening this Friday! If you got the coupon booklet, there are some great deals inside. 
Representing Cal at the Summit of Mt. Whitney
Studying? Bored? Want some coffee? 
How I feel when I do poorly on two midterms in a row...
unusual weather in berkeley... (girls will understand)
Looks like we recently passed 4,000 Bears!  Go us!
Transfer GPA!
Need recommendation for an upper division computer science class
Will someone help me use DC++?
Any Video Gaming Clubs on Campus? Or similar? I'm the Ubisoft Campus rep, Looking to partner with student organizations! 
The Secret to Telebears Success
Anybody want to fight right now? PM me.
I want to apply to Berkeley Engineering, Can you redditors give me some advice?
Kind of a long shot, but I lost my wallet today on the 1R AC Transit bus to school; would be rad if someone sees it and/or returns it. 
Advice for getting into a lab as an undergraduate?
Sunset at Lawrence Hall
Canceling a Spring Housing Contract
Did your power just come back on? How widespread was the outage?
Last semester at Cal, what class do I need to take?
Looking for an extra Tmobile phone to borrow/buy
Any good salad places?
So I volunteered to help SHEP today...
The City
I am applying to Berkeley, do you have any advice?
I'd love to live in a place like this
Kendrick Lamar free live performance &amp; signing at Rasputin Berkeley 10/24 (xpost /r/bayarea)
Made a zombie movie with some friends. Tell me what you guys think!
Anyone want to watch some MNF later?
What's your Berkeley do-over? 
Told my 8 yr old sister, i'll be missing her birthday party because of an exam coming up. She wasn't very happy with that.
Undeclaring a major?
Looking for ride to Santa Cruz Friday 10/3
September's best new album releases (according to Caliber Magazine) (X-post from indie_rock)
Places to Paintball?
Selling one ticket to Ben Howard (The Fillmore, Oct. 9)
Brendan Bigelow?
Who has a Dawkins ticket they want to sell??
Berkeley sandwich place similar to Jimmy John's?
how can i get in to the big game without a student ticket?
Any Berkeley kids in MCB 32?
What are my chances of getting accepted as a transfer student?
I'm a guy looking to get my ears pierced. Anyone have suggestions on places where I can get this done?
Spring 2013 Schedule is up
And since we're now 1-4...
This is not Schindler's list. It is made by berkeley students.
hope people aren't sick of Gangnam Style already...but here is an awesome acoustic cover made by some fellow Cal students.
Cal v. ASU
Stop sitting on your ass, go to the game (free student ticket)
California's Largest Student Union Votes to Condemn Attempts at Silencing Dissent
VLSB featured in new Google "Field Trip" App Commercial
Anyone know how to get to SFO in the early morning on Sat? Have a flight at 7AM
What is there to do around here?
Chamber Hip Hop Opera @ La Pena in Berkeley tomorrow! 
Actual safety advisory from Haas. Incoming heatwave, take care everyone!
Former Cal Safety Thomas DeCoud does the meow game during ESPN interview
What time to get to memorial stadium?
Favorite coffee place in Berkeley? Go.
Bike accident outside of Etcheverry Hall
A capella groups in Berkeley for amateurs? 
Ride safely (and drive), my friends...
I have no friends.
Small Earthquake at 9:25am this morning!  Anyone else feel it? 
Does anyone want this week's football game ticket for free?
Any ents out there in this late night?
Is designated driving uncommon around here?
I'm really interested in tea: the different kinds, qualities, brewing styles, etc. Does anybody else share my interest?
New to Berkeley. Now what?
Microwave near GPB?
First year looking for musicians/full bands
Here are one Cal student's reflections on Cal and the City of Berkeley... from 125 years ago!
VLSB Makes a Cameo in New Google "Field Trip" Ad
Does anyone want to help me change my brake pads?
Units dorm breaking lease?
Can anyone explain why we don't have a 24/hr library? 
TIL William Hung, of American idol fame, went to UC Berkeley. (15 second mark).
Anyone wanna buy my ticket to the ASU game this Saturday?
Saw this on /r/funny and not here (X-post /r/funny)
What's the story of the crazy man who always sits outside of Sather Gate at noon?
Events in Berkeley
Dance classes around campus?
Where's the cheapest place to get football tickets?
Hey /r/berkeley!  My friend and decided against interning this summer and built a website for students instead.  It came out half-way decent and we wanted to share with you. 
What's the best way to meet people at Cal?
Anyone interested in creating a comedy web series focused on the day of a Cal Student?
Can someone at UC Berkeley tell me what global News Paper front pages are posted outside that one building on campus?
Remembering and honoring our classmates and other fellow Golden Bears, including my good friend from freshman year.
What are your opinions of tooting it and booting it?
The Miyazaki screenings at California theater were extended another week!
Magic Mushrooms
Attention Berkeley-area actors (and friends of actors): We are now casting for the role of Gus in our Breaking Bad parody short film!
Finding empty rooms with blackboards/whiteboards?
Free screening for HANNA this Friday at 7:30 PM in 2060 VLSB
What I think this bomb threat is all about
Nikon Lenses
Campus Alert
Gov. Gary Johnson at Berkeley
TIL: UC Riverside has two hills on campus. They are named "Whiskey Wee Wee" and "Oski Wow Wow"
TIL: UC Riverside has a hill named after Oski.
Berkeley vs. Stanford
Anyone current CAL students want a ticket to the game on Saturday 9/29?
hot soup issue at golden bear
Anyone interested in Football Tickets this week????
Let's talk groceries. Cheapest/convenience/freshest/etc.
(f) looking for an apartment near campus for spring and possibly summer 2013!
r/berkeley: Where is your favorite place to study?
gun club
smokers around Soda/ Etch
Is the Gary Johnson event legit?
Anyone with a ticket NOT planning on going to the ASU game Saturday?
Heard big C has been painted red. Can anyone corroborate? 
Berkeley LoL Team Info
Anyone else awake at 3 am?
altruism
How to get to Mountain View (google)
Anyone want to help this floundering high school senior?
Cheap Shit.
How does the free copy of Windows from the school work?
Let's talk Tedford...
Thinking about learning Chinese
A one-way Davis - Berkeley bus ticket I never used.. PM me if you want it and I'll mail it to you!
Is tomorrow bisexual day in Berkeley?
Richard Dawkins COMING TO BERKELEY for "Magic of Reality" Tour
My pain as a Berkeley native
Anyone interested in forming a TF2 Highlander team?
Berkeley, CA. Thriving Communities - YouTube
Cal against USC game thread
Anyone want to grab a drink today?
Finding Something to do?
Volunteer programs over winter break?
anyone want to go to Beach House next friday at the Fox?
Chances of getting into Cal next fall?
Endeavour (once again!) from the Lawrence Hall of Science
Endeavor from Lawrence Berkeley Lab
Anyone here going to FFXI concert tomorrow (Sat)?
Pic of Space Shuttle from the Space Sciences Laboratory
Looking to interview students on film regarding social issues in this country 
Lunch Club at Smart Alec's now. 
Space Shuttle Endeavor Flyover - Berkeley [HD]
Endeavor flying over Berkeley as seen from the roof of Earl Warren Hall
Invite for Berkeley students to knowledge-sharing platform
Class to take!?!
Graduated from high school in Iowa last semester, working full time in San Francisco. I don't know anyone, how can I meet people my age in the area?
The first of a twelve part series on the mythical origin of each Pac-12 school. Pretty funny read.
Apparently students at Florida think they have a chance at winning an ACM style coding competition over us
Rasputin's giving away Serj Tankian (System of a Down) tickets in SF, today (xpost /r/bayarea)
Is it still possible to add a PE course?
Any other graduates get this health insurance offer from CAA?
Lunch Club tomorrow on Telegraph?
I'm in the library. How the hell do I find anything in the library?
DEAR 2333 CHANNING WAY, 3RD FLOOR:
[wanted] Big game ticket!
Places for a first date?
half time 
College Tours: Where to Eat Near U.C. Berkeley | Serious Eats
Howdy. I'll be visiting in a few weeks to see someone who I absolutely adore. I'd like some sweet suggestions on interesting/esoteric things to do. 
Ohh professor Simic you sly dog
Looking for a gym lifting partner in the morning 8AM (usually) 
Rasputin's giving away Wilco tickets, today only (xpost bayarea)
Sex on Tuesdays - "Since that night, I constantly crave vagina in my mouth"
The first rule of Lunch Club is...
Sorry if this is against protocol guys, but our cat is missing and we're all pretty busted up over it. I figured posting here couldn't hurt.
So I bombed the CS61a midterm...
Anyone know any good places to do phone interviews on campus?
Looking for an interesting, open class. Any recommendations?
Anyone else think Oski Bear is fucken creepy?
Switching classes this late in the semester...
Some very well-made cheat sheets by former Cal student Andy Friedman (includes lower div Math/Physics, some upper div Physics)
Beyond Wonderland
Co-ops: What are my chances? 
Support Prop 30: Temporary Taxes for Education. If it fails, billions in education funding will be automatically cut.
Looking for housing in Berkeley... Any advice? Or leads?
What are the most interesting Berkeley-affiliated start-ups?
Anyone else going to Amon Tobin oct 5th at greek theatre?
Chicken pox
RARE Lil B video filmed on campus. (x-post r/HipHopHeads)
Anybody wanna play soccer
Caliber article about a band that thinks that the world is going to end this year.
Looking for Dhol player for sister's Bengali wedding
Shameless Plug for New Club on Campus
I'd like to go tunneling.  Does anyone have any first-hand experience, maps, etc?
i lost my swiss army knife
snuck into Memorial Stadium on Friday Night
how hard is it to cancel housing contract for spring?
Meet Tyrone the Biologist (x-post /r/funny) 
Where would I go about getting a professional picture of me taken around Berkeley? (On the cheap, done well)
Berkeley hits the front-page
I heard that Calmail was moving over to a Gmail interface.
When will Safeway on North Shattuck be done? DAE know?
CA's largest student union condemns resolution HR 35, tells UC Regents stop profiting from Israeli occupation
Good computer repair place/shop? Anyone wanna buy spare parts for a desktop?
The last meetup was kind of a fail. How should we make it so people know where the reddit group is?
I need a wingman 
I got to the meetup around 4:00, but couldn't find you guys, so I took this picture of the Campanile on my way home. 
No plans this evening? Come to board game club, starting now!
As we left a party that was broken up by the cops, one cop asked us if we had Mardi Gras beads. Turns out he was playing Friday night police scavenger hunt bingo!
Seriously, did I miss like the T-shirt giveaway or something?
Looking for a good vantage point for shows at the Greek Theater
Cal has the Lead on OSU....
Looking for something to do tonight?  Come play board games and werewolves!
Link to the Cal-OSU game?
Hi- I'm a Berkeley student and was looking for a Nordstrom employee to help me out!
Is there a way to pay for your CARS bill with your balance in Cal1 card?
I received an email from the chancellor of Affirmative Action or some bullshit. So I emailed them back...
Tons of bicycles (hundreds) just rolled by, anyone know the event?
i want to learn an instrument
anyone in cal wants to meet up and have an informal depression support group?
Stuff to do on Saturday around town
Does anyone have any tips for getting to our annoyingly located Targets or a suggestion for a similar replacement?
The eSports @ Berkeley Starcraft 2 team will be playing a live exhibition match vs the Seoul National University tonight at 8pm!! Come watch and cheer our Golden Bears on in 109 Dwinelle!
Coming to visit a couple buddies for the weekend... Down for a Berkeley meetup?
Kind of behind in schoolwork; considering strategies.
What the hell is happening outside Kip's right now?
College reddit meetup day: Saturday the 15th, 1pm-5pm, Memorial Glade. Potluck + games
How Berkeley can you be?
Need time management tips
Made this adorable animal website that uses artificial intelligence after taking an AI class
any berkeley/boalt ents out there?
Never had health insurance before, and UC SHIP doesn't really appeal that much to me. Any recommendations on a health insurance plan?
This holds true for too many of my classmates...
There's a Miyazaki fest at the California Theatre in Berkeley starting this weekend and running through the following week and a half.
Cal Alum J. Christopher Stevens '82, US Ambassador to Libya, killed in consulate attack
Cal Alum J. Christopher Stevens '82, US Ambassador to Libya, killed in embassy attack
Gift-wrapping services in Berkeley?
Starting at 11:45 AM, 1,000 Digits of pie will be skywritten over the bay area. Passes over Berkeley at approx. 12:08pm
Cal Bears in need of decent suits
FBI spied on students during the 60s
Questions about OCF
Putnam Exam Study Group
Computer Repair Services on campus? 
Hey /r/Berkeley! Does anybody need a (nice, clean) roommate?
How do I get into the Dwinelle computer lab?
saw this in wheeler
Mark Bingham- Cal Rugby Champion and American Hero of United Flight 93
A semester later, I realize this about CS10's programming language
Anyone tried getting Windows from the school?
Making multiple berkeley emails
Need Ladies Only for IM Softball
College subreddit meetup, 9/15
At the Pool for Specifically For Cal!  
Esports@Berkeley?
CS majors, I need your advice!
How do I found out about parties around campus??
TIL Anyone with a Berkeley account (CalNet ID) gets a Box account with 25GB free, secure, and encrypted content storage
Good places to sleep on campus?
Anyone want to get an improv troupe going?
Found this today on Bancroft and Telegraph (Berkeley, CA). Anybody know if Banksy has been working in the east bay lately?
Why does telebears have open hours?
Wrestling at CAL
Any place in Berkeley that I can have guitar lessons for beginners?
Anyone play FIFA 12?
Give up trying to get into a class? Near the end on waitlist
Guy boarding at Hoyt/Sherman?
How have California's financial struggles affected the quality of student and academic life at Berkeley? 
Cal Band playing "Call Me Maybe"
Anyone here play super smash bros. 64?
Financial Aid Help! T.T
A little curious. Anybody out there who never drinks or smokes?
Craving new music? Take a bite with SoundCrunch, an indie music review created by a Cal student!
Can I get some quick tips on how to go about buying a bike?
Need help learning how to skim read
Computer Science at Berkeley?
repost from r/funny but thought you guys would enjoy. go berkeley students!
Lost my Cal ID card two days ago...will I still be able to go to the game tomorrow if I don't have my ID? 
Does anyone want a student ticket for the game tomorrow? 
8 am classes suck (as shown by the guy next to me)
Where do you guys recommend getting a haircut at (preferably somewhere near campus?) I'm a guy by the way. No experiences of going to haircut places prior either. 
Ticket for student section to tomorrow's game 
Taking the F bus (AC transit) just a few of blocks?
Late registration fee?
S. Utah game Tickets on sale
Anybody willing to give/sell their ticket to this weekend's football game against Southern Utah?
Does anyone have any idea where stolen laptops might get sold?
Typical Cal Student. x-post from r/atheism
AirBears Supplicant -- Automatically login to AirBears when you connect to it, without even having to open your web browser (Windows)
AirBears Supplicant
Anyone interested in buying gotye tix? (Got moved to the Fox)
Financial Aid Confusion
Gigapixel Panoramic Picture of Last Week's Football Game
Anyone at Cal play SSBM?
Is there anyone in berkeley that repairs phones?
Only If You Love Cal.
Quality printers on which to print pictures on campus?
Free Screening for TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER SPY this Friday @ 7:30PM in 2040 VLSB
Hilarious collection of gifs about Cal
Language Proficiency Exam- Help Please 
URAP Interview Question
Cal Football tickets for Utah game Sept. 8
First Meeting of the Heuristic Squelch this year! Tonight (9/5) in 255 Dwinelle from 8-9pm! Check it out!
Clubs for Mechanical Engineers?
CalMeals Updated
Kip's karaoke
Just like Sproul Plaza
Paid Ecodriving Study! 
TIL the second chancellor of Cal's last name (Seaborg, who was also a Nobel laureate and is credited with the discovery of the transuranic elements), is an anagram for 'Go Bears'
Shameless self promotion: Concrete Canoe starts tomorrow!
[Shameless self-promo]|"Approaching a State-Shift in Earth's Biosphere"--A brief overview of a recent study that was lead by UC Berkeley researchers
[Shameless self-promo]|"Approaching a State-Shift in Earth's Biosphere"--A brief overview of a recent study that was lead by UC Berkeley researchers
Berkeley Gun Club?
I don't go to Cal but I'm 23 and new to the Berkeley area... Where do people hangout?
Any filmmakers at UCB?
Any place to dance to electronic music?
Yet another reason why Berkeley is badass. [X-post from TIL]
I know this isn't Craigslist but I really assumed my free leather couch would go quick to some Cal students
Where can i use a ream/paper cutter?
Tightwad Hill
I started this sub-reddit  about a month ago. Just trying to get it out there! (Bay Area Film Makers)
Drop Class Textbook lost in transit=Instant refund - Success Kid | Meme Generator
New Squelch out this week
Social life after graduating
My friend jerking off the Campanile
best consulting club at cal?
Suggestions for a language class next semester?
Any recent grads looking to meet up?
Have a season pass but know you can't attend big game? I'm in need of tix! :)
California Theatre near Shattuck showing Hayao Miyazaki films for 13 days!
Go bears lol
Student Section Tickets for S. Utah: I've got them, you want them!
Hey Bezerkelers, have 3 tickets to the South Utah game (section QQ) 
Any freshmen want to meet up?
Did anyone else near Unit 1 hear a fire alarm blaring for 10 minutes straight?
Is there/should there be a central calendar listing all major club meetings and events?
After losing to Nevada...
Looking for fellow transfer students!
Any printing places open tomorrow?
Berkeley as seen from Memorial Stadium.
Sather Tower, UC Berkeley.
Just found out about this, gonna check it out tonight.
Got a ticket for parking legally on gameday yesterday...
Memorial Stadium Opening Day 2012
Need a football season pass - willing to pay $20 per game and $35 for the Big Game. 
Mic men suck.
Paying $100 cash for AC Transit Fall 2012 Class Pass
I have someone's diploma
Rhetoric
I hope Cal Athletics were willing to hear the truth
Words of advice for CS70?
Advice for research interview?
Can anyone tell me my chances of transferring to UC Berkeley from sfsu?
Calling all Cal sportswriters!
Co-op parties this weekend?
I look forward to this every game
In the name of... science! RPP survey question.
Does anyone here live within the Gaia Building in Berkeley??? 
Does anyone have a good stream for the game?  Firstrowsports is letting me down.
Want to Buy your season ticket pass: $110 for the rest of the season OBO
Displaced CalBears wants to watch Nevada game - any help? 
Buying Student Season Tickets
Stream Football Games
Any students  of neuroscience willing to consult on an art project I'm doing?
Want to buy student ticket for tomorrow
Sitting in my room on a friday night...
[FREE] Student ticket for tomorrow's game
Hiring Security Monitors, Hiring Coordinators, Community Manager, Marketing Assistant...[on-campus jobs available]
Anybody selling a parking space/know of a garage around Shattuck?
So, apparently Missy Franklin is on campus today...
Found in VLSB courtyard.. anyone know what class it's from? Sounds like something I'd enjoy.
The grades that got you into UC Berkeley?
Garage Sale This Weekend
Any tips for football games?
Best place to buy caps in and around Berkeley?
Can someone tell me what the "Stern Hall Eating Song" is?
Introducting /r/berkeleyca !
How safe are the commuter lockers?
We had a box of sentimental things taken from our apartment...but nothing else was stolen. What could have happened?
Alex Morgan is ready for College Football and College Colors day (8/31). Are you?
Hall of Famer Isaiah Thomas taking graduate classes at Cal! Be on the lookout guys.
Be on the lookout guys!
campus moviefest- looking for crew (actors/editors/script writers)
I need some input from financial aid students that have gone through a medical leave.
Anyone care to explain this?
I see your table and I raise you our beer pong table.
Arts &amp; Craft Supply Swap - Sept 15th
UC Anonymous - A place to gawk at naked UC students
What do you guys think of my new table? 
What do you guys think of my new "table"?
and, the premise supports the conclusion.
This might come off as shallow and pompous, but where can I meet a beautiful woman?
How liberal is Berkeley? 
Picard DeCal
Scumbag Steve uses AC transit
Love Boardgames?  What about free pizza? Come to boardgame club's first meeting!
"looking for a crew (actors scriptwriters etc) to participate in campus moviefest.

"
Are ze germans coming? 
helicopter.
Awkward
blue and gold opportunity plan
LPT: Put clear tape on the bus pass on your Cal1Card to prevent it from ripping off and stave off water damage if you drop your Cal1Card into water.
FREE Improv Comedy Showcase this Sat 9/1, 8pm in 60 Evans!
New colorful swivel chairs in Evans Hall!
Best Bank/CU to use?
Transit Question...
Having fun with the first Chem 1A homework... ಠ_ಠ
Overnight parking without a permit?
"UC BERKELEY STYLE (벜대스타일) : PSY - Gangnam Style (강남스타일) global parody cover FULL
      - YouTube"
Missed out on buying Cal Football student season tix - options?
I want football tickets.
Is there a way to remember password for the Calnet Authentication on a Mac?
Spread the word and help us save bonfire!
I was hanging out on campus on Saturday and had a chance to take a panoramic of Memorial Glade.  I thought y'all might like it.
Bartending classes?
Waitlisted for PoliSci 5 ? 
Anyone up for a game night?
Nuff Said...
Flexible &amp; fun work-study job, $12.50/hr to basically hang out with little kids and read
Cal Boxing Club?
Whats up art students?
I'm going to climb up the hills today. Anybody want to join??
The most nubile textbook questions even possible
My company is sponsoring a party at Kip's Bar on Friday to celebrate the Reopening of Memorial Stadium. Please come and join us!
Student Job Opening: Network Engineering Assistant for ResComp
UC Berkeley Student Guide
Where to do laundry on Northside?
Where to study late
Sather Gate: Then &amp; Now
I crashed my RC airplane into a very tall tree.
Anyone know of an intellectual property professor on campus?
Anybody want student section tickets for the football games?
Where on campus can I use a ream cutter?
looking for a room in a single/double/triple.
"UC BERKELEY STYLE (벜대스타일) : PSY - Gangnam Style (강남스타일) global parody cover FULL
      - YouTube"
Timeline: Attempts to censor students and faculty who stand up for human rights on UC campuses | Mondoweiss
Graduate studies in music composition?
Not a student, but bored and would like to learn. Does anybody have any interesting lectures in the week that they would like to take me to?
Junior transfer student finding it hard to make friends. Advice?
Advice on fulfilling Foreign Language Requirement?
Changing Math 54 sections
Wires under blackboards in LeConte
duplicating dorm keys?
CS people join us at #berkeley on irc.freenode.net
Good 2 unit course
Can someone please fix the "New to /r/Berkeley?" text bubble? It's sticking over the top post on chrome/firefox/safari and it's been bugging me all day.
Memorial Stadium Opening Day, Tickets for only $19.23 to the home opener against Nevada 9/1
We're Berkeley students and we just launched our political startup. Check it out and let us know what you think!
A Co-op's Take on Rush Week
I'll probably be insulted for this, but, does anyone have pdfs or 'intro to solid mechanics' (me c85) and 'linear algebra and differential equations' (math 54)? Thanks.
What's an older ungraduate to do?!
"As a transfer, is it possible to get housing that will 
stick be with other juniors in a social, residence-hall 
style living?"
TV spot for Berkeley that will run during football games
Printing out a reader from PDF
Coach Jeff Tedford announced the Cal football team’s current first-string depth chart.
Where can get I the most bang out of my meal points?
Things We Wish We Knew Before Going to College...But Are Passing On To Our Readers
Three finals in a row! Should I change one of my classes?
What was the highlight of your first day of classes, /r/berkeley?
What are the best coops for (healthy) food?
Free coin counter? Is CoinStar my only option?
After my first day at Berkeley...
Berkeley High School's student newspaper has been decimated by budget cuts. Here's their appeal for support:
Berkeley High School's award-winning student newspaper has been decimated by budget cuts. Here's their appeal for help.
website for posting berkeley events
At the Pool, a new social networking site launches at UC Berkeley to step in where Facebook falls short: connecting people who haven't met yet.
Print out or download reader?
Let's talk about Team Fortress 2 again...
Football Tickets for non-Cal Student
Suspected DUI Driver Crashes Into UC Berkeley Dorm, Causes Gas Leak « CBS San Francisco
1960's Bullet Holes on Doe Library Windows (black spots)
Seeking some EE40 Maharbiz advice regarding textbook
"Cal greek life and hazing
"
Is there a list of environmental/energy clubs on campus somewhere online?
Car crashes into UC Berkeley dorm, students evacuated
Car crashes into UC Berkeley dorm, students evacuated
Two questions about clothes! 
Waitlisted on language class - help!
Anyone willing to sell their bus pass? 
eSports @ Berkeley Looking for More Student Gamers! Also, Barcraft this Sunday (Aug 26)!
Is transferring from Cal to another UC even possible?
Can someone explain to me this telebears phenomenon? 
Lap Swimming
Anyone in the Units train at Ralph Gracie?
How crowded are the 52 line buses going toward campus in the morning?
Any other incoming grad students?
ROCK THE BELLS TICKET FOR SALE
This has been posted elsewhere but for you bhs alumni, dj dave ("whole foods parking lot" and "berkeley enough") is back with a pretty cute "daddy skills" vid.
So what's the deal for gay people here, really?
Looking for this t-shirt. Does anyone know where they sell it? For how much and if it's only in t-shirt form?
Is the Daily Cal serious right now?
Difference between Econ 100B and Econ 101B?
Not sure if it's been posted before, but everyone in Berkeley should know about them, especially during intoxicated nights! 
Where can I eat at 4am?
Deaf/sign language community in Berkeley?
Blow my mind. I need some upper-div units outside of my major. What should I take?
Selling IB 131 Books
Difficulty of language classes at BCC?
Any Smashers in Martinez Commons?
Roommate needed: $325 for rent!
Selling Astro 10/c10 text book. Message me if interested. 
Unit 1 cal connect?
Need a place to stay? &lt;$450/month
How is grad student life at UCB?
greetings students of past and new! let me be your tour guide; i'll be out side of the main downtown berkeley bart station next to the info booth when i am available.  i know berkeley better than anyone, and i only work for tips. 
CS170 prereqs necessary?
Guitar shops?
Looking for Film R1A textbooks 
Is Dtella working for anyone?
iclicker for sale
Tips for textbook buying/selling?
No CSL at Caltopia?
Martinez Commons Peeps
Are URAP apps first-come-first-served?
'Let's Paint TV' live treadmill painting w/ John Kildiff last Sunday at Rasputins [xpost /bayarea]
Anyone in Wada/Unit 2 want to do some gaming?
Where can I get my backpack's zipper fixed/replaced?
Quick Physics 7b question
Anyone want to help a web startup at Cal that got featured in Forbes, LA Times, TechCrunch?
bike wheels stolen - where is the least expensive place to get it fixed?
Anyone taking any decals this semester?
Can courses taken to fulfill a major requirement (R&amp;C, AC, 15-unit lower-div breadth, O-chem 112 series, Bio 1A, etc) for College of Chemistry simultaneously be used to fulfill another major's requirements, say Microbial Biology (CNR) or Integrative Biology (L&amp;S)?
Looking for some musicians/music lover friends
transfers living at clark kerr?
The Berkeley Experience - Guide to Campus and "bucket list" for Freshman
I present to you: the fattest squirrel I've seen on campus
good cafe/studying-spots open late?
And the award for most consecutive consonants goes to...
What are the best, yet easiest classes you've taken at Cal?
Waitlisted for CS70... any tips/advice?
I am a high school senior looking to apply to Berkeley.  Can I get any advice/tips/warnings?
Bike Safety :D
Upper Div CS Waitlist, specifically 188
Anyone need IDfest tickets?
John Stewart rips Republicans for calling Berkeley "communist"!
Anyone have recommendations for an interesting class (possibly a breadth) that might still be open?
Jon Stewart on the Political Democalypse, and Berkeley. (x-post from r/videos)
Well it's worth a shot....I need a job. Help??
My last hope...I need a place to live and it's down to the wire now.
Looking for someone to replace me for a Double room in Martinez Commons
Cal students don't get up to much.
Cal athletes end London Olympics with record 17 medals 
"Anyone know when grades for summer session D are 
posted?"
How competitive is getting into the UCDC program?
Non-student looking for gym access 
DeCal questions
Why Don’t American Students Strike? 
Can someone answer question regarding what money is due tomorrow for next semester?
This Saturday is the 10th Bay Area Team Liquid LAN hosted by eSports @ Berkeley!! Come out and play Starcraft 2, meet some of the best players in the Bay Area (including EGSuppy) and have your chance at winning $250!
For medical reasons I couldn't attend Summer Sessions. Now I owe 4,200!
What was your experience like at company info sessions? 
When does Financial Aid usually get disbursed?
Best place to get supplies? 
Thinking of Transferring in for Materials Engineering after Military. Any thoughts/tips for me?
Took this shortly after graduation. With the new semester starting, thought it would be fitting.
Advice for surviving Chem 1A?
If you're medically withdrew from Cal and think you'll get financial aid upon return, you're gonna have a bad time.
This is Bear Territory [Video]
Textbooks for sale
Fat Apple's Cole Slaw
Looking for housing before the Fall semester
CalNet Re-validation of Account?
Advice for surviving CS 61A
Taking classes at Cal after graduation
Bears against Romney and his pathetic VP. Take a virtual swing at him.
Best Chinese food in the Bay Area
I need a place to live :|
Thinking about starting a student startup community - help?
Hair cuts?
Reddit meetup? Who's down? 
Help finding a place to stay for fall
Ned's is closed on the last day to return a textbook rental?
Cal takes 8 gold, 1 silver &amp; 4 bronze in London
Need a place to stay for the Fall. 
Double Apartment, Bear House on College Avenue, lease or sublet (Fall 2012)
Cool stuff to do in San Fran?
Ending lease with roommate. Need legal advice.
Meteor shower parties?
Quiet spots on campus
Outside Lands?
To anybody already in Berkeley: How "complete" is construction on the Martinez Commons?
Coops?? 
East Bay Bike Party Tonight
Anyone in Martinez want to switch to Channing Bowditch?
Sounds like a Golden Bear to me!
last minute one-bedroom apartment available
Healthy snacks?
Dorm Move-In is in 1 week! Read up here about getting your internet set up right away, and ask me any questions about ResComp/Dorm Life/Berkeley!
I'm coming to Berkeley on Monday and need a place to stay for ten days..... HELP
Berkeley Scientific Journal
New CMS at sunset. GO BEARS!
We may not have a "berkeleyrejects" that links to Furd, but we do have...
Any Berkeley students still need housing?
Transit tips for newcomers?
Capped major in L&amp;S, if I don't meet prereq, what can one do? Anyone relate?
Cafe 3 to be open seven days a week starting this fall 
Martinez Commons 8/18 move-in
TIL www.stanfordrejects.com redirects to the UC Berkeley site. Not cool bro.
Anyone need housing for the fall semester?
Full size mattress and mattress pad, $120 obo!
Bike shacks in front of units?
An answer to overcrowded UC Berkeley dorms? Maximino Martinez Commons to open in mid-August
Polish that parking meter!!!!
Moving company recommendations and/or who has a large truck?!
CA Fight ringtone, get ready for some football!
Clamp-on bed lamp?
a day in the Life of a (Cal Bear)! Any Cal students interested in contributing photos, stories for a blog, "best of" or anything Cal-related send an email to basesandbaskets@gmail.com!
Microwave/Refrigerator 
Avoiding burnout in the fall semester after summer classes?
Been looking for housing these past few months...can't seem to find anything. The semester is fast approaching and I'm freaking out...
Has anyone ever done the Python bootcamp?  Was it useful?
50 cent gelato Tuesday night in Downtown Berkeley to celebrate National Night Out
A project for EPS 80.  Please watch and think about our hydrosphere!
How to search for classes with open seats?
Efficiency Level: AC Transit
When I see 3 51B's in a row
my name is (john)erik cayman and i'm running for mayor of berkeley... ASK ME ANYTHING
AT&amp;T internet outage.
Alright, Berkeley, let's talk adderall
Do I have a shot at becoming a GSI?
classes during thanksgiving week
Occupy Cal pics (Nov 2011) and more at UC Berkeley!! Check 'em out!
Fire At Chevron Refinery in nearby Richmond, shelter-in-place warning issued. Close your windows!
Refinery fire. Avoid Richmond. Stay inside if you are in the area.
French foreign exchange student needs short-term housing
How to unsuck my resume?
Yeehaw! Alex Morgan with the winner! Take that World. 
Renting Microwave/Refrigerator
Best Firetrail trail for evening hike?
Repping Cal at the Mars Curiosity Rover Mission Control Room
Help deciding a good dentist under SHIP?
I moved away to college and really wish I hadn't left...at home. 
Berkeley Dodgeball Tournament Help
Dorm beds
Is anybody taking Physics 7A this summer?
Most necessary sites for incoming Cal students!
Places to crash?
Curiosity Mars Rover Viewing Event?
Well, as a nation, UC Berkeley is currently tied for 5th in Gold Medals, with 8.
hey r/berkeley, where is your favorite place in the city/on campus?
Biking through a park today I saw something that claimed the top spot on my "weird shit you've seen in Berkeley" list.
Free moving boxes.  Not spam if you need them~! 
Looking for research; how should I email professors?
Channing-Bowditch Roommates?
Any suggestions for getting a biology research position?
It's Friday night. I'm new to Berkeley and know nobody. Who wants to do something??
Roommate information is out!
MyFinAid being weird?
Bane, on why your Telebears is fucked up
Does anybody here still need on-campus housing? I'm  trying to find somebody to take my spot for my housing contract.
The Real Fears of Incoming Freshmen
Any Berkeley hackers going to the Box hackathon and want to carpool?
Let's all be obsessed with (Cal 2012 Grad &amp; Olympic Gold Medalist) Nathan Adrian Now!
What's your favorite part of UC Berkeley?
Question about student book store
Anyone selling a fridge? 
Physical Science breadth......sorry for asking twice
5 MONTH OLD KITTEN NEEDS HOME!!!!
If I drop a class, will I be able to re-add it immediately?
Intro history course
Asuc note taker job-worth it?
RSF Personal Trainers
CS184 Workload?
Anybody living in Channing-Bowditch Apartments?
UC Berkeley and LBNL have discovered a significantly cheaper method to create photovoltaics, which could further drop the price of solar panels in the future
How's this schedule looking - Incoming Freshman 
What are some of the worst classes you took at Cal?
As an incoming freshman, I ended up with 12 units after Phase II, less than the minimum required. What do I do?
New Maximino Martinez Commons residents
Bear House apartment for fall!!!!!
UC Berkeley Student Protest
Good location for stargazing?
pool or ping pong tables on campus
John Pike, the cop that pepper sprayed UC Davis students, is no longer a cop
I know it's a long shot...
&lt;13 units excluding waitlists
"UC Berkeley" textbook edition? 
Berkeley average salaries, test scores, jobs, degrees, etc.
Cal 2012 grad Nathan Adrian wins GOLD in the 100m freestyle!
Gov. Jerry Brown has signed a bill intended to help lower the cost of textbooks for college students.
So, do i really have to buy 57 books for this class?
Best place to buy used furniture and best place to buy a bike
Nice work Berkeley troll.
Getting into a class that requires instructor approval
Cleanest Coop?
What to do when you receive NP grade?
Getting really desperate...female transfer student in dire need of a single room in an apartment! Any help would be much appreciated!
"College reddit Meetup Day" is September 15. Anybody up for it?
Can anyone recommend an AC class that was both interesting and not to much work?
Request for Vacancy from on-campus housing
What are my chances of getting into Cal?
Beginning of semester event to discover student organizations?
Why can't I accept my Parent PLUS loan?
A (semi) official word on Cafe 3's hours this upcoming school year
telebears advice? Dx
What's the best way to go about switching sections once the semester starts?
Big Game Bonfire Cancelled 
Roommate for a Double, Bear House apartment!
The price of Greek life
UC Berkeley professor (and former climate change skeptic) now says 'humans are almost entirely the cause' of climate change
Question about tuition and SLR
TIL that students can get from Berkeley to Stanford (and back) free on AC Transit buses. 
I took this photo at my first Cal party freshman year
Cal Swimming Alum Natalie Coughlin ties record for most Olympic medals by a US female with 12
/r/berkeley, any interest in a DeCal about male fashion?
Berkeley City College to UC Berkeley Transfers
Cal student sets world record!
Prospective student here: Is there an on-campus gym or one nearby that would meet /r/fitness standards?
Can I send the RSF rec sport club fee to my student billing?
When am I supposed to start signing up for the GRE?
Who wants to play some frisbee on the glade on this sunny afternoon?
Sororities at Cal?
Tomorrow, UC Berkeley's Starcraft 2 team takes on UCLA in a best of 9 showmatch!! The team will be playing LIVE from 174/175 Barrows, so come by to cheer them on and meet the players such as Evil Genius's newest player Suppy! Pizza will be available as well!
Football tickets question?
Cal Bears football practice on campus, circa 1899. Who's excited for football season?!
Moving this weekend, any idea where I can stock up on moving boxes?
Is the Phi Beta Kappa Society Worth Joining?
The Bear Rider of Berkeley
I went to school with Cal committed Wide Receiver Kenny Lawler. Pick my brain and find out a couple of things (within reason) about your new Wide Receiver.
Unit 3 Breakfast? 
Schedulebuilding: New Sections?
Advice on becoming a CS Major?
A few questions about dorming
Who wants a home theater sound system?
Who's ready for some football?
Someone tell me how awesome SHIP has been for them
Chem 112A: Have you ever needed the whole 5 hours?
Math 54 vs. Honors Math 54?
Erik Clyman - running for mayor, please just hit like... 
A site every Cal students should know about
RallyComm needs help saving the Bonfire Rally. You can make it happen.
Anyone want to join a startup?
Cal students' band gets Best of the Bay (again!) (scroll down to Best Band)
Not from Cal, but I thought this was pretty cool of your school
Update: Urgent Kitty Situation
Any motorcyclists in Berkeley?
is this sub only for UCBerkeley? whatever.. i'm 28 and i'm seriously running for mayor of berkeley. AMA
Little Love for UCB Students Starting Companies???
Favorite place to walk through on campus?
Best Martial Arts classes for students? RSF?
Worth it to double major in LSCS and CogSci?
Retake Math 1B for law school?
Dating at Berkeley
Reflections of VLSB
Paying for college...any help would be much appreciated.
'SHE SAID YES!': UC Berkeley alumni proposes with fake newspaper flyer
Physical Science Breadth?
What class are you looking forward to most for fall semester? 
Quick question about textbooks (math 54, anthro 2AC)
Stargazing in Berkeley 
/r/berkeley, how comfortable would you feel about having a gay roommate?
New article on Porn Director and Math Professor Frenkel
Hey Berkeley kids, my band's having a show next Saturday night at The Space Lounge (Saturn Cafe) and I'd love to see you there!
VIDEO - San Fransisco workout - Parkour at Embarcadero plaza. Come out on a weekend to see all sorts of athletic action
How do I turn on the lights at Maxwell soccer Field?
Berkeley Starcraft player Conan "Suppy" Liu joins EG (one of the world's largest eSports teams)
What was the best breadth course you ever took at Cal?
Trying to move to Berkeley 
If you go running/hiking in the berkeley hills, fyi a mama mountain lion and her cubs have been sighted around the greek theater.
Question for those having taken Engineering 7
Cross-listed classes?
Berkeley joining edX, joining Harvard and MIT
Finally found a summer internship that I'm qualified for
Looking for fun and affordable student housing? 
best lower-div classes for liberal poli-econ minded folk?
Screwed over and in dire need of housing
A common poster at the gym with some slight editing
Would it be a smart idea to take CS 61A and 61B at the same time?
Any climbers out there?
I am taking Math 113 as my first proof-based class this fall as a transfer, anything I should know?
Chamber Hip-Hop Opera: FREE show on Saturday
Is this freshman fall semester schedule doable? 
What's with the "She Said YES!" fliers all over campus yesterday?
PSA: Scam alert! Apartment for rent at 2547 Benvenue
PSA: Scam alert! Apartment for rent at 2547 Benvenue.
Can someone give me a clear explanation of how it is determined if you get into the Econ program?
Never been to Bear's Lair before but I'm thinking of going Wednesday. All you can eat bbq for $10 from Smokey J's.
Is there a 3D printer available for student use on campus?
Lower division classes as an upperclassman.
Looking for suggestions on interesting R&amp;C "B"/Upper-Div history courses (incoming frosh)
Congratulations, you've been TELE-fucked
Party of three looking to +1 our housing situation. PM me if you are interested in not being homeless.
Applied Maths and EECS?
Hearst Mining Building at night
Anyone else biking to Berkeley for the fall semester?
Anyone have housing for the Fall semester?
Lost Android Phone in Main Stacks
Biology majors looking to med school
I'm going to be a Chem E. freshman this year. Is 14 units of class ok?
Lost Dog 7/19, Bancroft &amp; Ellsworth
Do you need to be a public health major to take PH 142 (biostats)?
Tips for saving money w/PG&amp;E?
How do classes that require auditions work?
Take Math 1B or skip straight to Math53
Annual bonfire rally will not be held before Big Game - The Daily Californian
Annual Big Game bonfire will not be held this year 
I've hated my experience at Berkeley.
Moving In Queries
other places like telegraph commons?
When you get to the differential equations part of math 54
Im a Berkeley Student and my band just released our first single!  Hope you like it ;)
Im a Berkeley Student and my band just release our first single.  Hope you like it ;)
Waitlisted for a class with 70 open seats... Any help?
Where can I get the fastest wireless on campus through AirBears?
My birthday party is this weekend. Y'all are invited. Crazy outfits encouraged. 
CAL DoTA 2 Team?
bike citation
Barcraft @ Berkeley Sunday July 22nd for MLG Summer Arena!!
No Telebears open hours during Phase II?
Where are the prettiest trees?
Apparently you can buy UC Berkeley lingerie [obviously semi-nsfw]
What does the class restriction "by category" mean?
anyone else going to that one-night-only lcd soundsystem movie at the shattuck tonight?
Drum sets around Berkeley
Would anyone listen to a Berkeley talk show podcast if I made one?
Paid psychological studies on/near campus?
Has anyone taken Math 104?  Is it really as hard as people say?
Advice for Wada Apartments?
Found someone to switch dorms with (I got Bowles, he got Unit 1). Now how do we actually switch?
Missing wallet! Relying on the good of humanity and this small community as a last resort
Some philosophical questions for you young-ins...
Hearst Mining Circle, 1914
Can you guys provide some feedback on my potential schedule please?
Secret Cal Bondage Club?
Parkour at UCBerkeley: summer training all over campus
MCB math 1A/1B question?
Is Everest Properties really that bad?
I am coming to UC Berkeley for 4 months in the fall for an internship. Where are good cheap apartments and where do I look?
Any relatively easy Upper-Div courses out there for Fall?
TwoX Meetup in Berkeley
telebears
SF to Berkeley free shuttles?
Experience with SAP appeals, anyone?
Higgs Boson explained! Here at Berkeley.
Merits of DeCal Courses
Have any of you dropped a summer class while being on financial aid?
old photo of Hearst Mining Circle
Thinking about becoming an RA or joining a Frat, not sure which to do - thoughts?
Cal alums starting a Bay Area charitable business and need support!
Going to Nightlife at Academy of Science
Advice for Physical Chemistry 120B
Any recommendations for a class this semester? Looking to pick something interesting.
Anyone in Units want to switch to Bowles?
EECS people: who do I talk to about petitioning to not take a major prereq?
Pi Kappa Phi is bringing Kap Slap to Cal! Get excited!
Just stumbled upon this awesome car rental service called Getaround..
Where to find inexpensive, used, non-stolen bicycles in the Bay Area, specifically within Berkeley?
Anyone have a parking spot near Hearst and Euclid they would like to rent out?
Looking for a room for the next two weeks
Barcraft @ Berkeley starts in 2 hours at Pappy's!! If you want to check out competitive Starcraft 2 come by to the downstairs area and join the fun!
any bookstore cafes in berkeley?
Best tattoo shop in Berkeley?
Any coffee shops open late on Saturdays?
Cyclist struck and killed on Bancroft &amp; Fulton. Be careful out there, cycling friends.
Likelihood of getting into a class off of the waitlist?
Anyone suggest a good laundromat near under hill parking?
Does anyone have CS70 past homework solutions?
Barcraft @ Berkeley this Sunday for the NASL Season 3 Grand Finals!
Found a Berkeley Student ID outside Urban Outfitters, can you help me find the owner?
Anybody have more details about the Ned's bookstore fire beyond what was in the DailyCal article?
Network World magazine names UC Berkeley top school for tech CEOs
Kitty Needs a Home
dunno if anyone gives a shit but fyi, the off-the-grid food trucks will be on haste just off of telegraph (across the street from amoeba) today (and on thursdays from now on) from 5-9pm.
UC Physicists to Explain Higgs Boson
U-Verse or Comcast for internet?
Internet providers?
Is DC++ Dead?
Majoring in Political Science and minoring in Astrophysics - how doable is this?
Second year, not sure who my roommate is yet
Got a C+ in UGBA 10. How likely am I to get into Haas?
Old School Berkeley Cool 1968 [Pic]
Advice on research and internships as a freshman?
I am ashamed of you Berkeley. Step up.
Question regarding prereq's and psychology classes
What ISP to go with?
Best Classes?
Norwegian needs help.
Anyone else think there should be an FAQ? What should be in it?
Berkeley Transcript
Textbooks??
Unit 2 Information
Maybe a dumb question: is there something like ratemyprofessor that is associated with a site like courserank?
Cal athletes have been winning medals at Olympics since 1920
I'm moving to Berkeley July 28.  Should I find an apartment before then?
Did any one else hear this guy?
Female Cal Student Looking to Sublet for Fall Semester!!
Question for Berkeley humanities majors
Has anyone lived in Foothill?
Female Cal student looking to sublet Aug-Dec!
Really newb-ish question about moving after graduation
cheapest place 4 cal gear?
YouGoToCal tumblr, Berkeley's own whatshouldwecallme type blog
Pre-Engineering Program?
Full class with manual wait-list
Tomorrow UC Berkeley's Starcraft 2 team will have a best of 9 showmatch against the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology! Viewing party of the stream in 234 Dwinelle starting at 2:30 pm, w/ pizza for $2!!
Question about Psych 2
Walking around South Side today when...
AP score too high? 
SAS at Berkeley
Looking for an apartment in Berkeley starting in September.. anyone know of a place or looking for one too?
Club events during the summer?
When does Telebears Phase 2 happen?
UC Berkeley grads develop printable battery 
Class doesn't seem to show up.
Quick Question About Lab/Dis Sections
No armored vehicle for Berkeley police
Hey Berkeley - I'm conducting a short survey about Learning Management Systems (BlackBoard/ANGEL/Sakai/etc) usage, and would love it if you could take ~2 mins to answer these quick questions!
Campanile cameo in "The Sessions" trailer!
Meme Contest to win tickets to Ohio State Football game
where can I find pick-up soccer in BKL
Any service frats?
Need a place to stay?
Oral surgeons that accept SHIP? Need to get wisdom teeth removed
Questions about UCB's College of Letters &amp; Science and College of Chemistry.
Moving to Berkeley! anything I should know? places?
Does anybody know what time Etcheverry Hall locks its doors?
Looking for a place near UC Berkeley from August 29th to December 14th.
Question about summer session refunds
How are Telebears dates assigned?
Pros and Cons of Clark Kerr?
Walking through Berkeley as a Broke Student
buying an engagement ring
What would you put on a Berkeley Bucket List?
Best fraternity and sorority on campus?
Cal Bears! There is a Green Design Contest going on right now $2,000!
Any grocery stores open on the 4th?
Can anyone recommend a great acupuncturist in SF/Berkeley area?
In my hometown, everyone rides their bikes on the sidewalk. What are some things I should know regarding the laws about riding in the street in Berkeley?
Housing options off campus
Places I can see the fireworks from a distance?
We're a group of Norwegians (mostly girls) currently in class... Anything happening in Berkeley after 8:30 tonight? 
Can Somebody Hook Me Up?
Anyone have any experience working for UCB?
Journalist wins $162k settlement for unlawful arrest by UC Berkeley police. They charged him with arson and filed false information for a warrant to search his camera.
Free on Sunday? Come have some fun. You don't have to be good at it, just come meet some people :)
Marina or Pier 39? Safe?
Need advice- I don't have an apartment for this coming fall. Where should I start looking? I've never gone through this process before so I'm new to this.
Placed in Bowles...Chances of Switching out?
Should I take self-study CS 61AS? 
C.R.E.A.M. Has a Secret Menu and Ice Cream Tacos » The Daily Clog 
UC Berkeley to use federal funds to purchase $200,000 "armed personnel carrier"
Does anyone ever get issues using Usenet on AirBears or with other local providers like they do with torrenting?
Anyone need a place to stay? July 8th till school starts or for the school year 
Ever get caught torrenting on airbairs?
Manual carwash in Berkeley?
First day in Berkeley, guy tries to mug me and random student bazookas piss from her bum all over Shattuck
24 Hour/Late Night Place to Study During the Summer?
Easy/Interesting Upper Division Humanities Course
4th of July?
Female transfer student looking for a room close to campus! :)
For those who ended up in a long distance relationship after graduation.
Where to watch EURO 2012 final Spain VS Italy July 1st near campus
When is the best time to go to Ici?
Need a place to stay in Berkeley for 7 days between my arrival date and lease start date, is couchsurfing.com good?
UCPD wants a military grade armored vehicle
Grocery stores that don't cost an arm and a leg?
Beach Volleyball
where to get quarters?
Anyone in EECS/CS have a Windows 7 key I can use?
Places to go/things to see in San Francisco?
Summer Session D sublet/room for a girl?
Things to do on the Fourth of July in Berkeley?
finding work study at the library?
Which co-ops are closest to Unit 2?
Quiet Place to Study in the Morning (8AM)
The campus is beautiful, but not very welcoming.
Craigslist for locals, CalRentals for out-of-state
San Francisco from the Berkeley Fire Trails
Muay thai club in Berkeley or nearby?
What are some very easy classes I can take to appease my major Requirements?
Looking for a roommate for the upcoming school year
I need to fulfill the R&amp;C requirement. Do the R1A and R1B have to match?
mcb --&gt; econ
Convent Co-op Room Available
Gobble gobble. Turkey on campus by the engineering library.
"Bad Books and How to Spot Them"
XBox update
Fellow Bear Redditors: My dogs are in a  cutest dog competition. Please vote Samson &amp; Delilah as cutest Dogs in Roseville.
Bored?
Off the Grid food trucks coming to Telegraph Avenue starting July 12 | The Daily Californian - Berkeley's Newspaper
Hey I just met you...
Incoming resource economics grad - anyone know how ECON204 will be?
Philosophy 25A advice?
250GB XBOX 360 Slim with 12 games and Guitar Hero stuff (drums, 2 guitars, mic)
My bands going on tour and we're looking for some Berkeley bands!
[Discussion] CompSci Department vs EECS Department. Which one is for me?
I hate to be doing this, but since CL and padmapper are no longer friends, does anyone know of a studio apt I can rent?
Going to Avicii's Concert in San Francisco!
Library Gardens - OK place to live?
IM sports - "participant not eligible"
Saw a girl wearing a Berkeley sweatshirt in my home town. I said, "Go Bears!" and she said "Thank you!" Reddit, what's the most awkward "Go Bears!" response you've ever experienced? 
Research Question
Instruction for beginners on DJing and making electronic music?
Reminder: Meetup today at 3pm
A photo of the campanile from the fire trails
The Richmond-San Rafael Bridge from the Berkeley Fire Trails
Getting to the Big C and fireworks?
Padmapper loses Craigslist listings
Science graduation requirements
berkeley student food collective?
Anybody have experience/opinions etc about Campanile Court apartments?
bspace email?
Tenant or owner's responsibility?
No heavy metal? Hail Marys? Horny moose?
What to do/where to eat in and around Berkeley?
Hi Bears, I'm an incoming senior in high school and thinking of applying for the fall of 2013 and I have some questions.
Looking for a parking spot on south side of campus
Just moved
Anyone wanna buy 2 warped tour tickets for tomorrow?
Courses opinions and recomendations
Your favorite place for a haircut?
Typically, I wouldn't do this, but...I'm in urgent desperate need of a subletter roommate right now. Apartment is across the street from campus, southside.
Berkeley Professor's Laptop gets Stolen
Spring 2013 Subletter Needed--Northside, Spacious Furnished Room, 1/2 Block From Campus 
Good places to study late at night?
anybody seeing Above &amp; Beyond at the Warfield tonight?
I'm a international student attending the summer classes and this was my first impression:
looking for a studio-apartment
M.Eng in IEOR
How I feel about summer.
Can anyone recommend a good neurosurgeon or physical therapist?
Good places to kill a few hours?
My fiancée lost her wallet...
Can anyone recommend an Auto Service or mechanic to do a pre-purchase vehicle inspection on a used rebuilt salvage title?
TIL that Huey P. Newton, co-founder of the Black Panthers Party, used to support himself by burglarizing houses in the Berkeley Hills.
International student looking to meet awesome new people!
Cal awarded a degree of Magic in 1970 to one person. (x-posted from TIL)
Review terms of a lease in Berkeley?
Mini-Doc I helped put together for the 16th Annual Hip Hop In The Park at People's Park in Berkeley
Mini-Doc I helped put together for the 16th Annual Hip Hop In The Park in Berkeley, CA
Seniors defend the Big C before the Big Game, 1948.
Meet-up Proposal, this Saturday 6/23
Best deals for internet? (or internet + tv)
New Report: California's Universities Do Not Promote the Free Exchange of Ideas [x-post from r/California]
Is there a Berkeley meetup planned for Global Reddit Meetup Day (Saturday, June 23rd)?
Chem 1A - Fall or Spring?
New Report: California's Universities Do Not Promote the Free Exchange of Ideas
A no sit/lie ordinance in Berkeley to forbid the homeless from sitting on the street
taking ugba 10 after an upperdiv ugba
As a newcomer to the area, what places, parks, streets, bars, etc. should I avoid?
One day, on a food study break
Anyone have a vacuum I can borrow? 
Does anyone else find the career center completely useless?
ADHD treatment at Cal or near campus?
"UC Berkeley's libraries next chapter may be cuts-UC Berkeley has reduced its library spending by 12 percent since 2008 and has lost 70 of its 400 library professionals.
"
How bad is the stigma surrounding CCC transfers to Cal(Haas)?
Warped Tour on Saturday?
Rankings show UC and CSU tuition fastest growing in the nation
Check out this baller background.
Question about summer classes
Any writers or idea people out there?!
Researchers on campus looking for students studying statistics &amp; CS
Question from a Possible Applicant
Anybody taken Chinese 1X/10X/100AX/BX?
How do I get over my fear of crime and learn to be comfortable in town? (mostly south side)
Can we help r/Stanford look cooler?
Bring printed copies of e-textbooks to class?
Figuring out Berkeley's plastic footprint is a good first step in dealing with the problem.
Thursday Night in Oakland: Hunger Strikes and High School Riots
Do you need textbooks on the first day of summer class?
Recent grad, looking for lab positions at Berkeley in MCB/neuroscience
Does UC berkeley host iperf servers?
Fourth year MCB student considering switching career paths to CS... Advice?
Tips for getting into Cal as a transfer?
getting protection?
Anyone getting rid of or selling a full size mattress?
Figuring out my "Science Elective"
Request: Moving dolly
young couple seeking apartments for rent
So I live at Channing-Bowditch. This is how it feels walking through the main entrance...
Civil Sidewalks Measure Passes for Ballot
Starting premed as a third year, minimal science background?
Cool things to do in Berkeley??
Wiffleball at Berkeley
Avoid bart today!!
Math 54 Professor?
Looking to sublet for the 2012/13 year
Cal Day Currently Set to be on 4/20
Laptop Summer Specials at Calstudentstore
Interested Public Policy Grad Student
Whiskey Decal!
Hospitality &amp; UC Berkeley-based Waterstrider play Rickshaw Stop | The Daily Californian
I'm a researcher (UK, living in FIN) who was the chance to move to Berkeley for around 6 months or more, and I have a few questions!
Berkeley Council Considers Putting Sidewalk Sitting Ban On Ballot
looking for apartment for summer session D
Is there a Math and Art course offered on campus? 
UC Berkeley junior to participate in Olympic torch relay in England | The Daily Californian
Subletting my spot at an apartment for the summer. Great dealio
Every activist I meet here: 
Can studying abroad be a disadvantage?
What does it mean when the instructor name is blank on Schedule Builder/Ninja Courses?
Anyone looking for a place to stay over the summer?
Have questions about life at Cal? Come ask the staff of Caliber Magazine! :)
Time conflicts in schedule for the fall (sophomore)
Looking to learn about Suitcase Clinic, American Red Cross, &amp; Berkeley Free Clinic?
Let's be honest here. What's the craziest thing you've seen at/in Berkeley?
Foreign language classes at Cal?
Housing '12-'13 Academic year 
Language classes at Cal?
I'm an incoming Out-of-State Freshman and had a few questions - thought you guys could help!
Any experiences with Cal Judo?
We need a roommate this fall!
Relaxed bars with good beer?
Any German bars/ Soccer Bars around berkeley?
Large groups on campus?
ROTC at Cal?
Anyone want to play some baseball or over-the-line or wiffleball?
Quiet Cafe in Berkeley?
Low chance of another redditor doing it, but anyone going to the Summer Field Camp?
How difficult is it to transfer from UC to UC?
If you're in Berkeley and not Vegas this weekend, here's everyone you would've met at EDC
Dear r/Berkeley, this subreddit is not Craigslist.
In my CalSo packet...
Looking for fall housing
Any developers/entrepreneurs want to share a workspace in Berkeley?
Is South Berkeley a good place to live in?
Looking for a place to live starting August(or July).
Redditors of Berkeley! I need your help to plan a reunion!
Any advice for finding roommates?
Temp housing for newly arriving postdoc, around August 20th. Suggestions?
So excited to live in the bay area next year and attend Cal.
Anyone looking for a roommate?
Summer work/volunteer opportunities for a high schooler in Berkeley?
Probability: where to begin?
Swarm of bees building a hive between Moffitt and Memorial Glade. Sorry for cameraphone quality.
Barcraft @ Berkeley Sunday June 10th - Major League Gaming's Spring Championships
THIS WAS AN UPDATE OF MY ORIGINAL VIDEO VERSION,WHICH I RECEIVED ON MY 50TH BIRTHDAY,DOS,ENT GET ANY BETTER,HAVE SINCE ORDERED A COPY FOR MY GRANDSON 
Probability: where to begin?
Hi UC: Berkeley, we're First Inkling, a College Student Literary Magazine, and we want to give you a chance to be published!
Happening on campus: EPS Department is building a virtual time machine with Microsoft Research. Join us!
Do I need textbooks if I have the ebooks?
Environmental Econ vs Regular Econ
Are there punching bags at the RSF?
Food waste program at UC Berkeley.
Is anyone going to "Great Integration: A New Kind of Hip-Hopera" in Oakland this Friday night?
Incoming freshman needs a little summer advice...
Moving to the area in August. Anyone looking for a guitar teacher?
August Leases? 
UK Redditor looking to study at Berkeley, Haas... looking for some advice
Berkeley Patients Group Express, Delivery to your Door!
What are you doing this summer?
Anyone taking Math 115 or 116 this summer?
Hey r/berkeley, what are your favorite sub-reddits?
Tony Hawk visits UC Berkeley Lawrence Hall of Science for world premiere of new physics exhibit | The Daily Californian
Help an Incoming Freshman with Courses?
New student to Berkeley, how can I get my student ID number?
Grad school for engineering
Need: Mattress 
And People Wonder Why Berkeley Tends to Be Liberal...
Is there a place near campus where we can donate old clothes?
Should I take CS70 concurrently with Math 1B?
Worried about hefty textbook costs? The state senate advanced bills that would create a free online textbook library | The Daily Californian
Anyone looking to sublet for a month?
UC Berkeley Schedule Enhancer (UCBSE) v1.8.1 released -- Lots of bug fixes!
Anyone moving out of a studio?
Symmetry Theatre has a Kickstarter project for their new play @ Berkeley City Club, Emilie: La Marquise Du Châtelet Defends Her Life Tonight
When do I start studying for graduate school stuff?
Driving around Berkeley during the last week of May...
Request: Number of students over the years
Webcast for CS61A Fall Semester?
How does Berkeley handle rescissions? 
Assigned to Foothill, should I be concerned?
Campbell hall demolition time lapse.
How much do readers get payed in EECS?
Graduated and moving to SF? A guide to the neighborhoods
Can someone refer me to Dr Cavalli?
Which Computer Science books do you all recommend?
Anybody wanna let me borrow pillow/blankets at Unit 1 Residence Hall over the weekend?
Livermorium!! (...still no stanfurdium)
Found this limerick from way back when I applied to NYU. Thought r/Berkeley would appreciate it. 
Breadth recommendations for International Studies, History, Philosophy &amp; Values?
What did you bring along?
Looking for housing for the academic year
$400 summer sublet
Caught this guy doing his laundry at Google... Had to get my shots in...
Don't get me wrong.
My orientation is this Friday. Anyone have any tips? What to do before/at berkeley?
Hook Up: The stigma surrounding virginity | The Daily Californian
Telebears is being annoying again. 
The local personalities around Cal
Didn't think schools actually did this, until now
Tips and info on getting a URAP position (physics)?
Is there some "Beginner's Guide" to Berkeley?
Thinking of doing an exchange for a semester at Berkeley. Looking for advice.
Summer Housing: Co-op, Sublease, or Frat house?
Meal Plan Advice:  What option is the best for incoming freshmen?
Does anyone need a place to stay this summer?
How do I move out of Bowles?
Selling three tickets to Foster The People concert at Greek Theater
$500/month FULLY FURNISHED, ALL UTILITIES+INTERNET INCLUDED
Graduate student seeking fall housing!
Piano Stores
There is a distinct lack of Diablo related posts. So here's one.
Anyone interested in this giant "GO BEARS!" banner? pm me
Berkeley Patients Group Express Delivery is NOW OPEN!!!
How to change forwarding address after dorm move-out?
Friend in need
Stuff to do for free or near free in Berkeley?
Essentially penniless and homeless, what should I do?
Is the berkeley sports center accessible at any time?
Anyone got a twin bed mattress or bedframe? 
UC Berkeley researchers create tribute for Golden Gate Bridge’s 75th anniversary | The Daily Californian
How the hell do I get rid of a mattress here? 
Looking for subletter for June/July (great deal--cheap, own bedroom)
Anybody Looking For a 21-Year-Old Male Roommate?
Moving back home... need to sell/get rid of furniture!
Prerequisites for Upper-division Psychology Courses?
Foothill?
Anyone need a place for summer session? 7/2-8/11. super cheap
first year EECS major fucked and needing advice...
Easiest Classes at Cal?
Does living at Stern really suck?
Viewing Golden Gate fireworks from the East Bay?
Best place to watch the fireworks tonight in Berkeley?
Getting rid of furniture....
Looking for Two People to Room With
Easy way of getting laid
General perception of Computer Science major at Berkeley? 
Why can't I hold all these plaques!?
What google thinks about Everest Properties
Odds of getting a single in a co-op?
Things to do in Berkeley (legally and illegally)?
Just got assigned to Bowles--should I try to switch?
Someone is hitting the books hard at the library over the summer...
Is it safe to use a Fake ID in/around Berkeley?
the purpose of school and the CS program
What it feels like being in Main Stacks during summer sessions... 
What it feels like being in Main Stacks during summer sessions... 
Lost my Cal Berkley intern so looking for a new one! Are you tech savvy and like travel stuff? Can you write a press release, use social media? Please send me a query via the contact form at adventuregirl.com Summer internships available!
CAL GRADS: this is how to get your online graduation photos for free
Shit Haasholes Say
New EECS/CS Student? Check out these awesome videos of real-life EECS students.
My friend's Berkeley magazine THE SQUELCH lost all their funding
Can some opinions as well as an honest insight into why Cal students dislike Stanford University so much?
Diablo III Guest Pass [Dying for One]
How big of a problem is theft?
Recommended Dentists?
Rising High School Senior With Questions about Berkeley. If you had to go back in time and choose again, would you still go here?
Math 53 and 54 over the Summer?
Freshman Schedule Help? :]
Quick question about summer classes for EECS
"Student Woodworking Shop?
"
UCLA vs Cal - given the choice, would you still pick Cal over UCLA?
HELP?! Forgot to drop two course!
Looking for a place to stay just for the month of June
The urban dictionary page for 'stanfurd' is flooded with down votes. Lets do our best to give these definitions more positive and appropriate ratings
Greek life at Cal
When the Berkeley police chief's son's cell phone was stolen in January, 10 police officers were sent to track it down, with some working overtime at taxpayer expense, police said Monday.
Tony Hawk at Lawrence Hall of Science June 2nd!  $7 for UC Students!
Graduate programs here at Berkeley?
Where did Congress go to college? - check the House of Reps (x-post from r/dataisbeautiful)
Can anyone help me with some moving? :)
Kinda dumb telebears question, just want to confirm something.
Has anyone regretted/not enjoyed studying abroad for a semester?
What have you heard/ what are your experiences with the extension school?
Good Guy Google
I've got a small issue with moving in, can you help me come up with a strategy?
Berkeley is the third on Amazon's top 20 most well-read cities list
I feel like I'm missing something not getting into Haas
"Made this funny picture website as part 
of my AI class"
[Xpost from ELI5]: Berkeley in the 1960's
Rank/Comment On the Following CS Classes
Hookups: The ambiguity of collegiate intimacy | The Daily Californian
I'm worried.  I'm doing something wrong.  My Grades are terrible. HELP
Today's annular Solar Eclipse over Berkeley.
Rock Climbing at Berkeley
How to enjoy a solar eclipse without sunglasses.
Solar Eclipse. Go Bears.
Taking community college courses for credit (current HS senior going to Cal in the Fall)
When academics are advocates - Have any of you experienced this in your classes?
Cal student moving away.... have lots of furniture and etc for sale.
I graduated...can I still sign up for the student summer RSF membership?
Help choosing freshman year classes (EECS) and electives!
So how did you all do it?
Has anyone had any luck appealing rejection from the economics department?
Is there a place where I can donate textbooks?
For people who graduated in the past few years, it's okay to be undecided [from this year's commencement].
Does anyone know why Berkeley takes off points for an A- but doesn't add points for an A+?
Advice for a new Golden Bear? 
Solar eclipse this Sunday evening! They say that in Berkeley, the eclipse will form a C. (*coughCAL)
Meanwhile at my Haas graduation
Unexpected C- in Math 53, 3.05 GPA overall
Berkeley alum featured as contestant on “The Bachelorette” | The Daily Californian
Any females still looking for summer housing?
Schedule Builder Issues for New Admits
Taking classes at BCC for credit?
Berkley McDonalds tries (yet again) to change public image
Going to be in iHouse for Berkeley summer session 2012
testing my connectivity with a class resource
Bikes.
Internship opportunity for iOS &amp; PHP developers! :)
‘Accessible fashion’? To Berkeley senior, it’s about options, visibility
For those times when your final grades aren't what you had hoped for...
How hard is Math 113 during summer?
Paid Software Development Internship in Berkeley
fall schedule (sophomore)
D in Math 1B?
AB540 student help!!
Call for nominations to UC Berkeley's Wall of Fame.
Moving to Berkeley in August, Fiancé in Phd Program, is CalRentals good for Apartment Finding?
Question about switching Colleges and Simultaneous Degrees
21 y.o. from Alabama here for the summer. I don't know anyone in Berkeley. Where should I go to meet people?
Renting parking at apartment complexes but not a resident? 
Cal Football
Berkeley Celebrities
Gill Tract occupation’s mission mirrors state public policy goals 
Best ISP for apartment?
Moving to an Apt on Northside, is Comcast really that bad for internet/digital tv?
Telebears Oracle (Now with multisemester support! Tell freshmen about it!)
How long do we keep our school e-mail addresses/aliases?
UC Anonymous Tumblr
Class recommendations - any department.
Alumni, did you join the Cal Alumni Association? Was it useful and would you recommend joining it?
When will spring 2012 grades be up?
I haven't received any grades yet on bear facts. Is it because I still owe 1000 dollars?
Worth it to take UGBA 10?
UC Berkeley Schedule Enhancer (UCBSE) v1.8 released -- NEW FEATURES: TelebearOracle links, HKN links, ScheduleBuilder fixes
Anyone going to Rollercoaster Day 2012??? I wanna go, but i need a ride.
Chem 1B... thoughts?
Low CS grades. How do I boost them and get other things to put on resume?
How ego and ideology are destroying the world's greatest public university
On the BART train on the way back from San Francisco
Admitted freshman, applying to Haas in two years, any tips?
How to get rid of some furniture?
A happy sight upon Graduation, today.
the calm before the storm...choosing summer CS courses
Walk of Shame
Parting Thoughts: The Need for Diversity of Opinion
Hanging out with my nephew in Berkeley. He’s got that “Odutola Swagg” on lock.
This is a throwaway. Any girls in Berkeley want to hook up? PM me.
What are we supposed to wear under the gowns for graduation tomorrow?
My Droid's new lock screen (with working campanile and walking bear)
Welcome to summer, Golden Bears.
Where to get moving boxes quickly?
Hamster help
"(RIP Henry Treadway) Lifes A Rollercoaster - Glo &amp; B. Durazzo
      - YouTube"
Final grade for my R&amp;C course is up. Most everyone I talked to received some sort of A except for me. Thinking about emailing her.
Channing Tennis Courts
My thoughts as I handed in my last final yesterday...
10 minutes before final ends and GSI starts drawing this. 
Is the school bookstore open next week for text resale? This is the first time I'm not leaving immediately after finals so I don't know if they keep it going. 
Any info/advice for an incoming ChemE Masters (PDP) student?
My friend's version of Da Vinci: Late Night edition
how did I get in here..
Know anyone interested in splitting a room off campus?
Enrolling in BCC for the summer?
How many passport photos for EAP?
Best Place for Summer Storage?
Anyone looking for a roommate? [Incoming Frosh]
I'm going to be at Berkeley for the next few hours if anyone wants to hang out-- Global Reddit Adventure/Challenge/ReVenture guy
Anyone know the status of Raleigh's reopening?
What great CS courses do you have for an german exchange student
Anyone in Chem 3B?
Owls, their owlet and the Berkeley masses — Bay Nature Institute
Does the Berkeley undergraduate EECS program not teach TCP/IP? 
Anyway one department could tell that I re-used a paper from another department from last semester?
Ask the Alum
How's UC SHIP?
Why don't we have an on campus festival like Sun God?
Questionable chicken strip I got at late night.. 
L&amp;S Requirements
Thursday Night - crafty people come schmooze
N/P=Law School Application Death?
"(RIP Henry Treadway) Lifes A Rollercoaster - Glo &amp; B. Durazzo
      - YouTube"
Occupy the Farm - UCPD Locks Gate on Professor's Research, Farmers Move to Remediate Neglected Portions of Gill Tract
Seaweed- The Future of Fuel
Sorry to rub it in. I am all done with college!
Super Moon from the Big C
Seaweed- Future of Fuel
Super Moon from this Weekend
Condolences from Palo Alto 
just remember you're not alone. even in these stressful times, there's someone there to listen.
whenever you're feeling down just remember...
Whenever your feeling down just remember...
Student in Unit 2 commits suicide
AMA request - someone who saw the person jump from Towle
Someone just jumped out of a window on the 6th floor of Towle Hall, Unit 2
DAE think the statue outside the BART station looks a bit phallic...?
Window jumping out of Unit 2?
North Reading room of Doe, early 20th century
Another EECS transfer student . . . any advice?
Took these on a whim the other night. Our campus is so pretty!
Any great student organizations to volunteer with &amp; make friends?
Anyone need tickets for general commencement?
Coop or Ihouse?
Erpertmernsh!
Pay for EECS Readers/TAs
"I tell my children that it is better for people to buy marijuana from a safe, well-regulated source, than on the street."
Me This Semester - Lazy College Senior
best way to study for finals
Troops rallying before the newly-completed Sather Tower during the First World War
Where is the best place to sell used textbooks?
Advice for buying a new laptop
Nude run videos?
Campanile with Cal logo in the Harvest moon
Telegraph at night
A video for those who are not over their ex.
Science. &amp; Sex.
Science.
Update to prospective spring admit thread. I decided to go for it!
Cat Pictures
UCB anoncon up for spring 2012
Naked Run: A photo gallery of a semesterly tradition at UC Berkeley | The Daily Californian
View of Telegraph Avenue toward Sather Gate, before southward expansion of the campus, early 1900s
Scumbag Berkeley
UC Berkeley adviser fired after affair
Every Major's Terrible
Golden Bears - are you traveling this summer? Take a picture of yourself wearing Cal gear, send it over, and get featured on our website! :) 
24/7 Live video from Lawrence Hall of Science. Check the weather without leaving your computer...
What to do with 150 extra meal points?
a fairly accurate portrayal of me studying for finals (slightly nws)
a fairly accurate portrayal of me studying for finals (slightly nws)
Does anyone need tickets for L&amp;S commencement?
How it feels realizing I probably won't be going to Grad School anytime soon
Motivation in Bathroom stall...CAL Fight Song
"My friend entered into an Adobe video contest with this touching video and is now a Finalist. Please support if you ""liked"" it.
"
Former FPF Students- Is it hard getting classes in FPF?
Antiwar protest, Sather Gate, 1968
meanwhile, in the library....
Anyone read this Life After College column?
Antiwar demonstration, Sather Gate, 1968
Selling some furniture
Questions about intramural soccer?
Summer subletters wanted!
Is Delong's final exam similar to his practice final?
AMA Request: Berkeley Ridiculously Automated Dorm creator
Occupy the Farm @ San Pablo and Marin, near UC Village
New in town! Anyone wanna hang?
Ted Kaczynski (aka the Unabomber) as a young Berkeley professor, standing in front of Doe
Ted Kaczynski (aka the Unabomber) as a Berkeley professor, standing in front of Doe
Any mattress recommendations?
Main Stacks naked run
Inside everyone's head during the naked run. 
Naked Run
How do you study for English 45A? 
Former Cal Star Ryan Anderson named NBA's Most Improved Player!
How accurate is the final exam search feature?
Creative ways to get back my Cal 1 card money?
Chem E Upper div Reader or UGSI
"When is the main stack run this 
semester?"
Hey /r/berkeley new transfer student here, need some advice..
Kip's Bar hires swanky restaurant consultant and expands downstairs
Best dorms/places to live for transfer students?
The worst people during Dead Week
UGSI for upper div courses?
Handcuffed to my friend for the day... what should we do!?
Police respond to bomb threat on Northside | The Daily Californian
Which side are you on Be/r/keley? "Gill Tract occupiers’ sustainability ideas are wrong-headed" | The Daily Californian
instead of studying during deadweek
Nevertheless, I just wasted over an hour trying.
Bomb threat near Le Roy and Le Conte...
Help save fellow UCLA student Janet Liang by registering to be a bone marrow donor. At home check swab kit link inside.
Anyone find a folder in Soda Hall today?
UC Berkeley Freshman creates BRAD (Berkeley Ridiculously Automated Dorm)
Help a fellow bear win a contest!!! 
This gem just dropped out of my mouth at a [7]
The Secretions (Sacramento punk rock) come to 924 Gilman St. w/Gnarboots! May 18th!
Just accepted to UC Berkeley as transfer student -- biggest short-term goal in life is to be elected to a position in student government (ASUC).  What steps can I take?
Berkeley marina can be beautiful
Recreating the Intermezzo Salad
Best AC Class for Fall 2012?
Seeking summer sublet for 2
Berkeley Econ Prof. Brad DeLong conversing with Paul Krugman
I got chosen as grubhub'r of the week...sharing my promo code with ya'll.
SFGate's "You know you're a real Berkeleyan if you..."
Good place to watch playoffs (under 21?)
Student Position Available: Web Designer
Where in Berkeley can I get moving boxes cheaply/for free?
Naked Run
Anyone getting rid of a full sized mattress when they move out? 
Wouldn't it be nice?
"There are only 2 ways to pass, do it my way, or kill me"-professor. Challenge accepted. 
Stanford Appeals at Cal Day
Looking for a graphic designer for our iOS App!
Is there a required placement test for math placement?
Cal receives $60 million dollar grant to create the Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing
Anyone in San Ramon looking for a Sublease?
Berkeley Ridiculously Automated Dorm
Berkeley Ridiculously Automated Dorm (BRAD)
Did anyone in Cal order one?
Anyone in mcb 61 this semester wanna tell me what the last 4-5 lectures were about?
Looking for some different libraries to study in.
Summer classes' finals aren't cumulative? T/F?
"10 Things Your Commencement Speaker Won't Tell You"
Xcode availability in the computer labs.
I need to take a bunch of math classes to catch up for my intended major. 
Looking for a subletter for Spring 2013 semester.
Stolen Specialized Hybrid bike off Fulton &amp; Bancroft (pictures inside)  
State of Cal:  Looking for Perspectives
Has anyone taken any of the Physics 7 series in the summer?  If so, how was it?
Open Letter from Occupy the Farm to Albany Residents and the East Bay Community
Matlab license fail?
Looking for a summer internship in/around Berkeley, hopefully /r/berkeley can help
Anoncon is back!
Berkeley Parking Enforcement is infuriating.
Bio 1AL 
need a summer roommate $650/month 
[Request] Looking for a molecular model kit used in Chem 3a/b
Are there any accessible microwaves on campus?
Any Econ Majors Out There?
Which dorm should I live in?
Moving to Cal, Cheap Truck/Van rental suggestions to bring bed and things to apt?
Just got accepted to Cal as a transfer student! How should I go about looking for an apartment mate(s)?
I have just been accepted to the University of California, Berkeley!!!
So...I was planning to move away from Berkeley very soon, but I'll be staying next year. What are my options for finding a single last minute?
Does anybody know if Berkeley got a Colbert Super Pac Super Fun Pack?
Check out this communist! (x-posted in pics)
This looks pretty awesome..
Need a roommate for summer session! $688/month
$724 seeking apartment mate for 2012/2013 school year! 
Some suggestions/questions for machine learning courses?
How I feel as a Cal sports fan
Best ISP in berkeley?
Meet-up on Saturday 3pm Memorial Glade. I will be giving out the swag.
Vote to have an advance screening of Marvel's The Avengers at UC Berkeley! It only takes a second
Taking two languages concurrently?
Are we having that meet up for the Cal Swag?
Apple Orchard (200 Sutardja Dai) Open Hours?
I'm Robert Reich, former Secretary of Labor, professor, and author of the new eBook "Beyond Outrage." AMA. : IAmA
Since Apparently A lot of People Haven't Heard of This…TeleBEARS Oracle!
Cal Band Great!
Robert Reich challenged Bill O’Reilly to a “man to man” debate after O'Reilly called him a communist on TV.
Robert Reich on the daily show
Looking for apartment mates @ Le Conte &amp; Euclid (Northside)
Telebears.
Birgeneau sits down with CalTV to discuss his tenure. "Our salaries for both our staff and our faculty are significantly less than we think we ought to be paying for people of this caliber."
Taking CS 61A and CS 70 at the same time next semester?
Berkeley City Councilmember "AMA" Part 2: Laurie Capitelli - Happening NOW!
Calculus whiz? Want to help Berkley High students?
Started a small business fixing cracked iPhone screens. Mention that you're a cal student for a $10 discount! 
Phase 1 Telebears advice anyone?
UC BERKELEY - ASUC Judicial Council strikes down Executive Order regarding V.O.I.C.E. initiative | CalTV News
I need some advice about CS classes. Help please?
I'm starting a small business fixing iPhone screens, figured I'd post it here for people to see
What is up with CS 170 enrollment/the waitlist?
CS 160 with John Canny?
Stat 20 or 21?
Go Berkeley Pedobears!
Golden Bears! Assemble! I just got news we're in the top 5, so vote! 
Transferring to Cal?
Prospective graduate student here interested in Neuroscience, Bioengineering, and/or Chemical Engineering. Any words of advice on getting in?
Science Fiction and Fantasy Short Story Decal?
Trying out some stuff with a Cannon 60D in Berkeley Univeristy at Night. 
Language classes
My one piece of advice for incoming freshmen.
PROTESTING???? 
Free Show, Half-Off Drinks for Cal Students at Shattuck Down Low this Friday!
Does anyone know where a flagpole is around campus?
MSE 111
Talk: Nicholas Merrill (NickCalyx), The Calyx Institute -- Tuesday April 24th, 5pm, Wozniak Lounge (430 Soda)
Furniture for an apartment
Econ 101a/101b?
CS162?
Incoming Freshman (Fucc $tanfurd!)
Berkeley Students! Can you help me get funding for my team's research? Ultrasound Gel for Hospitals in Tanzania
Novum: A New Look at Yourself, Society, and the World
Phase I/II help
Cog Sci Prereqs?
CS 188 huge waitlist?
Big group restaurants..?
Would it help potential or incoming freshmen to have a "IAMA graduating senior, AMA" type of thing? If so, ask away!
Got paid a dollar on sproul to watch this.  Do you think about what you eat?
Questions regarding graduating in three years and offsetting the price of Out Of State Tuition. Please Help. =]
Getting a senior thesis or research paper published?
Bring ESPN College Gameday to Berkeley! Go Bears!
Protesters occupy Berkeley-owned farm tract in Albany 
New Squelch out this week
Advice for a psych major?
"Dear /r/Berkeley, in case you are interested, we 
are having a Reddit meetup / lazy sunday putluck 
in Sunnyvale in a week :-)"
Hi r/berkeley!  Likely incoming freshman here.  What's something you wish you'd known about before you arrived at Cal?
Kappa Alpha IFC Champions! 
Subletting?
Where should I go for undergrad CS: Berkeley or Caltech?
Prospective spring admit here. Any spring admits willing to share their experience?
If you aren't taking summer courses, are you eligible for a free Summer AC Transit sticker?
Econ C162 Syllabus?
I'm feeling a bit scared. I don't know where my life is headed. Need advice.
RESCOMP bandwidth limit almost up on my router. How do I switch router from being registered under my name to my roommate's?
Intentionally scheduling conflicting exam groups?
View from my friend's apartment rooftop
My new desktop background.Cal is also henna tattooed on my wrist. Time to work my butt off.
Call Day- Dell University
Cal Day
Campanile knows what time it is...
4-20: UC Berkeley and UC Santa Cruz
Can anyone help me out?
Berkeley Apartment Rentals
Housing recommendation
Ziggy Marley was appropriate here at Cal for the week of 4/20.
Bike vandalized in Unit 2 courtyard last night. Anyone know anything?
How bad does a NP look?
Hey, r/Berkeley, don't forget to call Barbara Lee *TODAY* and tell her you're opposed to CISPA! (202) 225-2661
Help raise money for a motorbike ambulance system in Tanzania started by CAL Seniors!
what happens if you get caught smoking weed in the dorms?
getting caught smoking in a dorm? (for the ents in berkeley)
my shirt for tomorrow :) gotta rep the home town :)
Comedy Central on Campus coming to Berkeley!!
EE 40 during summer?
Has anyone done Berkeley's UC Summer Abroad program?
Second Round of Voting for National College Comedy Competition! We now take on UCSC after defeating Stanfurd
No one else is posting; I feel lonely!
Looking for a room/apartment for rent [Northside]
There's a new design for a proposed building in the old lot at Haste and Telegraph. Here is, updated with cheez and LOLcats!
Right in our own backyard!
Maybe they Should Actually Give These Guys Extra Credit? About 50 Berkeley High School students Suspended for Hacking into the attendance system to sell cleared absences to classmates.
Maybe they Should Actually Give These Guys Extra Credit? About 50 Berkeley High School students Suspended for Hacking into the attendance system to sell cleared absences to classmates.
Robert Reich on the Daily Show
Cal Athletics currently $239 million short on funding needed for new football stadium. "Money for the football stadium could come from campus funds, which include student fees."
4/20 Concert: 5pm Lower Sproul - Danny Brown
Robots being developed at Berkeley to do household chores
Gap between fall semester and spring study abroad program?
We're Politify and we're some Cal students trying to inform Americans about politics. Help us win a grant by voting for us!
Berkeley Mystery Hunt 2012
Shout out to all my brothas and sistas!
Introducing CalMeals: A CalDining app for Android (feedback is appreciated)
I assume you guys know about this already, but just incase: Sometimes, When "All the Facts are In," It's Worse: The UC-Davis Pepper-Spray Report [x-post r/news]
Civilization (IV or V) anyone?
I think Reddit's Cal Day was a success
Need one tenant (for entire year) and some subleases for the summer!
Bring an advanced Avengers screening to Berkeley!
Found a wallet in Main Stacks with over $300 in it
Any MPH students on here?
Cal Day Concert 2012 with DR. DOG
Web Developer job for Cal Students (and other opportunities for non-programmers)
Berkely students can win $1,000 cash for the projects they created in school. Only 2 projects submitted so far....
seriously, does anyone on campus have a lighter?
i'll just leave this here [NSFW]
LOL, found this in Cory Lab on second floor near the elevators. Which course is this...?
WSJ Article about the $447m Memorial Stadium
Benefits of learning Chinese
Does Cal Band haze?
420 at Memorial Glade?
Anyone looking for a house/apartment-mate?
Where to buy a cheap tie around campus?
You Go to Cal Tumblr
Need 1000 more views!
One does not simply master physics.
Killing Floor
Hi bears! Advice on studying abroad for a semester please?
Subletters Needed for a Cottage
Birgeneau and the administration was lying..! they could have made the UCPD drop the charges.. "The charges [...] were dropped Monday morning following the direction of UC Berkeley Chancellor Robert Birgeneau"....
Question regarding housing for transfer students incoming in Fall '12:
Berkeley Undergrad CS concurrent class question
My graduating class celebrates its 10th anniversary this year. What has changed at Cal since the class of 2002 moved on?
I need help to win a PR internship this Summer! Please vote, it only takes 5 seconds.
Honestly, every Berkeley student should know about this.
This should be an easy win for us Berkeley nerds. ASSEMBLE.
Does anyone have any experience with web-based courses?
Banned from AirBears bc I forgot to Close uTorrent
Subreddit Stats: berkeley submissions from 2011-11-29 12:34 PDT to 2012-04-14 08:38 PDT
Berkely university
In case anyone missed it....
Anyone interested in helping make a website?
"Cal locker room before beating USC in 2003
"
Calchat - chat rooms for every class at Cal. Built by students for students. 
Deferred spring admission??? 
For All Those Baked and Broke in Berkeley, Feast Upon This.
Check out my sculpture and vote for it if you like it please, thanks!
Whoo undie run!
The Avengers College Fan Screening - Vote!
Has anyone else seen this Stanfurd song? Priceless.
If there was a Berkeley circlejerk subreddit, would it be called Berkeljerk?
Lawyer Dawg
Hey, r/Berkeley!
TIL about college decisions [x-post from r/funny]
Haley r/Berkeley, your mascot looks like the Pedobear had a kid with Scumbag Steve.  Just sayin
Best Cal commercial ever.
Asking professors about research
Captcha beat me as I was trying to email calbears.com tech support.
Futurama Fry Berkeley Edition.
Anyone know where I can buy this Cal t-shirt?
Hey Berkeley: Come try curling (the Olympic sport) this weekend!
The 4/20 chronic-les of UC Berkeley | The Daily Californian
Voting-scenario startup wins CITRIS Big Ideas prize
How do I withdraw money off of my Cal1 Debit Card?
Fun fact
check out the awesome student developed web apps for the STC Web App Competition 2012
First Thing I thought of when I read "Berkeley"
Any of you engineers at the Shell Eco Marathon in TX?
Advice or experiences with taking online courses over the summer?
How much do these two utilities cost?
What everyone should know about Berkeley!
Thunderstorms over Berkeley? Anyone in the area see this?
From the front page of /r/stanford today...
Yo r/Berkeley...
I'm European. What the hell is Berkeley and can we eat it or have Sex with? 
Me when i saw the banner change on Reddit frontpage.
Berkeley, I have one question.
You did it berkeley!  You did some kind of grow a college thing.  I just wanted to say that Canada is proud
Hey r/berkeley, any interest in a Cal shirt designed by a Cal alumnus and fellow redditor? It's available now!
Advice for an danish exchange graduate students
Amazing 5,000 Megapixel image of Sather Gate: ENHANCE! Interactive/direct link in comments
hey /r/berkeley! try out our chat app for Cal students (CalChat)
Course Recommendations Please
I know some of you guys are in these clubs here...so vote for Cal's best by April 25th for a spot in Caliber Magazine! :)
Odd question I know, but does anyone know where I can catch spiders around campus?
Looking for this guy. Known to climb Table Mountain in Cape Town.
Anyone need a ride from Berkeley to UC Davis to see the Shins on April 23rd?
Angry Foothill Umbrella Owner
Advice for a prospective student.
Where should I live?
Questions from a prospective student.
/r/berkeley is going to take over the front page tomorrow!
Looking for last-minute tickets to see Pulp at the Warfield on tuesday? Because I have them!
Anyone looking to sublet?
how likely is it that i'll get in off of the co-op waiting list?
Easy R1B courses for next semester?
Hey Reddit! We're a burgeoning publication on campus. What would you like for us to do, that you would like to see?
To Team Fortress 2 players,
After taking an elbow to the face at Holi...
After taking an elbow to the face at Holi earlier...
Out of state-ers: Where do you store all your stuff over the summer if you go home? 
Can I just say? CalTV has been on top of this whole V.O.I.C.E. thing. They're probably the #2 goto place for news if you look at their videos.
Question re: Andrew Bird concert (4/13)
Are you a Dude? Live in the dorms? Love C.R.E.A.M.? Sign up to host a prospective Cal student for a night!
Are you a dude? Do you live in the dorms? Love C.R.E.A.M.? Sign up to host a prospective Cal student for a night with OSP!
Getting some keys copied?
New recruitment video from the Cal Band
Walking through Sproul during election season
Walking around campus this morning
So i was in Pimintel the other day and...
Are there any redditors going to see Rachel Maddow who want to get together for dinner before, or drinks after?
Ride to Coachella Weekend 2?
Experiences with car sharing programs?
Need one tenant (for entire year) and some subleases for the summer!
Me, 5 seconds after I stepped outside of my apartment tonight.
Help! Need to find an apartment!
Thunder live chat
Fulfilling my Quantitative Reasoning requirement... or, at least, trying to
Is anybody a member of Sigma Alpha Lambda?
CS169???
Cheapest way to keep myself with food over the summer?
Cal Turntable - Let's jam
Berkeley City Councilmember Kriss Worthington doing an "AMA" this afternoon @ 5pm
Fill out this short survey to help me in my psych class! only takes 30 seconds!!
Avatar fans: Who's juiced for Legend of Korra? 
Fill out this short survey to help me in my psych class! only takes 30 seconds!
"(UCBPD) acknowledged that at the time of the raid one of the groups qualified for federal protections designed to protect journalists, publishers, and other distributors of information from police searches, despite the police's persistent denial of that status throughout the lawsuit."
What is your advice on finding research positions?
Let's bring back the idea of a free UC education
How manageable is your debt Berkeley students?
Elective credits.
Question about paying for off campus housing
Classes to take before I graduate? 
Thoughts on IB 131?
"The Otter and the Perch- River otters have been wildlife stars at Jewel Lake in Tilden Regional Park off and on over the last year. But did you know they're chowing down on rare fish?

"
Poetry for the People Open Mic tomorrow at 7pm! I'm hosting! 
Research Methods course for Media Studies question
FSM Calories?
CalTV Breaking News: ASUC President Vishalli Loomba nullifies the V.O.I.C.E initiative for the Spring 2012 election.
Did I fuck myself over regarding studying abroad?
BREAKING: ASUC President Vishalli Loomba voids The Daily Cal $2 Student Fee V.O.I.C.E. Initiative.
Does anyone know what night the Taiko drummers practice on Sproul?
I am a victim of domestic violence. Help me change the law so others can be saved.
Shit my Cal roommate says!
Swag is here. Will be distributed at next meet-up. Also, apparently, we are Reddit's favorite school in the UC system
This will be my only post about the elections.
This is how I feel about The Daily Cal having their front page empty today.
@cal Alumni Network
Holi - how much paint to buy?
Math 54 professors?
Professor emeritus Walter Alvarez who discovered the dinosaur extinction theory at Cal in the 1980s speaking at Sibley Auditorium Wed @ 5:30. Free and open to all!
Apartments with leases that start in the fall?
The official UC Berkeley Facebook page just posted this Success Kid meme...
Hi Berkeleyans! Whats an easy class to fulfill the history breadth requirement?
Okay, don't hate me for this. College dude is broke and needs green. Doesn't hurt to ask. Downvote if inappropriate.
Download past midterms, homework solutions, and finals for Berkeley classes
All Lines are Currently in Use
Upper Division Berkeley CS w/ Hilfinger?
Vote for Berkeley in the National College Comedy Competition! We're up against Stanford
How are the tennis PE classes?  Also any other fun class recommendations?
JFK's motorcade in front of the Berkeley Safeway, on the way to Memorial Stadium
PSA: If you don't see your submission on the front page or /r/berkeley/new, let the mods know by sending a message to /r/berkeley!
Help please! I can't sign up for any classes and my phase 1 is today (DSP)
Joel McHale kicks a stanfurd student in the balls.
I am a guitarist that has repeatedly had to explain that I went to Berklee, not Berkeley. Now, I am moving to Berkeley in September. This is going to be confusing. Anyways, anyone know anyone looking for a guitarist?
What I do every time I go over bandwidth
Boat Dance Question
Getting back to Berkeley from San Jose after 11:30pm?
Like a Little..
Cal students: There is a free advance-screening of HBO's newest show, GIRLS, Monday 4/9 from 7-9 at PFA Theater. There will be FREE Zachary's pizza, an iPad 3 will be raffled, along with other HBO goodies (Game of Thrones box sets anyone?)! Come watch with us!
Waitlisted for FPF, any hope?
An ASUC President Candidate that thinks the ASUC is a big "circlejerk"
Math 1b after taking 16a?
How do you do it, students?
Anyone down to meet up?  I'm visiting and will be around 4/8 to 4/10
How difficult is it to get a P/NP class get changed to letter grade this late in the semester?
What I do with my time
TIL a Regent was forced to resign in 2004 after he missed every single board meeting for nearly two years straight 
EmpowerU
Housing question!
General Questions about Berkeley Student Life?
Can you guys PLEASE come out to my pledge class' professional event? THERE'S FREE CHIPOTLE
My feelings on being a Berkeley Student...
Admitted student: anyone have input on switching to CNR from L&amp;S? Environmental Science vs. Environmental Earth Science? 
Fellow Berkeley Redditors – When does the 'housing market' for next year open up?
Know your Brogrammers: Accept no Substitutions. Only the Original.
Walking around campus, walking toward my classes, and even walking in my dorm today...
I think I'm having my semesterly "major" crisis. 
Apartment searching
This is why Berkeley kids can't have nice things
Over past decade, Greek system candidates dominated ASUC presidential elections
What are your thoughts on the ASUC elections?
Sushi Delivery suggestions?
Cheap place to buy graduation shit? 
Thing to look at and do for non-student
Choo-choo
UC Berkeley getting ready for some freedom! 
Ron Paul to hold town hall on Memorial Glade
New admit here, I think i'm getting the hang of school spirit.
Like this page to find out where to get free Annie's samples at Cal and enter to win a month's supply of Annie's Microwavable Mac &amp; Cheese!
Female Cal Redditors!
Students/redditors for part-time marketing?
Scheduling for Berkeley?
A Scheduling Dilemma
can current students share lecture notes? I need them for EE121 ( communication class)
Need a campus job? Applications for ResComp close Friday at 5PM!
Firetruck on Sproul?
Letter of Solidarity with the Davis Dozen from their UC Berkeley Counterparts
Brad's Wet Dream - Brad Mosell for Senate
Good UCSHIP Dentists?
did the t-rex come to life???
Police accountability
    Get Your Shins Tee @ T-Shirt Orgy!
Doe Memorial Library, UC Berkeley
Stephen Colbert on Rick Santorum's war on the Californian Education System
Calling all Berkeley Pixar fans! 
L&amp;S Degree Requirements
Aspiring Entrepreneurs at UC Berkeley, Puniani Ventures has launched and what's to help you change the world with your product and vision
http://blogs.sfweekly.com/thesnitch/2012/04/bart_gets_new_less_disgusting.php
New undergrad wondering about switching majors...
Waitlisted for summer 61c course
Today on sproul....
UC Berkeley's first ever startup fund with Silicon Valley's major heavyweight players has officially launched! Submit your ideas and change the world today!
Summer in Berkeley - what's the best way to find a sublet?
CalServe Memes
Sociology 150a lecture slides.
Dear fellow Bears, please help my 2009 Cal startup get our Mac Wi-Fi Booster carried nationwide! We're the only Mac product that made the cutoff for this American Inventor style contest. Voting ends tonight.
Vote CalSERVE, Vote for Hypocrisy Memes for days
How I feel after paying my fifth street sweeping ticket over 3 years.
UC Berkeley students! Got a startup dream? My friend is starting a VC fund on campus
cal popstar looking for snackers...
Interested in learning more about the relationship between the U.S., mainland China, and Taiwan?
Thoughts on Fall Program for Freshman?
Korean Language Exchange in Berkeley
Check out UNIVERSAL PICTURES at CAL!! Movie News, Free movie screenings, and Contests
Rick Santorum: California universities don’t teach American history
Walking through Sproul today
Cal Student with Brain Cancer is Running out of Health Insurance - Kenya Wheeler is fighting for his life while losing his student healthcare insurance. 
If only I was so flexible (x-post from /r/reactiongifs)
Spring Linguistics?
I know it's norcal, but.....
Planning my visit to Cal Day when I realize...
Is it possible to take Chem 3B and Bio 1A together?
Not the best way to do it - Lecture Hall Proposals
Don't Forget to Vote for ASUC Senate: VOTE #174 NOLAN PACK AS YOUR #1 FOR ASUC SENATE
Barcraft @ Berkeley - IPL 4 (sponsored by IPL, TteSports, Hardwired Gaming)
Telebears Oracle (New and improved, with grade distributions!)
International students of Berkeley - how did you get in?
Dorm living in Berkeley: Questions
Help me get an A on my Soc 167 youtube video project; it'll be worth your while!
I'll be here for the summer, and I want to work, but I'm qualified for a bit more than just minimum wage. What is the best way to get a (part time?) job this summer?
Cognitive/Computer Science at Cal
Tech for EECS
help me convince a friend to go to berkeley!
Kindle? 
Chem 1AL!
Free Windows 7 still available to graduates?
Ron Paul Speaking at Zellerbach on Thursday, April 5, 7:00 pm! Reserve your seats now!
Berkeley 2016? Need advice in making the big decision of which college to choose
Please vote for a future Berkeley freshman!
i love cal
Man arrested in Berkeley shooting death
Shit Cal Students Say: The backlash to Andrew Kooker's insensitive comments - oh wait, actually he was right all along and how dare Student Action drop him for expressing his brave and correct viewpoints?!?!
Melee anybody?
Sell me on Cal.
My new first world problem. But really, I couldn't be more excited
So I just got accepted into the Spring 2013 semester as a freshman. Can anyone explain this to me? All of the info the website is giving me seems a bit overwhelming.
On Privatization and Brutalizing Campuses 
Summer Sublet Available! (May 1 - August 31) 1BR in 2BR/1BA North Berkeley Apartment - $775/mo
Are Stay-Away Orders Against UC Berkeley Students Unconstitutional?
Best Community College In Or Near The City Of Berkeley
Looking for 2 housemates to share downstairs bedroom
Student Action candidate Andrew Kooker dropped from Senate slate following controversial statements | The Daily Californian
Summer foreign language courses and workload
Does anyone have a car I can borrow for a few hours?
Is anyone else directed to the Calnet ID login when you try to read this Reddit Article?
Sophomore CS Major Schedule
Does anyone at Berkeley know Objective C and want to work at a young startup?  (we will pay!)
TIL the dinosaur extinction theory was discovered at Berkeley, and Prof. Alvarez still works in McCone
What's your favorite restaurant(s) in Berkeley?
Question relating to math classes
UC Berkeley Schedule Enhancer (UCBSE) v1.7 released -- plus new Facebook page for notifications
Not sure what to sign up for during Telebears
What should I see during my visit?
Help the UCB EGO Club win a $5500 in Zipcar Credit!
Cal Rugby Beats UBC for Sixth Straight 'World Cup'
Frat Parties/ Parties
Being Drunk Improves Creative Problem Solving
Underage at Berkeley
RSF workout partner?
Econ majors
Looking for / moving out of an apartment?
Been considering Political Philosophy! Any comments?
UC Police review of Nov.9 Occupy Cal protest critical of administration, justifies baton use | The Daily Californian
Down in the dumps about Math 1B.
Find out what your professor makes here. (x-post from r/UCLA)
Wonder what your professor is making? (x-post from r/UCLA)
A Trippy Study Break
Interesting article in Daily Cal about local music group that merges hip hop &amp; classical
For those about to take the second Chem 3B Midterm...
Cal ranked as one of six global "super-brand" universities, along with Harvard, MIT, Stanford, Oxford and Cambridge
City Council approves Berkeley’s Downtown Area Plan
Better rankings? Whatever. More Nobel laureates? Meh. This is a card we got from the reddit admins. This is what really counts. Suck it, Berkeley.
On the November 9 Stay-Away Orders: The University and its "Lawful Business"
Pork Buns and Pizza on Sproul TODAY!
hills bay san francisco cal clouds grizzly peak fish ranch road home 
CS minor or graduate early?
Did anyone else see the guys in wet-suits on campus last week? Well here is why
Look who I saw today: 
Seems legit...
For those of you actually into this ASUC stuff, be careful who you support.
The difference between science and humanities majors
Berkeley dating advice. Seems Legit.
Free printing on campus. Is this just a dream?
Where can I rent/borrow an outdoor mic for filming a video?
A few questions.
Attending the Pre-Collegiate Program: Making the most out of this opportunity?
What the hell do you people do in that bathroom in Dwinelle Hall?
Oh so this is how they do it...
To avoid confusion, here's another thread. My bad! Meetup is this Friday!
R&amp;C B recommendations?
Meetup this Thursday, right before Spring break! (Memorial Glade 3-6pm)
College students on how to get some 
Yes, that is a chicken suit
Fun, easy, interesting breadth courses?
Test
Feeling down about grades and everything. Need advice.
Scammer around North Berkeley
Lisa Wetmore, Certified Colon Hydrotherapist
IAMA native of Berkeley, born and raised. AMA
How I feel after finish every last minute paper
Awesome (and easy) Breadth Courses?
Apartment hunting?
Awesome (easy) Breadth Courses?
My friends made this for one of their classes...can we show them some love?
Anyone at Cal know Objective C and want to work at a startup? (and get paid!)
How my time is spent on the school's network.
Getting a room (single) in a house that has other students in it?
Berkeley Problems
Berkeley Problems (xpost from r/trees)
Female ASUC Senate Candidates
What do landlords require to rent a place near the campus?  More questions inside about housing.
Fall '12 Questions
I've been temporarily banned from all UC property. Thankfully I graduated last semester. 
Woman found dead in a UC Berkeley faculty club | The Daily Californian
CS 70 with Vazirani or EE 42 with Bokor?
Chamber Hip Hop Opera coming to Oakland for Spring Break
Quirky 2-minute video starring balloon dogs filmed at Berkeley!
ScheduleBuilder to be officially announced today!
Scumbag Berkeley Student
Would taking Math 1B over the summer be a good idea?
GAME DAY!
Where can I park without having to move my car every hour?
Video filmed on berkeley campus
60 years later, man returns Berkeley grad's passport
UC Berkeley Dance Marathon Registration Closes March 23rd. We bring you dancing, food, and fun for 12 hours, and you save children from Pediatric AIDS. It's a win-win-win because we love giving you a good time.
Midterms
This pretty much sums up how I felt waking up today.
Getting into Upper-div CS classes as Undeclared?
Boombotix Survey - Win a Free Pair of Speakers
Can you park on-campus off hours?
Any advice on taking chem 104A with chem 112A? Bad idea? 
r/Berkeley, I need help finding a research/Internship for the summer. I am a community college student. 
"Occupy Opportunities"--article by Professor Emeritus Charles Schwartz calling for the democratic election of the next Chancellor
"Occupy Opportunities"--article by Professor Emeritus Charles Schwartz to democratically elect the next Chancellor 
Questions about housing from a new student
Announcing Cal's Open Source HTML5 Powered Time Machine
So, we all know what LEC and DIS mean for Telebears...wtf does VOL mean?
Dayum Berkeley.
UC admin gives 30k salary increase to lover and only takes a small pay cut. Sign the petition to get her FIRED!
SF-Gate: Tang Reports Injured Protesters to Police
True Story.
Police use batons, pepper spray, arrest man in UC Berkeley dormitory
Witness to bike accident? (x-post from bayarea)
He was in my BioE group last semester... funny, really likeable kid... RIP Kevin
Hearing about ASUC elections even after I've graduated
Things for a CS major to do here over the summer?
Berkeley’s largest cannabis dispensary to close May 1 | Berkeleyside
UC Berkeley startup Politify featured in the Next Web
My response to ASUC election season
Housing Offers out
What is this calamity! ಠ_ಠ
ME3 and Discussion
The weather change was so unexpected...
BREAKING VIDEO REPORT: It's Raining in Berkeley (and Hard!)
Sunny California
Every damn time
Lazy Berkeley Senior
Fashion Faux Pas?
Fist Pump the World - An Electronic Music Blog created by Berkeley students/artists
International Studies Class
404: Job Not Found? Apply to ResComp Today!
The View from Panoramic Hill [pic]
found a phone.
Wheres a good place to sell used clothing?
University of Kentucky to turn dorms over to private developers
UC Berkeley Tang Center Cooperates with UCPD. Those who went to the Tang Center after sustaining injuries from the police on Nov. 9th may now face charges.
Redditors who want a Marketing position?
Prospective Grad Student in SEMM looking for a place to stay for open house (April 6) or for someone wanting to climb at Iron Works.
Chancellor stepping down at the end of the year.
Chancellor Birgeneau announces he is stepping down at year's end
Birgeneau to step down as chancellor by end of 2012.
"Chancellor Birgeneau announces he is stepping down at year's end
"
Cal Assistant Vice Chancellor given slap on the wrist for pay raises. Why not fire her?
good place to sell used books and used clothes?
Is anyone here a rhetoric major?
Berkeley Faculty Association calls for Birgeneau to condemn criminal charges against Nov. 9 protesters
Pass/no pass?
Opinions on North-west Berkeley?
Looking for a job/internship? Tech startups will be in Pauley Ballroom tomorrow
Looking for roommates! :)
Applying to jobs advice
Anyone down to throw around the LAX ball on memorial glade
Help: Does anyone know where I can find the cheapest car rentals in the East Bay Area?
Changing Majors (xpost from /r/adviceanimals)
Scumbag Professor 
ASUC elections...
Fun, chill summer volunteer activities or internship ideas?
Drop political charges against November 9th protesters! Starts Monday March 12 at noon at California Hall.
CS61B and CS61C Concurrently?
Dipstick Swagger: Simple Pickup Edition
Become a Campus Rep to help make a difference in the world!
The Berkeley PD couldn't respond to a 911 call of a murder due to lack of resources. However, they had plenty of resources to show up at the home of the reporter that covered the story at 12:45 am and demand that he change the article
Remember one less hour of sleep tonight
Can I use the training center in the Memorial Stadium?
Alice Waters' Cafe Fanny closes
"Berkeley Police Visit Reporter's Home at 1 a.m. to Ask For Changes in Story. A simple mistake or is it more insidious
"
Police chief sends officer to reporter's house 
best time to post sublet
Needless to say, I didn't miss...
Trying to move to the Bay area this summer, have heard mixed reviews about Berkeley.  Please.  Help.
"Adam as Bearwalk"- Thats Berkeley 
ANOTHER INSTANCE OF POLICE BRUTALITY BY UCPD
Excited about the Cal game?
Excited about the Cal game...
When you see it...
Picket California Hall Next Week
Today on campus...
Any Gundam/gunpla/plamo/toy enthusiasts among you?
"Occupy Isn't Responsible for Peter Cukor’s Murder Says Berkeley Police Chief.Berkeley Police Chief Michael Meehan denied diverting resources because of the Occupy protest the night of the murder
"
Has anyone ever accidentally missed a midterm? If so, what did you do?
Scumbag Chancellor Birgeneau
Any way of finding out which professors are teaching which class this summer?
Kids these days..
Another fire broke out in an apartment building at Dwight &amp; Ellsworth early this morning
Power Mad DA Charges Berkeley Professor &amp; Students Beaten by UC Police.
Judge blocks report on UC Davis pepper-spraying
Berkeley sunsets
Up close with Berkeley's wildlife at Tilden Regional Park
Anyone know why there are so many cops on campus tonight?
Star Wars Artist Died at his home in Berkeley. Ralph McQuarrie, 82, created Darth Vader, R2-D2, Stormtrooper etc...
Any game clubs (fighting games, especially) or fighting game scenes near Berkeley?
Berkeley Poetry Review is looking for a student webmaster
Interested in design and social issues? Come to the Design for America Workshop! Topic: Sustainability, Director of Operations will be there to lead it! Free food! RSVP now!
It's CalPIRG season!
fucking bspace
Hey everyone! If you've got a couple minutes, can you help me out by taking this quick survey please? 1 in 50 people will win a $10 Amazon gift card! Thanks! :)
This pretty much sums it up...
Is HKN worth it?
No Patrick, Berkeley is not an Ivy League. 
An Ongoing Documentation of Cal's Bathroom Writing
unofficial CAL Super Smash Bros. Melee tourney?
AMA Request: Mail Room Clerk
Does anybody here have any experience with Minecraft servers?
Question about double majoring?
One of the last places you'd expect to see a backflip. 
Awkward Freshman
What's up with those groups of people practicing dance moves in lower sproul plaza?
How I know when I should go to Cream
AMA Request: A Mail Room Clerk
How a Student Run Database is Changing the Way Universities Respond to Rape
Louis Farrakhan’s upcoming appearance at UC Berkeley sparks outcry from Jewish community
Jorge Gutierrez is Pac-12 Player of the Year &amp; Defensive Player of the Year!!!
Fuck Calnet Login.  Introducing AutoBears.
AAA's LANB4TIME X
Earthquake meme
What people in Japan are saying about shaken-up Berkeley residents this morning...
Earthquake data!
What's up with all the fire alarm/emergency sirens?
Any good 24-hour diner or cafe sort of places not located too far from campus? 
What's the closest place to Berkeley where I can see a lot of stars w/o light pollution?
Free movie tmrw night!! Copious amounts of popcorn and drinks included :)
Summer abroad fee?
Motivation in the Main Stacks
Mass Effect 3 GameStop Launch thingy?
CS 61C before 61B?
/r/ Berkeley call sign?
Alien on sproul
Anyone know how to get tickets to this show?
UCBMUNC does their crises right. 
Meet Up Reminder
Help needed with a survey, it only takes 3 min.
Computer Science Book frequently assigned at Cal is available online for free
If you play Dota 2
On Privatization and Brutalizing Campuses; or, Why Chancellors Say Stuff Like That 
In 2000 Lakireddy Bali Reddy and his family were charged with sex trafficking and enslaving people to work at his restaurant Pasand. They have recently opened a new restaurant in berkeley called Namaste.
when AirBears wants me to sign in on my phone..EVERY TIME
21 y.o. guy from Alabama. Living in Berkeley this summer. Never been to California. Is there anything I should know?
If you know a dentist in near Berkeley who can do a good crown for the love of god, let this lady at Patch know: "My Journey Through Hades and What it Taught me About Modern Dentistry"
Cheap studio apartments?...Do they exist?
Anyone else tired of these videos?
Every time it rains...
Never trust the weather report. 
Class in Etcheverry?
Can somebody explain this to me?
Anybody in Music 135a?
Extra Will Ferrel Pass??
Film photography and development classes in the Berkeley area?
Open University Schedule, March 1st
Open University Schedule, March 1st
berkeley department apparel? :D
 Bay Area concerts anyone??
Berkeley Model UN for Highschoolers, anyone know  Josh Reyman? 
High Expectations Asian Father on my OChem midterm
Friends of the Mentally Ill Guy Who Killed Cuckor in North Berkeley Hills Talk About Him Before "The Break"
internship as a ME major?
New Berkeley-Based Comedy Troupe!
Any good hot pot places nearby, easily reachable by public transportation?
Hello Berkley students. I have created a subreddit for anyone interested in discussing a student union movement in the US. If any of you are interested or have pertinent experience/ materials, please join us at r/StudentUnionUSA. :)
Other rooms like1015 Evans?
CS 61B?
What I feel like the Career Center is doing
Help Design for America by selecting an issue to work on for our upcoming workshop!
Hey r/berkeley, SUPERB wants to make sure you get in on the fun this Monday. Will Ferrell and his new movie will be in Wheeler Auditorium!
Career Fairs
Why Strike; Why March; Why Occupy?
Hey Reddit, please help local band Mad Noise get voted into SXSW 2012!
Good sites to run to..
UC Berkeley freshman Andrew Crowley is in a coma and “critical, but stabilized” condition after falling off the Phi Gamma Delta frat house Saturday
Stolen bike
Joe Ayoob achieves paper airplane throwing immortality. Fucking Ayoob.
Just moved here from Boston. What are my options for wireless internet providers in the area? AT&amp;T U-Verse? Comcast? Other? 
The Berkeley Animal Care Services pet shelter is in a  nation wide contest to win a lot of supplies for the animals, Help us win! 
Too $hort performing at Rasputin Music, Today (2/28) @4
Screening of "Urbanized" Next Monday 7pm on Campus! (Urban Design+City Planning)
Photography locations around Berkeley?
Where to get EE parts?
Jim the Tailor-- Thoughts?
Does anyone know if TB tests at the tang centers are free?
Pat Brown's Grill opened without me realizing it...
Anyone with ATT uverse whose internet is down right now?
Sad and frustrated about my grades. Not sure what to do anymore. This place is killing me, honestly
I'm still trying to understand why he brought this to the Main Stacks: 
Sometimes you'll never know
The 20th Chinese Martial Arts Tournament at UC Berkeley! [x-post from martialarts]
The Daily Cal, now with MORE stalking!
How to secure internship as freshman?
How to get a job for this semester?
Student who fell from frat house serious condition | Berkeleyside
7-ish-minute vid of the sf valentine's day massive flashmob pillowfight that i edited together
Average GPA for HKN membership?
police on south side?
Machine shop access
Three pepper-sprayed south of UC Berkeley campus following pro-Palestine protest
Politify -- a UC Berkeley startup launches today
Summer sublets?
Who's going to Coachella Weekend 2?
Any EE Grad students willing to tutor? 
Hipsters, Hipsters Everywhere.
I am confused about how transferring to UC Berkeley as a computer science major works.
Something we can all relate to...
HS Junior over here. tell me, how did you get accepted and could i make it?
Reddit Meetup Next Weekend?
It's not horribly cold anymore. Meetup?
Can anyone tell me what a student learns in Haas?
Anyone Wanna Hang Out?
Book Scanners
Nosaj Thing is playing a FREE concert on Lower Sproul tonight
A New Take on the Berkeley College Republican Bake Sale 
"Occupy, Police Priorities and Mental Illness Cited as Causes in the Berkeley Hills Murder

The complexity of the issues surrounding the murder of Peter Cukor have been reported on in news organizations as far away as India."
This may be a slight understatement, actually.
sheltered college freshman at CopyCentral
Anyone else smell what I'm pretty sure is a nearby fire in the air this afternoon?
It's not horribly cold anymore. Meetup?
It's not horribly cold anymore. Meetup?
Haas notifications tomorrow...any thoughts?
Easiest American Cultures Class?
The Notewrorhty Guys' Rendition of SNSD's, "The Boys"
Eric Schmidt, executive chairman and former CEO of Google, to speak at this year's commencement
Anyone interested in forming a Cash Mob to help out local small businesses?
SHUT UP REPUBLICANS 
Everybody misplaces something sometime. But it is not easy for UC Berkeley, to explain how it lost, then sold a 22-foot-long carved panel, valued at more than a million dollars, for $150 plus tax...OOPS.
Seth Meyers on the Cal-Stanford rivalry: it's the “whitest version of Bloods versus Crips.”
UC Berkeley accidentally sells misplaced artwork valued at over $1 million for less than $200 - “It was an act of sheer stupidity by the university.” 
Ash Vin
Berkeley 2/22/2012
Fuckin' Berkeley...
There are many Christian fellowships/fraternities/sororities on campus; why isn't there a prominent atheism/freethought group?
Suspect in North Berkeley murder has criminal record, history of mental illness
Free Kaplan Practice Tests 
Where can I buy a fake ID in Berkeley?
ME3 Demo MP - anyone?
Learn Photoshop Basics + How To Make Infographics!!
UNIT 3:Beverly Cleary boredom
Can't send emails with CalMail on Thunderbird.
Anyone know any good and manageable courses over the summer to fulfill American Cultures and/or R&amp;C requirements?
Have an interview for the Master of Engineering program on Thursday.  Any tips?
Seth Meyers at Zellerbach Hall tonight, 2/21, 8pm, $12.50 for students
Vita Launch Party! FREE PSVITA'S, GIFT CARDS AND MORE (SF/Bay Area)
Sorry for creepin'. Couldn't resist. [EE 20N LEC]
Berkeley Academic Senate Discusses Response to Police Violence on Cal Campus (Nov. 28, 2011)
Why Are We Destroying Public Education? University of California Students and Staff Prepare for System-Wide Strike to Protest Cuts (2009)
March 1-5 public education actions
Paczki in Berkeley?
UCB Chancellor Birgeneau was informed of and allowed violence on Nov. 9th to continue
UC Chancellor Robert Birgeneau Lies About Not Knowing of Police Violence During Nov. 9th While on Trip to Asia.
I've never felt so inadequate in my life...
It had to be done...
UC Berkeley Mistakenly Sells Million-Dollar Artwork for $150 
Nice clubs around Berkeley?
you'd think it was legal if you lived here...
Cal Bears! Help us overcome the stigma surrounding mental health and raise $10,000 for suicide prevention!
Have to think positively
Squelch Comedy Show this Saturday
Berkeley's Collegiate Starleague team presents:  Barcraft at Berkeley, this Sunday Feb 26th, showing the final day of MLG's Winter Arena. Details inside
TIL Rebecca Romijn was born in Berkeley.
Best Summer Housing Options
Need help with CS61A
2 Tickets to the Cal vs. Oregon Bball game tonight @7pm
Bassist Wanted
Summer Research
Chase the Regents out of town, already
I have a megaphone and would like suggestions/ideas
good hangout places around campus?
Anyone know how to enroll for summer courses at UCLA?
Think getting a parking ticket sucks? Well, when you write the tickets people throw things at you, harass you and even ram their car into you! 
Looking for a good Logic tutor (paid), and Logic resources in general.
17 Occupy Cal protesters detained Friday morning
Co-ops/Greek?
Thought this was pretty cool
Beloved Telegraph Market Owner Dies. Locals say: He's "the reason a lot of the people on Telegraph have jobs and a place to live."
Made the mistake of friending a Poli Sci major on Facebook
Sophomore Kyle Crews was eliminated from American Idol Wednesday 
A Crossroads Dinner Date
Meditating on Iran: Hossein Alizadeh and Pejman Hadadi | Berkeleyside
Last Two Basketball Home Games (Final Two Home Games of Jorge Gutierrez and Harper Kamp)
I know this meme is tired, but pretty accurate this is
Favorite date spot?
Berkeley Student
scumbag sea lion pushes other sea lions off raft.  saw this at pier 39 the other day and wanted to share it!
New Grad Student for 2012.  Would love some advice of where to live near campus
HELP! Are there any classes I can still add?
Where can I go to play some drums around here??
Question about STD testing options in Berkeley
Making edibles today any Berkeley ents care to partake and have a little hangout sesh?
Watch CalTV!!! Our season starts again!!! 
Can anyone explain why there are two Occupy Berkeley campsites on campus still?
This is my friend's strategy.
Berkeley reddit folks. Are you on the Linsanity train? 
Cal alums Alex Morgan, Natalie Coughlin in SI Swimsuit issue 
Hey Berkeley Reddit! My little brother just started selling these Cal bears engraved iphone cases. Check them out!
Are there any good restaurants that deliver food to your door? 
According to a Federal Jury, a UC Berkeley police officer acted properly in 2009 when he struck a student protester's hand with his baton and broke her finger
Five Burrowing Owls Return to Berkeley Marina, but Future Remains Uncertain 
Has anyone taking upper division classes over summer? 
EE20 and EE120 have midterms tomorrow...
Ben &amp; Jerry's Valentines Giveaway!
$2 Clay Roses at Circle K Table on Sproul!
A music video filmed at a CAL grad student's apartment in Berkeley. Looks pretty good.
You're selfish if you want tuition to stay low
Hey there! Do you love Cal Athletics + writing about them?
Are you one of Berkeley's sparse advocates of liberty? Attend "How to Win the Battle for Liberty" with Alex Epstein for the emotional fuel and intellectual ammunition you need
How many URAP units should I take?
New Squelch online
Ride needed down to LA on 2-16
Now We're Talking
What happened to telegraph market? (Blake and Telegraph)
Gunshots?
Girls of /r/berkeley, are you looking for a valentine date? Search no more!
Anyone selling Chem 3B materials?
Found this posted up in one of the Units. (Cross-post from r/pics)
Blogger identifies actress in Pete Hoekstra's racist ad...she went to berkeley :/
Local Credit Unions
LOST: Umbrella in Kresge
Ignite Tomorrow’s Women Leaders Conference, free event!
University of Berkeley Internet Sketch Comedy Group Presents: The Apologizer
UC Berkeley now offers an "Energy Engineering" major and minor, that will begin in Fall 2012
Anyone know where to stream the Cal Bball game?
Blue and gold book?
A Real Life "Midnight in Paris" Adventure
Sad but true
Free Screening: 21 Jump Street at United Artists theater on Shattuck
Got bored, made an algorithm for crossing the street at Sather Lane.
What exactly do the Regents do and why are they essential to the functioning of the University?
It's happened...
61C over the Summer
Anything happening tomorrow night?
FREE Ben &amp; Jerry's Ice Cream
a quick &amp; dirty vid i slapped together of the 2010 san francisco valentine's day pillow fight (x-post from r/sanfrancisco)
UC Berkeley spends $1,300 to purchase x-rated domain names 
Where are the student academic rights and grade grievance procedures located? 
Map: Berkeley's Best Make-Out Spots
Are there any cheap studio apartments for 1 anywhere?
The Battle of Oakland
Is your Reddit Broke (can't upvote, logout, etc.)?  Disable Your Library Proxy!
ucberkeley.pdf
How UC Privatization Intensifies Class &amp; Race Inequalities
Half the people in your classes missing today? Lazy College Senior knows why.
"Get a sneak peak on the new Playstation Vita!  Stay tuned to find out how to win one in Berkeley :)

"
Cal football attendance vs. W-L record
Planning my IB classes now... Suggestions on the best upper divs?
I'm low on units. What should I do?
What's the deal with that First Church of Christ Scientist building?
Help me r/berkeley, you are my only hope.
THIS SATURDAY: Starcraft 2 fans come participate in the Bay Area TL LAN #9 held in Eudemonia! More information inside!
Boalt Hall Professor Donates Money, Name to Harvard Law's New Bathrooms...
Is it unreasonable to take two classes in the summer?
Does anyone know how to sign up for summer IB Classes on telebears?
Psych Major
League of Legends tournament/lan?
Raleigh’s and Cafe Intermezzo to reopen in temporary tent structures 
Incomplete still showing up on transcript after a grade has been issued
Getting into economics major
About that Astronomy Club we are making.
City Of Berkeley Plans To Pull $300M Out Of Wells Fargo (x-post from r/economics)
Former Student sues Sorority for Hazing
Papadimitriou!
What does a bear say?  Best moment at 50 seconds in.  (1:38)
IN 2 HOURS: Cal vs Stanford match up in a Starcraft 2 best of 5 for the Collegiate Starleague. There will be a stream viewing party at 3 Evans, come if you can! (x-post from r/starcraft)
UC Berkeley ranked in top 10 most hipster college campuses - The Daily Californian
Berkeley People's Park tree-sitter is convicted
Why Occupy Oakland keeps capturing headlines
C- in upper division math class?
Fancy script for AirBears login
I'm sick and tired of all this dirty, dingy, sketchy stuff we have to put up with here in Berkeley. As if our studies weren't hard enough already.
Do I have a chance of getting in? 
East Bay monthly meetup, Saturday 2/18 @ Albatross
I'm sick and tired of all this dirty, dingy, sketchy shit we have to put up with here in Berkeley. As if our studies weren't hard enough already. 
Need some advice for REU letter of recommendation
Oakland Police Trained Alongside Bahrain Military and Israeli Forces Prior to Violent Occupy Oakland Raid."Urban Shield 2011 was held on the University of California, Berkeley’s campus..."
senior portraits?
Only (near) Berkeley...
Watching the Super Bowl on Sunday? Keep an eye out for this guy.
“Urban Shield 2011 was held on the University of California, Berkeley’s campus...is it any wonder, then, why campus police brutally beat and arrested students in early November in a crackdown on its Occupy Cal encampment?”
Housing costs?
Looking for an alcohol middleman. I'll pay you $5 for your help or in equivalent value of top dog food.
High School student here! Do you guys have any basic school info for the interested?
I heard you like bSpace
Does anyone know what happened to Hamid, the owner of Telegraph Market?
What do non Student-Athletes feel of the new "High Performance Center" in front of the stadium?
How much do units matter?
Are there any good and cheap studio apartments around and close to campus?
GOLD OUT--Tomorrow 8pm, Haas Pavilion
Zeta Phi Beta Pledge Accuses Sorority Sisters of Beating, Hazing Her
Merit scholarship? 
Found this in one of the floor bathroom's at Cunningham (Unit 2)
Just a Reminder: Oakland Art Murmur Friday Feb. 3rd. Easily Accessible via AC Transit 1-line and/or BART.
UC Berkeley could lose up to $38 million if voters reject Gov. Jerry Brown’s tax hike
Login to AirBears with a single line of shell
What's the story behind the new buses?
Free Beer Tweason'ale and Baba Black Lager
Support our fellow berkeley student Emily T. in the CW street star competition
Support for our fellow Berkeley student Emily T for Street Star of the week. Voting ends at midnight
What's with the new buses?
[CSL] Starcraft fans, come check out your schools Starcraft 2 team this weekend as they play in THE BIG MATCH, and learn about the Collegiate Star League! Free to attend, more info inside (venue to be determined) :D
Berkeley crime maps?
Taking summer classes at Berkeley!
iPad as main computing tool?
UC campuses shift to be smoke-free - The Daily Californian
Occupy Cal to form new political party - The Daily Californian
Berkeleyized launches! - A crowdsourced news site for the people of Berkeley 
Let's give likealittle some more traffic. Right now its dead and depressing.
This year's Cal Football recruiting in a nutshell
Come one, come all!! DFA Berkeley launches!
Looking for apartments for next year. Does anyone have any advice / apartments for rent / the link to a secret website where cal students can rent places? seriously, why don't we have a website like that though..
Fuck you, Crossroads. -from my dearest coworker
I think I messed up big time by not majoring in CS or something else...
Badass Tree (original video courtesy poundpoundpound), now in convenient GIF form
Berkeley Co-Op Breakdown
Overhead Video of Police Trying -- and Failing -- to Arrest Occupy Oakland Protesters
Anyone have a used E7 reader for sale? (or an i-clicker)
Watch Out, We Got a Badass Over Here
G.H. Goddard's beautiful "birdseye" map/illustration of SF/Berkeley/Oakland as they appeared in 1876.  Great detail; 115+ megapixel image. [12,999px × 8,871px]
Question: How can I mark and highlight PDF files?
Don't do this at peak times! (Though I'm guilty)
UC Berkeley students cling to mystical murals
Cal Beats Stanfurd with a score of 69! What master trolls.
I see you wasting the best desks to browse reddit...
An objective look at Berkeley students
MCBcDNA
My view from Spens-Black
Questions about UCEAP/studying abroad
Upper div CS
Saxophonists?
Places to study northside at night?
Help me, Berkeley! &lt;Bonita House&gt;
Question: how do I calculate my GPA in the CoE? Thanks..
I have ADHD, I'm thinking of starting on Adderall, how does it affect you.
Points of Interest? 
Want to go bar hopping in Berkeley, any suggestions?
..So, my friend was mugged today.
Feels good man
salads aren't the same
Vote to see Chronicle early here at Berkeley!!!
Don't know if anyone here knows, but the Cal Bhangra Team (Punjabi cultural dance) placed second in Canada, and recently placed 1st in their past competition. These guys are legit!
Fire consumes local restaurant
Last Night, A Man Was Shot Multiple Times near Intersection of Ashby Avenue and Shattuck Avenue, Pronounced Dead at Hospital. 
Accurate Bay Area map (sorry for JPG)
EMACS-CEPTION!
Anyone seeing the Vlogbrothers on their Tour de Nerdfighting?
Shit Berkeley Students DON'T Say
Is my roommate depressed or something?
Do you need to have a California ID to have a medical marijuana license?
Hey UCB- I'm coming to visit your campus, what should I see?
Highlighting rented textbooks from Ned's?
Advice for non-Berkeley student seeking dialog with a Cal professor or two?
Best classes to sit in on?
What's the best DeCal you've taken?
Not sure if Sorority Chick Or Clown Dressed in Leather Boots - Futurama Fry | Meme Generator
What's the best date in Berkeley?
Next Wednesday, the UC Office of the President is hosting a very special Town Hall about how administrators should respond to protesters. TELL THEM NO POLICE VIOLENCE. 
Hi Berkeley reddit, I know you love design!
Does our UCB library let us borrow ebooks?
What's going on this weekend Berkeley peeps?
Letter From Reynoso Indicates UCD Police Not Cooperating With Investigation
The Oakland Commune
Letter From Reynoso Indicates UCD Police Not Cooperating With Investigation
I am putting on a (punk) record swap at 924 Gilman in Berkeley in February...thought I'd pass that info onto r/Berkeley.
UC Berkeley professor: Romney is in the top 0.0025% 
Anti-Technology at Berkeley
Two Questions: How do you deal with a sick roommate? How do you deal with a snoring roommate?
Grow a College Subreddit Competition: Swag Update
ordering transcripts free?
Some housing advice, if you please.
about the Undergraduate Economics Association…
If I live in Albany, what would be a good ISP?
The bar formerly known as Blake's
Best way to club in SF?
Secret Sunday 4:20 Sessions, Inaugural Event
Find the smallest bear statue on campus!
Cheap way to get to UCLA?
Anyone else feel a bit scared of this city?
Has anyone done a resume critique at the career center?
How does a school as big as Berkeley get away with having such a small weight room?
UC picks Richmond for new LBNL campus
Cool New Music Video by Berkeley Student
Cool Music Video from Berkeley student
Kyle Crews, a Berkeley student, on American Idol
Recommendations for tailors
URAP Statement of Interest Advice?
Can anyone direct me / create a chrome add on that allows me to sign in to shit like airbears, and calnet directly? please
What is there to do over spring break if one has to stay in Berkeley?
Need help installing Scala-NLP and Scalala; using an Ubuntu machine.
Never played IMs before but it's bothering me...what's the difference between CoRec and Open?
Anyone fancy starting a Astronomy club?
Internships?
Moving up to Berkeley
Last semester and wait listed for some classes. Need some advice...
Anybody looking to sell/get rid of their tv?
Occupy the Library
internet sucks 
Haas-hopeful extracurriculars/internship positions/work experience/etc.?
Haas-hopeful extracurriculars/internship positions/work experience/etc.?
How active is the Undergraduate Economics Association, if at all?
Does anyone know where I can find a math54 solutions guide for both even and odd?
Daily Kos: BREAKING: Police Fire Projectiles at Students from Occupy UC Riverside Protesting Board of Regents
Who's in Poetry for the People this semester? 
Tips for learning R
Beat the Clock today.
Does anyone know the story behind the new perimeter buses?
How I feel about all my UCR friends' FB posts about their Occupy movement..
Shit My Roommate Says
Are there any classes that are open still?
The rain has returned...
Any other Freshmen ents at Cal?
Getting to Cory
Any CS majors know if the department offers computer forensics courses?
Berkeley Engineers Help Protect Refugees from Rape  - A fuel-efficient cook stove means Darfuri women won't have to search for firewood — a trip that often exposes them to sexual assault. 
Free Software for Students (e.g. Microsoft Office)?
Graduate Student Stipend payout?
The only reason I like being back in Berkeley
Yoga in hearst-locker question.
Gymnastics for recreational purposes?
Any chess players in berkeley?
Bio 1BL: This Spring's First Lab.
Does anyone know when the Boxing Club meets?
What library has free printing?
Where can I take a self-defense class at Berkeley?
this earthquake weather has got me freezing inside!
This was me today...at 11:00am
Anybody have a History 4B reader?
Anyone taking Econ 175 by chance?
Engineering clubs or competition teams
How was your first day of class?
Has anyone taken the applied animal behavior decal?
Advice for Freshmen Engineers (by Terry Johnson)
Looking for undergraduate research as a sophomore. Any tips or suggestions?
Matlab
Is anyone else having trouble syncing the ninja courses schedule with Google calendar? It's a great feature that I would not want to miss, but I can't seem to be able to have the calendar display...
Math: In lecture 001, can I register for a 200-numbered discussion section?
Has anyone done the teach in prison decal?
Fake IDs?
Stats 20/21 textbook… third edition?
Stats 20/21 textbook... third edition?
Stats 20/21 textbook... 3rd edition?
Stat 20/21 textbook… 3rd edition?
stat 20/21 textbook… 3rd edition?
It's not what you know, it's what you can prove.
stat 20/21 textbook… 3rd edition?
Free Plastic Molecule Model Kit!
international version == us version?
EE40 with Maharbiz or EE42 with Nikejad
Free books: English, history, religious studies, children's, etc.
Last year my friend was in an aerial dance performance on 8th street in berkeley and this vid was something i slapped together from footage i shot at a rehearsal.
Anyone else coming back Monday? Or when did you go back?
Crazy music video made in the Bay. CAL alum is featured MC.
Graduating and looking for a job w/o any Internships/Extracurriculars
Student's desperate attempt to find a place to stay
The Berkeley Redditor's Karma Dichotomy
Apartments in Berkeley
math 54? fuck.
Any advice for these classes? (Math54 and EEP 100)
Alcatraz Island with Berkeley in the background
Is Lucy around??
Where to watch the 49ers-Saints Playoff Game near campus?
Think it's too much?
Winning shirt from the Threadless design contest 
Anyone down to skate around berkeley? 
Bio 1a and general book question!
Will L&amp;S CS be impacted next Fall?
Any ents on Berkeley Reddit?
any textbook selling websites?
Waitlists and number of units?
EECS/CS students, are you aware of the draft schedule?
What are the best cafes in Berkeley for working on your laptop?
Flair: ISF isn't an option on Flair
Friday meetup? late afternoon/evening?
Who's good at Rowing? 
Web Development?
How I felt meeting a fellow redditor here at Berkeley today.
Nov. 28, 2011: Academic senate passes resolutions condemning UC police beating of Occupy protesters
Teach the Budget
Nov. 28, 2011: Academic senate passes resolutions condemning UC police beating of Occupy protesters
Prerequisites?
Regarding waitlists...
Help! What should I do?
Looking for Jobs
Anyone planning on going to Coachella?
Anyone know when financial aid is going to pay out?
Enrolling in less than 13 Units in L&amp;S
Free textbooks - Simply Scheme and Linear Algebra &amp; Differential Equations (custom for UCB)
Cal Lecturer Arrested for Alleged Public Sexual Misconduct in Dwinelle Hall Bathroom. After Being Released, Files Federal Class-Action Lawsuit Over Alleged Violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment by University of California Police Department.
Getting into upper div CS classes (especially CS 161)
Civil or Mechanical Engineering?
Boxing Club?
the woes of a distraught CS/pre-Haas freshman—advice?
Haters Gonna Hate (Cal Football Edition)
Average top university rankings
Microsoft Office 2010 (Windows versions) now available for download
How do I prepare for CS 61A?
So how do you all wake up for your 8am classes?
What do you like/dislike about your GSIs?
Haters Gonna Hate! (Berkeley Edition)
Cal Drogo
Punching bags at the RSF?
Very low GPA, how can I change that this coming semester?
Judge dismisses claims of "anti-Semitic climate" at UC Berkeley
Physics major needing advice
anyone ever use comcastoffers to sign up for Internet? 
"How are you paying for school?
"
I'd like to volunteer to help those with eating disorders (in Berkeley or around the Bay). Does anyone know where I should start?
Saturday in Berkeley..
How does grad school admissions work?
UC Berkeley alum rappin' hard on classical hip-hop track with 8 cellos. word.
Protips for Looking for an Apartment?
RSF workout partner?
Uh.. where the party at?
Study tips for spring semester and beyond?
Live, work, or play in Elmwood? Join r/elmwood today!
So, I have to ask... 
Berkeley Enough
winter break dorm shipping policy
Diversity urged at UC Berkeley engineering school
HELP! Jannie is closed until Jan. 10.  I need a haircut TONIGHT for a job interview tomorrow.  Any ideas?
seems like my neighbor hates stepping on dog shit as much as i do
This is an awesome video my friend made for wired.com about the research I am currently involved in at UC Berkeley
UC Berkeley scientists design a robot with a tail and unprecedented acrobatic skills. 
Transcript Request - Frustrated Alum
2012 Cal football schedule released
Cal scientists find lizards' secret to robot success
Looking for a Band to play at a house party: with pay
The World Series of Beer Pong is streaming live today...
Only in Soda Hall
Need to someone to vent to?
Flooding on Bancroft and Shattuck
My favorite Stanford Cardinal right now
Ballet at the RSF
Dear whoever keeps leaving their hair in the shower...
Here's a panorama photo I took of the Occupy Berkeley camp a day before it was shut down.
Best printing place?
The human condition is fiction.
Going from Berkeley to Davis (and back)??
Why the University Bulldozing in People's Park Matters 
My latest favorite UC Berkeley Graduate
UC Berkeley Bulldozes People's Park to Make it More 'Sanitary'
any good places in berkeley/oakland to watch the ufc fight tonight?
Grow a College Subreddit Competition UPDATE: As a community we need to decide a few things about the distribution of prizes.
Research opportunities/internships for freshmen!
Flash: UC Berkeley Bulldozes People's Park to Make It More "Sanitary".
I'm selling physics coursework textbooks
Do people actually have sex with their GSIs?
Average first semester GPA?
Hey /r/berkely, what is the best way to get to lake Tahoe? 
How have budget cuts affected you?
Nice! Cal alum is redditor of the day
Lure of Chinese Tuition Squeezes Out Asian-American Students 
Best place to sell a textbook if it's the Berkeley edition?
Looking for some quick info for an international student.
I don't know if you guys are the people to ask, I'm in the dorms, and sometimes I was to have sex with my significant other, but (first world problems) our rooms are busy. Where the fuck do we go!?
ಠ_ಠ
How does the major declaration process work?
The differences btwn Cal, Berkeley, and UCB. It all makes sense now
Physics 7B Textbook Question
Cal State Rage
Aww hell yeah! Number 9 on the list of priciest dorms!
Can professors....
4th Prophecy
Is Berkeley courserank working for anyone else?
UC-Berkeley and other ‘public Ivies’ in fiscal peril - The Washington Post
How difficult is it to transfer from a CC to UC Berkeley? 
Help me out Bears!  Looking for an easy upper division class outside my major for the Spring.  Sorry for the last minute!
drove by 4th street last night and took this quick-and-dirty snapshot
Anyone know the reason why its called Telebears?
Hey Reddit, whatchya thinkin' about? [x-post from r/funny]
Wood burning banned in Bay Area on Christmas Eve
r/berkeley is quiet these days!
Can anyone tell me what sociology 1 is like?
Dean's list in college of chem? (and a few more basic questions)
So what's up with the ditch in front of Evans?
My dad isn't even Asian...
UC Berkeley Schedule Enhancer (UCBSE) - Added support for Schedule Builder
I tried to make Christmas cookies but ended up with Cal themed ones instead...
Intramural soccer
OChem Lab Concentration
Did anyone else get this? Or am I potentially f$%ked?
Just got a copy right notification "reminding" me not to file share. Has anyone else gotten one or am I in trouble?
How I felt when I got the "COPYRIGHT NOTIFICATION" email
After the Tents Fall at Occupy Oakland 
so i assume this reddit is only for cal students, not residents (according to flair link) - is there a city subreddit?
Volunteer opportunities on christmas eve and christmas in the east bay?
Is there a good club team around to stay in swimming shape?  
Berkeley Police VS. Occupy Berkeley 
Our Flair Bot is officially working again!
HELP! What are my chances of getting into Haas?
UC Berkeley email system to switch from CalMail to Google 
Campus Selects Google as New Email and Calendar Solution!
Google Apps for Education is going to replace CalMail
so basically I love Berkeley. First the adobe suit. fucking awesome. Then Microsoft for everyone. I love them. Now they are endorsing Google!? What more could I want?
Announcing Google as new campus email and calendar platform
Urgent Academic Advice Needed! D:
Why Don't You Go To Basketball Games?
"The Chancellor stood and announced, 'This has become an interrogation. This meeting is over'"
Good filler classes
Math 54 (Rezakhanlou) vs. CS70 (Sinclair): Which one should I take?
DAE think that it's unfair that we don't get our final exams back?
Berkeley Enough - Music Video [HD] 
Do classes till use the PRS? Anyone want one for free?
200 undocumented Pacific Steel workers lose their jobs
Trash at UC Berkeley
DJ Dave (Of "Whole Foods Parking Lot" and "Yoga Girl" fame does it again. "Berkeley Enough". More for townies than students, but here it is.
In Berkeley over Break? Let's smoke weed!
Apartments with washing machines?
Anyone else dislike the yellow thread titles?
President Yudof responds to tuition research from campus startup
The end result is neat, but at what cost?
It's awesome, but still...
want to take a 5-10 min survey and have a chance to win a $200 visa gift card?
Lyoto "The Dragon" Machida sporting some Cal gear (x-post from r/MMA)
Godddamn Physics 8B Professor
Facebook friending GSIs?
Damn Physics 8B Professor
Scumbag Nextbus
A couple of weeks ago the GSI for this class told us that past performance is a good indicator of the future
As a second year RA this drives me crazy
Is a C- for a major class considered passing?
Searched youtube for "UC Berkeley", this troll came up first ಠ_ಠ
I couldn't find a spot in the stacks...
Berkeley Post-Finals / Pre-Break Meetup
DAE really dig the Holiday e-card's design?
Major Lazer at the Warfield
Graduated and about to lose access to my Calmail account. What can I do?
Reminder: The reddit 2011 Christmas party is tomorrow!
How am I dealerless and dry in Berkeley of all places ಥ_ಠ
Respect for whoever left this in a lounge the last night of finals
Trying to get a head start on MCB 102 in the Spring
Cal ents, help me find a source for trees!
I normally hate memes, but this one hits close to home :D
How to not get hired as a Berkeley student
Social Sciences- nearing the end of finals, DAE find themselves pathologically repulsed by Microsoft Word Yet?
Would your professor do this a couple hours before the final?
Cosby Bear!
Just don't have the willpower anymore T.T...
Somehow forgot to review two novels and to read six poems. kldsjf;aksdnb 
Experience with leaving pets in Berkeley over break?
Physics final [fixed]
A ninja appeared during one of my finals.
Introduction to Buddhism Study Guide?
New years in berkeley?
New years in berkeley?
College Freshman in Doe
Deciding what classes to take next semester?
Grunbaum Math 54
I have a question about cog sci lower division courses!
studying in wheeler, the right way
Maharbiz Meme (EE40)
For anyone who needs to get pumped before a final...I'll leave this here. 
Finance
Physics final
UC Berkeley launches aid program for middle-income families
Final at 8 am?
Not sure if trying to be funny or just stupid
Not sure if stupid or trying to be funny
Be good to your parents.
Oh Putnam...
College Freshman
Oh Putnam....
Is there Beat the Clock this Friday?
Does anybody have a cap and/or gown that they'd be willing to part with?
Does anybody have a cap and/or gown that they'd be willing to part with?
Does anybody have a cap and/or gown that they'd be willing to part with?
Does anybody have a cap and/or gown that they'd be willing to part with?
Scumbag Professor Loves Review Sessions
UCB students have access to many of O'Reilly's computer and technology books online for free.
Going home after spending my first semester in co-ed dorms.
Free Microsoft Office and Windows 7 For all students!
A map of San Francisco’s subway system that almost was
Serious Question.... Fin Aid (passing fewer than 12 units).
Santas in the Stacks 
Non-Alcoholic Drinks at Bear's Lair
Non-Alcoholic Drinks at Bear's Lair
Santas in the Stacks!
Our meal points had to go somewhere...
Lost Scarf Awareness FREE BAKE"SALE" and SKILLSHARE, 4pm, Moffitt
This worked for me last time...
Is the school's bookstore the best place I can sell my books?
How I feel entering Finals
Good luck to everyone else with an 8 AM final who are spending their last minutes on reddit!
A2 Sized Transparent print.
Just another night in main stacks [fixed]
Senior Alex Kim Taken Into Custody, Police Citing "Mental Disorder" as Reason For Custody
What I expect to hear after the oil spill into Strawberry Creek:
1,700 gallon oil spill at UC Berkeley
1,700 gallon oil spill at UC Berkeley sends fuel into Strawberry Creek
Yosemite Bear (The double rainbow guy) is in Berkeley... AND HE CAME TO A PARTY AT MY HOUSE
LOST (at naked run): DEAD GRANDMOTHER'S SCARF.  List of amazing rewards offered.
Separate City of Berkeley Subreddit
Cal Liberal Arts Major
Crossroads always knows...
Spotted in Main Stacks. I feel ya man.
colonel sanders lives!
"Everywhere we go... It's just... Naked people
only during finals -______-
My psychology of sleep project!(1st post =])
Yep, sounds like typical Berkeley to me
Berkeley Student
Avey Tare 12/11/11
[MEET-UP] Next Meet-Up Planned for Dec. 16th. Details Inside.
Crosswalk Freshman
Campus Camo
Anyone know wheres a good place on near campus to watch the total lunar eclipse this morning?
A good friend of mine is turning 21 tonight, I'm 20 and Asian, I'll buy someone's extra ID  for 20 dollars, need for tonight.
Nekkid party in main stacks tonight
Just about how every final goes for me at Cal...
DAE advise against taking Math 1B and 53 concurrently? Anyone think it's a good/reasonable idea?
Can we get Nobel Prize Winner Saul Perlmutter on the Big Bang Theory?
How old are the oldest trees on campus and where are they located?
NaNoWriMo TGIO
Just another night in Main Stacks.
Can anyone tell me the UC Berkeley T Shirt font please?
I Spent Most of Yesterday At the Library...
Cats. Conning high college students everywhere into feeding them instead of studying for finals.
So apparently, Berkeley is the 7th most hipster campus in the US. 
Does anyone know what the deal is with the Segway jousting on Memorial Glade?
Breaking Trust: The Past and Future of the University of California
Flying home using Oakland Airport (OAK) this holiday? Berkeley Student? DON'T TAKE AIRBART!
This can't apply to me, I'm not a freshman...
Dead week
Hey there r/Berkeley! I'm a prospective transfer student and I had to ask...
Finals Week Problems at Cal
Same Finals Block
Look what I found today on an old Bones episode! They say it's University of Hogansburg, but I know better.
Guess what I found today on an old Bones episode? They say it was the University of Hogansburg in New York, but I know better.
OCF Printing and Lab Services to End After Spring 2012..
What are some things you wish you had known about Berkeley before you moved there?
This is but one of the reasons why I love Berkeley.
WTF! This was on the Wurster elevator on every damn floor... wonder who actually did it. 
Al Jazeera Opinion piece about UC Regents and the Pepper-Spray Incident
What's the story behind this place (near Pepe's Pizza)? It looks shady as fuck and was recently closed down
University of California, Berkeley, astronomers have discovered the largest black holes to date
Best Place to eat on Telegraph?
CoE asks HKN, TBP to take down test bank
Old Occupy cal police beating video: can anyone identify the guy in purple?
I didn't know Cal was making a Shanghai Engineering Campus
What's your favorite place to study and why?
UC Office of the President EXPOSED -- check out how much these guys make 0.o
I'm pretty good at this game... unfortunately 
Help a freshman EECS major with course advice!
does the class notes policy seem silly to anyone else?
Second best place for salad?
Lights are off in the stacks...
Habanero part 2: the followup (and free peppers)
Reminder: there is a textbook trade subreddit for Berkeley.
Dont be a sucker.. Swap your textbooks
So Cal is trying to decide between using Google Apps (Gmail) or Microsoft Live as the back-end for CalMail. I think the students should let Cal know which one is better! Help get the word out. 
Goodbye Raleigh's, Mario's, and Intermezzo - Before &amp; After photos 
Senioritis...Anyone know how to go about taking fewer than 13 units?
Trying to catch a bus in Berkeley
Main stacks lights turned off?
Why is Berkeley so unattractive?
The r/Berkeley 12/3 meetup was a success! 
It looks like it's going to be Cal and Texas in the Holiday Bowl!
Where to find a habanero pepper?
Cal to play in the Holiday bowl on Dec 28th at 6pm
Fire trucks every weekend=alcohol OD?
UC Davis Pepper Spray - What Really Happened
Prior to being pepper sprayed, protestors at UC Davis "trapped the police and demanded the release of those they had arrested before they would be allowed to leave."
Physics exchange student.
Roll Call: Reddit Berkeley Meet up Saturday, December 3rd. 5-8pm
UC's crisis, more than a police problem
Reddit I Need Your Help!
Anoncon Fall 2011 Has Started - post your confessions and join us in chat...
Calmail update: web clients working but will be down Sunday 8-11am (detail at link) 
Are course evaluations used for anything other than for the professor?
I Lost my teal Samsung touchscreen phone :(
Don't miss tonight: A Dialogue Between Cornel West and Carl Dix
Question: how do I forward messages from Calmail to Gmail now that they have fucked up the system?
Evaluation forms for the Dean
For anyone taking cs61b
wheru.com check in based service for colleges. Open beta! (xpost r/startups)
So true (x-post from r/adviceanimals)
telebear.
Ever had a crush on someone in a class, but didn't have the courage to say anything about it? 
Streaking in main stacks?
Dead week
The Regency
Help /r/Berkeley, I need to pick another class for this upcoming semester, any ideas?
Does anyone know if there is a woodshop Berkeley students can somehow get access to on campus? 
So, uh... Who's the famous guy with the entourage on campus right now?  He just left FSM cafe.
"A Background Check on the UC Davis Pepper-Spray Investigator
William Bratton once urged Brown University to arm its cops"
Public Drinking in Berkeley City on Campus
Submitted my application yesterday.
Graduate Poli Sci courses as Undergrad
Graduate-level engineering classes?
my fees are hella high! (UCD student!)
Information on CalNet/CalMail service interruptions
Everyone fretting over CalMail, fear no more!  A trained team of specialists is fixing the problem. Check out their live webcast!
First Music Video-- Can You Dig It??
Are people having troubles with Calmail and bspace yet again today?
DeCal class?  Make it happen.
Squelch comedy show this Friday
Found a notebook on Hearst and Euclid
Meetup this Saturday, December 3rd to celebrate end of this semester!!!
This happens a lot when I write something that will be graded.
Is there anybody here who goes to Berkeley High School who would like a subreddit for Berkeley High?
Tang Center condom questions
GUYS I THINK IT'S TIME TO STOP PROTESTING...
Despite Angry Protests, UC Regents Raise Administrators' Salaries
Loud roommates, amirite?
Help with classes
German Shepherd in the Hearst Mining Pool
"Displaced tenants struggle to find housing after apartment building fire
"
Fucking Calmail
Does anyone have a microwave they don't want?
Calmail...
Berkeley Faculty Votes to Condemn Chancellor for Police Violence
Finals craziness approaches in the main stacks
Berkeley Problems
Chem 4A Rage/Victory
Angelo Mosca (73yo) and Joe Kapp (73yo) fight at CFL benefit
internet is down in apartment where are the best places with wifi around and on campus
Yudof's way of giving the middle finger to the protesters
UC Berkeley Police open letter to students, regents - San Jose Mercury News
This probably belongs in both r/wtf and r/berkeley...(SFW)
Little hint for bSpace
Coming back from break, via BART
Call for silent demonstration, November 28: Please join us as we gather this Monday, beginning at 2pm, in front of the International House.
Call for silent demonstration, November 28: Please join us as we gather this Monday, beginning at 2pm, in front of the International House.
Adding a double major in 4th year
Man I miss Jahvid Best
went for a late night run around campus and saw a deer on the lawn front of Bechtel
Physics 8a?
Did anybody else receive $5.00 (cash) in a nondescript envelope from UCB?
Did anybody else receive $5.00 (cash) in a nondescript from UCB? 
Getting loans for study abroad
Unscheduled CalMail Outage, ETA 11/28/2011 (Database corrupt)
Andronico's on Telegraph is closing
I love the Thanksgiving Parade! Happy Thanksgiving!
Letter to Yudof and Regents from California Scholars for Academic Freedom
HELP! Is anyone going to SFO in the next 3-4 hours?
Hip Young Gunslingers Wanted, or Where to Play Loud in Berkeley
So, I need a place to live in Berkeley/Oakland. Reddit, GO!
What should I do in Berkeley during Thanksgiving break?
How the University of California Regents Spin Public Money into Private Profit
What are some campus resources that you take advantage of that other people don't?
Investor’s Club: How the UC Regents Spin Public Funds into Private Profit
What are some campus resources that you take advantage of but not many other people do?
Professors have our back: Berkeley Academic Senate responds to administration's mishandling of protests
Latest on the winnings of the Grow a College Subreddit Competition
Dear Mark Yudof: The Cemetery You Manage Can Hear You
The Chancellor’s Statement On How “Professionally” Police Dealt With Protesters Was Written The Day Before the Protest
Transportation to Oakland Airport for 6 am flight?
TIL: Sutardja Dai Hall is named after a couple who graduated from Berkeley- Sehat Sutardja and Weili Dai.
Birgeneau's Audio Apology to November 9th Victims
Subletting a place for Spring Semester
VIDEO (Watch Before It's Removed) Anonymous Says It's Going After Police Brutalizing #Occupy Protesters. First Up, #OccupyUCDavis Lt. Pike. Give out his cell, home address etc... "flood his home with pizzas"
How to Stop Andrew Luck- Big Game 11-19-2011
IEOR Seminar?
I just turned in the very last problem set of my undergraduate career.  
Police Review Board public meeting - Dec 1st. Let them know what you think!
[TAHOE SEASON PASS: COLLEGE STUDENTS] Awesome Savings on Alpine, Kirkwood, Homewood Season Pass
Looking for folks to attend Comedy shows with? Please join SF Bay Area Comedy Club Lovers.
Donations for Berkeley student who lost everything in the Telegraph fire.
Bhangra (Punjabi dance) Flash Mob!!!
Officers from Davis put on leave
Every single time I find a new class I wanna take.
Look at the Puppy. (found in Tan Hall)
A common problem when going home...
Open University at Occupy Cal
Berkeley home to the biggest wealth gap in the Bay
Who wants to start a business with me?
UC President Mark Yudof response to Berkeley/Davis police actions: "I am appalled by images of (...) students being doused with pepper spray and jabbed with police batons (...)
UC Davis Chancellor Katehi walks to her car
#UNIFYBAYAREA
My friend is 500 meal points over. What should he do to get rid of them?
Want to Support the Davis Students?  Helpful Links:
At Occupy Berkeley, Beat Poets Has New Meaning - NYTimes.com
the BIG GAME Leggo Cal! 4th quarter's ours!
"Om nom nom" said the protestors
A few shots of Raleigh's/Intermezzo/Sequoia Apts aftermath, from as close as I could get
Open Letter to Birgeneau from a Cal parent
Because he is the hero that Berkeley deserves...
Telegraph fire pictures from my apartment
A few pics from last night's bonfire. 
Is Raleigh's destroyed?
A few shots I took of the Telegraph fire tonight.
Fire breaks out at apartment building on Telegraph Avenue
Berkeley Fire - Rooftop Flames
FIREEEEEEEE!!!! (Sequoia Apartments @ Telegraph and Haste)
Fellow students at UC Davis
Following in the footsteps of UCPD: UC Davis police officers pepper spray seated, passive protesters earlier today
Big building fire at Haste &amp; Telegraph. Cafe Intermezzo and Raleigh's closed
delta chi xmas party
Thanksgiving Break
Scumbag Protesters
Good used bookstores in the area?
Live stream of Big Game?
When Hope Returns (A poem for the 99%), By Josh Healey
Has anyone used Zimride?
To those of you who went to Big Freeze (stanford vs. cal hockey).....
What happens to the bonfire rally if it rains tonight?
Occupy Cal: Our real motive
You keep using that word — I don’t think it means what you think it means
Looking for ride to and fro Big Game
Our campus is not a war zone - The Daily Californian
Trouble Calls! (batman signal light)
Is that the Bat Signal...on the Campanile...?
Occupy Perseverance
The face of OccupyCal
Took this from on top of the GBC on Tuesday.  Thought you rebels might like it.
Berkeley beats Stanford in IBM Watson vs Cal vs Stanford Jeopardy game! ..and almost beats Watson too. Congrats!
When Hope Comes Back, by Josh Healey
Video: Occupy Cal protesters float tents in a playful rejoinder to the UCPD
Final Reminder: Reddit Meetup Tomorrow!
Banners verboten, but axes okay
Floating Tents
Luck barely beats out Steve Buscemi for 13th Sexiest Man Alive
Cal Bears who want to organize an ANTI-OccupyCal movement...What do you think, BReddit?
VIDEO OF ROBERT REICH at #OCCUPYCAL: I urge you to be patient...every social movement in the last half-century...started with a sense of moral outrage...specific demands came later."
You mean MORE - depression/suicide prevention club at Cal 
How to buy big game tickets?
I humbly beseech you /r/Berkeley- help us get an A! I know it's dumb but, the more clicks we get, the higher our grade...
Just a dumb video project but we could use /r/berkeley's help!
[Occupy Cal] Bulldozers are on Sproul.  Shit just got real..
Massive police raid at Occupy Cal
A quick request for Berkeley protesters
Occupy Berkeley makes another appearance on the Colbert Report 
A decent anti-cop video
It's a Big Game week miracle!
After all midterms and research papers complete.. 
Question about flair...
Emergency Alert System: FAIL
C'mon Berkeley, I thought we were more internet savvy than this
The Police Riot at Berkeley: If They'll Beat a Poet Laureate, Will They Kill a Student?
Occupy California: Portraits of the 99% (Berkeley)
UC Berkeley Chancellor Birgeneau bizarrely compares yesterday's shooting of student to Kent State and Virginia Tech
Shooter's Name Release
With everything going on, this seemed appropriate: Shane Koyczan: This is my voice. [VIDEO]
All the things at Occupy Cal
Award video given by security firm Allied Barton to the now deceased gunman Chris Travis. 
Video Game Launch Party---Assassin's Creed: Revelations
Why the UCPD was right in calling linking arms violent.
Robert Reich's Occupy speech - full length
Vid and Pics of OccupyCal After Party: Crowd Clears, Music Blares and Pot Fills the Air 
What I saw this morning walking to class.  I have a feeling the owner of the mattress got his just come-upins
What I saw this morning.  I have a feeling that the owner of the mattress shouldn't have fucked with the prankster.
Berkeley shooter is confirmed dead. He was an undergrad transfer student.
Big Game transportation
Haas Shooter Died This Morning
Haas shooting suspect undergrad? No deceased?
FAP Abroad [SFW]
Best sign at Sproul Plaza?
Does anyone have video footage of the last poet/Mario Savio Award winner from the rally?
VIDEO: #OccupyCal Facilitator Giving Final Tally To Pitch Tent
UC Berkeley likes staying up-to-date
UC Berkeley staying up-to-date
Robert Reich Speaks at Occupy Cal
Seriously DROP/STOP EVERYTHING and help TRASH THIS BILL! 
Robert Reich, who did an AMA this year, addressing the huge occupy crowd on Sproul today
Should've known this protest would turn into a giant dance party.
Cal hosts Stanford in the Big Freeze this Thursday!
Conan O'Brien and Robert Reich
Occupy
IRONY ALERT: Ivy league student condemns Occupy Berkeley protestors as "disgusting, entitled, self-centered children".
Sproul right now. 
UC Berkeley Chancellor offers solution amidst criticism over handling of ongoing #occupy actions (x-post from /r/pics)
Any MLG Providence ApartmentCraft action going on this weekend?
Live stream of the Occupy Cal events!
Occupy Cal Mario Savio Speech (from Free Speech Movement 1964)
Chancellor Birgeneau Discovers Caps Lock, Changes Tune
Where to watch Robert Reich live?
Berkeley Shooting - was in computer lab just before shooting
Can someone please explain to me...
OccupyCal protest today
PHOTOS: Lounges in Lieu of Tents: Scenes from the Occupy Cal 'Strike' this afternoon
Stanford students support Cal students!
Thank you WarnMe for not notifiying me at all -__-
Thank you, Warn Me system, for notifying everyone 30 minutes late
Looking for live stream of tonight
Another message from the chancellor
The strike, from my office
Shooting at Haas?
Pictures from the 2pm rally at Sproul Plaza
"WAKE UP SHEEPLE THE POLICE ARE GUNNING US DOWN BECAUSE THE 1% DOESN'T WANT MINORITIES TO GET AN EDUCATION!
UPVOTE TO SUPPORT THE CAUSE"
shooting at Haas School of business
Individual Shot at Haas School of Business
I didn't realize that Physics 7A was so impacted during Spring, and now the class is full. Any suggestions on what to do?
Gun Shots at Haas?
Best College QB since who?!
Best College QB since who?!
Scumbag BAMN Lawyer
CAMPUS FLASH MOB WEDNESDAY (11/16)
Why do you hate stanfurd?
Totally guilty of this freshman year..Screw you, Pimentel!
Stanford Students React to Protests
Secret video of UC Regents meeting! 
New NinjaCourses: ScheduleBuilder
★ THE OPEN UNIVERSITY! ★ Schedule for Tuesday Nov. 15
Police brutality: some questions
Cal teaches its own to question authority by imposing a faceless, soul-crushing bureaucracy upon its students.
DAE wonder how this has not devolved into anoncon+ ?
Lazy Berkeley "Occupier"
List of the (completely ridiculous and obnoxious) demands of the "Open University Strike Day and Action"
http://www.calexpo2011.com/
Only in Berkeley...
Chancellor's message regarding last week's events on campus
Fresh message from the Chancellor regarding the Nov. 9 Occupy Cal confrontation
Sign the petition to have Birgeneau and others resign 
View from my house
Day before Chemistry Midterm!
Searching for a running partner...
Tuesday Nov. 15 Strike and Open University
"We are Anonymously Talking about Uc Berkeley, Join 
to talk"
Tuesday Strike Schedule
Schedule of Events for Tuesday Strike
View from my apartment (taken 11/13/11)
"We are Talking about Uc Berkeley, Come to Chat 
about Uc Berkeley Anonymously"
Big Game!!!!
Occupy Cal Witnessed
UC Movement for Efficient Privatization: On Tuesday, November 15, UCMeP calls on all its allies to push the privatization struggle to its limit. Help UCMeP keep the public property of the University California in private hands and join our struggle to “Mockupy Cal.”
Sterling Logistics | Sameday Courier Services, Global Logistics Solution
View from my office
Hey guys, I'm just going around all of the college/education related subreddits and trying to tell people about r/studentperks which is a place to get advice and links to good things for students. Check it out if you can!
View from my office
Econ 1 help
Can anyone photoshop a picture of a bear eating the Stanfurd logo?
Relevant Berkeley IMA For Bio Majors (Found in the IMA subreddit, not me just thought I'd let people here read it)
Video Game DeCals - looking for info
Police to Occupy Cal protester, after cracking his rib with baton blow: "You have no rights." (x-post from r/politics)
Reddit Meetup November 18th! More updates
ಠ_ಠ facebook, get it right
Berkeley students being beaten to the sound of San Francisco
Cal Band- "The Indie Show"
Hey, r/berkeley, what about organizing an event on Sproul where we all try to set the Guinness Book of World Records for arm-linking?
Open Letter Condemning Excessive Police Action (please sign- over 800 signatures so far)
IAMA: An Undergrad that got beat on the 9th (also the guy who organized 1st berkeley reddit meetup here)
UC Berkeley's Theatre Department is performing An Ideal Husband by Oscar Wilde this weekend and next!
Result of Occupy Cal
AMA Request: Anyone who got beat in the protest
Regents are the 1%
Scumbag Chancellor Birgeneau
Scumbag Channellor
UC Berkeley Professor Emeritus Charles Schwartz's "Critiques of the University"--A series of damning essays and analysis revealing the UC administration to be corrupt and incompetent
Hey Occupy Berkeley - my photo project "Portraits of the 99%" is heading your way this Wednesday! 
Anyone a Psych major?
New Video of Nov. 9th State vs. Tents showdown, footage of the evening raid and gathering (Skip to 5:00 for action - the student who gets beat on attempted to defend himself)
How the UC budget cuts and fee hikes are not inevitable but are the result of administrative and governmental decisions: key reading for anyone interested in the UC financial crisis
Shame on the administration that allowed this, and the cops who executed those orders. This is unacceptable. They need to step down.
Does anyone know whats up with the herd of bikes accompanied by loud music?
Undergraduate Public Health Major? How hard is it to get in?
This is that time
Thank You, UCPD
My friend at Cal Dining catered a Chancellor's diner this summer
Thank You, UCPD
Link arms?
I like it when their bones snap
Anyone having trouble with the Berkeley proxy right now?
Cal Bears vs. Oregon State at At&amp;T Park, Nov 12
A Tale of Two Colleges...  Misplaced Priorities and Unrest at UC Berkeley &amp; Penn State 
UC police Capt. Margo Bennett on Occupy UC Berkeley: "The individuals who linked arms and actively resisted, that in itself is an act of violence...I understand that many students may not think that, but linking arms in a human chain when ordered to step aside is not a nonviolent protest."  
The Colbert Report: Occupy U.C. Berkeley
Colbert on Occupy Cal
colbert on occupy berkeley
Occupy Cal movement catching on
Question: What happened to Billy?
This is how being in an EECS class feels like.
Question for /r/berkeley: how would you deal with the state budget cuts? And why are we protesting against the administration, rather than the state?
"Police attack occupy protesters in Berkeley, California
"
I don't want to live on this planet anymore...
Land a date within minutes, seriously.
Anyone else notice how vitriolic the comments in the articles about the Cal protest are?
On a different note, who's going to Gamestop to Occupy Skyrim tonight!?
The Chancellor's response to yesterday's protests:
Higher tuition is good for (most) students
Thought you guys would appreciate this. [Fixed]
Thought you guys would appreciate this.
my account of sproul, wednesday night
Thought this was appropriate.
Triangle Man returns!
Administrative bloat in the UC's wastes $600M a year
What is the goal of Occupy Cal? (Serious question)
History repeats itself
5 Police Officers take down 1 Student
CalTV Occupy Cal coverage
CalTV Occupy Cal coverageb
END ALL MONEY IN POLITI- mic check... testing... 1, 2, 3... TAKE AWAY MONEY FROM GOVER- mic check... mic test... testing... testing...
Scumbag UC Berkeley student
The Golden Bear Awakens - thoughts on #OccupyCal and the new media era
Occupy Cal: Police Brutality
Video from a few days ago of UCPD training how to lay the beat down on students (taken at the field near Barrows)
Occupy Cal calls for Strike on Tuesday Nov. 15 
Berkeley Freshman
Nov. 18th Reddit Meetup!
Occupy Cal vantage point
Berkeley Students: Please join OccupyCal so we can facilitate our movement through reddit
Occupy Cal Protest going on RIGHT NOW
The Cry of the 99
Please come support Occupy CAL on sproul
Occupy within an Occupy within an Occupy!
CalTV raw footage - Occupy Cal and UCPD violence
Question about a proposal: If you support OWS and want to really make CAL hear you: withhold tuition.
WE NEED MORE STUDENTS
Occupy Cal Livestream
Berkeley Alumni: I'm going to pledge never to donate another cent to UC Berkeley because of the actions of the UCPD on 11/9/11
Earthquake? How safe will you be! Here is the list with all the answers. 
View from Sproul- Occupy Berkeley 11/09/11
Like Electronic Dance Music? 
TIL Tolman, Evans, and Kroeber were all designed by the same architect . . . who later committed suicide.
What headlines should read:  " PROTESTS AT UC, engineering classes completely unaffected."
Police brutality at Occupy Cal, 11.9.2011
Daily Cal's live blog for the Occupy CAL protest
Video of police beating students with batons at the rally today on Sproul (11/9/11)
This is what democracy looks like! Students at #occupyberkeley protect their final tent.
UC Berkeley students face down police over tents set up near Sproul Hall - San Jose Mercury News
Berkeley leaders refuse mutual aid agreements - San Jose Mercury News
Protesters vote to set up Occupy Cal camp at UC Berkeley  | Berkeleyside
UCPD attacked peaceful protesters
November 9th Walkout...
UCB Gusta
New Sofa at 60% off Retail in Berkeley! Grab it while the Deal is on! 
Cool Site: My Awesome Friend's Blog for all you Math/Science People
Tips for selling textbooks?
OH HAI JOSH
Berkeley Student Bear Goes to Asia...
Automobiles..
Hey Bears: care to share some advice for a Fall 2012 applicant?
What restaurant(s) must every Berkeley resident hit up at least once?
Maynard making all the right reads
Who are the UC Regents?
is that "new to /r/berkeley?" thing annoying to other people?
Hey Bears, is Hate Man still around?
Nov. 9th Occupy Cal
Any fellow redditors currently in English 117S by any chance?
Cal Men's Basketball has 2 games this weekend, both are free for all students.
Cal senior looking for fun class suggestions!
berkeley hipsters
Cal's life simplified. 
LIKE THIS VIDEO TO HELP UCBCKI WIN $1000 FOR UNICEF's ELIMINATE PROJECT!
Remember Remember the 9th of November
Occupy Channing Circle!
Cal Band
CalTV interviews Phantogram
Berkeley Firefly Decal!!!!!!!!!!!!! please fill out petition if interested!!!!!!!!!
Cal Band Love Show (Cal-WSU halftime show)
Remember, remember the 9th of November
Paranoid Parrot at Cal
Potential Meet-Up Nov. 18th, or Nov. 20th
IAMA UCB GSI in an L&amp;S Department. AMA!
November 4th reddit meetup pictures are up! (sorry for the wait)
I made this to impress my nerdy girlfriend
any cal tf2 groups?
Berkeley why you no let me graduate in 4 years?!
Everyday Berkeley Paranoia 
I made this to impress my nerdy girlfriend
Trolling ideas for Gameday at the farm?
Berkeley Fail! 
New Heuristic Squelch
So this is basically my life right now.
Tedford's conference performance in the Pac-10 (2002-2010)
Slam Poetry
3 day weekend coming up!
What are some clubs, organizations, or interesting events to go to for meeting new people?
Best sign you've seen on Telegraph?
Is Wheeler Hall open on weekends?
My fellow Cal students, I need help with an assignment
My reaction to whenever there's an earthquake
why do the FSM bathrooms always smell like shit?
anyone play street fighter 4?
Did anyone else have Chipotle yesterday and is feeling sick today?
Where are the poker games?
Reddit meetup (November 4th) HUGE success (AGAIN!)
Reddit Berkeley IRC channel - #reddit-berkeley on freenode
Anyone getting MW3?
Looking to play DND. Who is down?
Would Cal students be interested in a Lan center?
We hit 2000 Bears!!
Anyone going to Lan B4 time tomorrow?
As if I didn't already have enough problems taking a shower in the dorms
How about that E7 midterm today?
Anyone going to the Radiolab show tonight?!
Hi /r/berkeley! I'm publicizing for the last Theatre Rice show THIS weekend and I'l like to share with you some TR-themed meme posters I made!
An idea for r/berkeley
WE MADE IT!
Professor Richard Muller is giving a colloquium on Monday about his Koch Brothers-funded, global warming confirming study of earth's surface temperatures 
Professor Meuller is giving a colloquium on Monday on his Koch-Brothers'-funded, global-warming-confirming studies.
Has anyone else seen the "grout" stuff written in Men's restrooms?
Why Science Majors Change Their Minds (It’s Just So Darn Hard) - NYTimes.com
Mario Savio &amp; DnB
Can we change the color of the top bar to the actual school color? (Yale Blue)
Are freshman seminars worth it?
SF State professor apologizes for Berkeley quake email that went viral
Exotic Muntjac deer loose, in danger, César Chávez Park
Is there a way to keep your iphone logged into AirBears
REDDIT MEETUP TOMORROW OMFGFOGMFOGMFOGMFOGMFGOM
I can haz Cider?
Please help out in Oakland if you can.
Korean Drums...
IT'S COMING
A friend's Sociology 167 project- quick little video about perception and assumptions
Showing of King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters in 740 Evans at 5 PM Today 11/3/2011
Homelessness in Berkeley
Best snacks to keep in dorm?
Is Patelco the best credit union in Berkeley? What do you guys think of credit unions in general?
Occupy protesters march to UC president's office
TIL that the 5th floor of Dwinelle is not actually floor E, its floor S
Berkeley Y U NO Coffee Bean? 
LGBTQ peoples!
Stream of Occupy Oakland marches Nov. 2
Berkeley League of Legend Players?
Foosball table in Berkeley?
Important update on Friday's meetup. Moved to I-House. Still on this Friday (Nov 4th) 5pm-8pm
Dear r/Berkeley, I have a question for you
apartment in Berkeley
http://lal.com/berkeley
Worried about earthquakes? New Berkeley robotics could save your life!
Occupy Oakland?
7 of his total 10 this year were against U$C and UC Los Angeles
Anyone know some good planking spots on campus?
How I feel, looking out my window in Berkeley right now.
Parking spot on southside?
Pick up basketball games at the RSF
Success Kid on the SLC
Please fill out my survey, FOR SCIENCE! 
After an RA called the cops on our floor, we decided to get back at her with Oblivious RA...
Calling all wannabe game designers!
Screw you Telebears!
Calling all wannabe game designers!
haha oh Bank of America....trolling us all
How I feel when my essay has reached the minimum page count
Hey Reddit, Please Help My Friend Out In This Rigged Competition
What type of voodu magic is this?
Chocolate covered bacon on campus today
Will it be possible for a legal california resident to apply for gov. jerry browns California Dream Act which gives illegal immigrants eligibility to receive state financial aid to attend California universities and community colleges?
So, uh, what about that college subreddit contest?
Birthday venues in Berkeley?
IAMA Member of the Board of Directors of the Berkeley Student Cooperative (“the co-ops”), and a full-time Cal student. AMA!
My Halloween at Berkeley
Happy Halloween, here's my friend dressed as the Campanile!
Has anyone taken the Femsex Decal? 
Tele-bears: like trying to win free concert tickets
Update on Reddit Berkeley Meetup (Friday, Nov 4th)
Did one of you troll my math lecture?
Vote for my suitemate Samantha and for Berkeley in this national fashion competition hosted by Whitney Port and BlackBerry!
Happy Halloween
If you've never seen Russell Street on Halloween, it's awesome. You should check it out tonight!
Question about Math 53 and 54
Occupy CS61A
It's time for round 2!
how i feel walking to class while passing Sproul at noon
They got that Super Bass.
Happy Halloween!
Major help
The concerns of UC and Berkeley Police as of late...
Need to borrow a financial calculator
Undergraduate Marketing Class
Hungry? Forever Alone?
What kind of math background do I need for Econ 1?
Anyone sharing the pain that is MCB102 studying right now?
"Just a little bit of bear pride of Halloween
	"
TIL there's a website where you can monitor laundry machine availability in the dorms and sign up to be notified when your laundry is done!
The Stanford Flipside &gt;&gt; Stanford Offers Refund of $200 Per Rainy Day
Easy classes for L&amp;S Biological Sciences requirements?
NaNoWriMo Kickoff Party
okay, who did it...
The 1980s: The decade of "The Play" and THIS
She's doing it right. 
okay, who did it
Reinstate the tax exempt status of Graduate Student Stipends | The White House
Halloween Parties?
Help me find a halloween party please?
classes with same final group
Really, AC Transit?
just watch this and help us with a class assignment!
For people taking a class with Paul Hilfinger.
Super Secret Berkeley Writing Club
someone's sick trick on campus..
midterm season in main stacks..
Would it be cool or terrible if Berkeley had a general strike like Oakland?
Anyone know where I can find a bunch of empty classrooms?
anyone else going to the kevin smith red state screening and jay &amp; silent bob get old live podcast at the castro tonight?. . .
Is E7 possible to get into for L&amp;S kids?
Easy upper-div course in Astro, Bio, Chem, EPS, etc.?
Can anyone explain this? Lab section with only one spot?
The dangers of skipping physics at Stanford (X-post from pics)
Scumbag 51B...
I heard you like bspace
Anyone doing Applied Math with a biology-type concentration? 
Pass/No Pass
Any idea why E28 is showing up as full with only 8 people?
Study for midterms? Psh. I got a better idea. To the office supply store!
Michael J Fox visits Berkeley.
Alright, planning time!  If the big earthquake does happen, where's the first place I should run to start looting?  
At least someone likes the earthquakes...
Is it just me, or is Calmail on the fritz?
Best Milkshake
feels bad man
Any game clubs?
Response to the "53%" Counterprotest of the "99%" Movement...Written by one of the "1%"
Spring 2012 - Chem 3A/3AL or Bio 1B?
Earthquake!
i don't know why i do this while walking past flyer-ers
Is Programming Knowledge past 61a required for CS 170
Journey to the End of the Night SF
If anyone here keeps up with the CSL, we're currently #1! (Starcraft II)
Good AC classes?
Anthro 171?
Stanford Table Jump Fail (x-post from r/videos)
Stanfurd kid tries to jump a table
HARD, anyone? (or any other Halloween massives)
The best lecturers of Berkeley. Who are your favorites?
Favorite bathroom on campus?
Berkeley Grad Students Make a Music Video...
Does anyone know of any good (public) halloween parties in the EB or SF?  
car plowed into hair salon on euclid
TIL a real life example of a Quantum Physics phenomenon
what do you think about when you're walking alone on campus?
TOWER HEIST - free advance screening
How I feel everyday..
Hey everyone! If you've got a couple minutes, help out Berkeley Consulting by taking this quick survey!
EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson to speak about the EPA and the impact of budget cuts on environmental regulation--November 3, Boalt 105 
Which is more useful: a minor EECS or a minor Energy and Resources and why?
Official University Policy
Man Man @ Lower Sproul! Right now!!
If only...
I feel kind of bad for the guy... Anyone seen him recently?
Bike stolen...where should I look to find it?
my favorite part of noon on sproul
I guess trying to prepare is useless.
Bus plows into tree on Hearst. Nifty! Anyone see it?
Berkeley Prof Richard Muller Admits He Was Wrong About Global Warming [xpost from science]
"Going to a party early	"
What??? ANOTHER Reddit Berkeley meetup?! WHAT IS THIS MADNESS 
What I do multiple times a day
Spotted on Sproul Hall 
What I've noticed at crossroads
What I do multiple times a day
Halftime show Cal Utah 10/22/2011
Taking CS61A with little prior programming experience - any online resources I can use to prepare?
duh fuh bSPace?
CalTV Entertainment Blog
I just got into the business field and I need advice/critiquing. 
Chem 135 or MCB 102....the dilemma!
MATLAB or Python?
easy A GPA boosting class (classes that have A average)
Tolman Y U No
Climate skeptic admits he was wrong to doubt global-warming data - latimes.com
R1B
Anybody in Berkeley or the Surrounding areas want to buy a copy of Battlefield 3 for xbox 360?
Hey /r/berkeley, don't want to pay Bank of America fees? CUBS is a good alternative
In-State Tuition
Help with midterms?
Telebears Oracle
hmmmm...
Any advice for UC applicants?
Cal backgrounds
L&amp;S CS vs. EECS
Cal Band - DJ Turn It Up Show
Safe to go running at night around Berkeley? Hobos? Stories?
are there any sports bars that show ufc?
Li Ka Shing Center for Biomedical and Health Sciences  will be open for classes this spring!
Thinking about getting a Medical Marijuana card, advice?
Would it be better to get a B.A. or a B.S. in Environmental Economics &amp; Policies?
"any single korean girls who enjoy talking about 
science? holllurrrr"
3.9 earthquake? [x-post from /r/bayarea]
What did San Andreas tell Hayward about the recent earthquakes?
CUBS Credit Union?
IN YOUR FACE, YOSHUA!
Question about bars in Berkeley
Bezerkeley: Video of some of the "interesting" people hanging around Cal
ANOTHER EARTHQUAKE
Bar Buddy??
i'm bored
Anybody else go to the 2011 BERC Energy Symposium?
Anyone going to see Daedelus tonight?
Halloween plans?
Gourmet College Dinner
Emergency Maneuvers! (Grow a College Subreddit Competition)
Can you find it?! [X-post from r/finddit]
Can you cancel a housing agreement... easily?
Bat infected with rabies found in Berkeley: Caution advised 
Just making the daily rounds..
Those two earthquakes today were no coincidence...
Slowpoke on Current Events
Always late to Tolman
TIL the longest movie ever made is 10 hours long
Someone knew this was coming...
Why I'm terrified right now...
The Most Interesting Man at Berkeley today
ANOTHER EARTHQUAKE OMG!
AGAAAAIN
Need your Halloween fix? Check out our Haunted House tonight or tomorrow!
A fire more destructive to Berkeley than 1991 Firestorm 
I need your help, Cal students and Berkeley locals!
To whoever lives on Webster and College...
OMG WE'RE ALL GONNA... oh wait
Cal Men's Basketball ranked #24 in the preseason poll.
I do a comedy news show about Berkeley, and this week we PREDICTED THE FUCKING EARTHQUAKE. Start at 1:07.
Class in Tolman at 330 today
Scumbag Campbell Hall
Chicken or egg?
Hmmm
Brace Yourselves...
Oh boy, 4.2 on the Richter! Who else felt that? Where were you located?
Earthquake! Kinda ironic cause today's the big state-wide earthquake drill.
Telebeards
A few questions about classes/telebears for econ and/or physics majors...
Anyone wanna meet up for Portishead?
Free shit being given away at Campbell Hall starting 10/21!
Freshman help with classes, business, math
Daily Cal: Are multicultural clubs "voluntary" racial segregation? (x-post from r/politics)
Freshman looking for some advice on Spring Semester classes
I want to learn an instrument. Where shall I go?
First issue of the Berkeley Political Review is out!!! Everyone please support it
He thinks he's so cool...
New markers in the engineering library?! So I had to draw something. 
No love for cal in football.
Video for virtual communities class - help us out by watching!
Free $50.00 Facebook ad? Reddit ad campaign!
Spring 2012 Recommended Classes?
Giving away 2 movie tickets for Lion King 3d at Shattack Cinema tomorrow, Thu 10/20/11 at 7:45pm.
Does anyone do NaNoWriMo?
NaNoWriMo?
Any suggestions for a good a cappella performance venue on/near campus?
Anybody want to buy the rest of my football season pass for $50? (3 games left)
Hey reddit, SUPERB is putting on a FREE advance screening of Paranormal Activity 3 in Wheeler Auditorium this Thursday!
Tell Me The Easiest Class(es) You Have Taken
I want someone to run with
Credit Unions in Berkeley
To my CS majors: Found this in the GBC today. Whoever can first tell me what data structure uses this-- gets a cookie. 
When walking through campus - Private Drive
Where is a track near campus so I can go running?
Question about Math 54 
Berkeley Meetup October 16th Backup thread
Any avid Shakespeare/Kevin Spacey fans (who have some $$ to spare)?
"TIL one of distinctions that comes with winning the Nobel Prize: one of the very few permanently reserved and free parking spaces on the University of California, Berkeley’s busy campus. 
"
4 year plan of a Berkeley Asian student according to the Daily Cal
Gorgeous "Map of California Roads for Cyclists" from 1896. Vintage bike ads around the collar. Downloadable in high-resolution [5,999px × 8,173px]
AMAZING FLASH MOB UC BERKELEY
As of 7:14pm PST, this "Upvote for Berkeley" comment only has 3 upvotes. Can we fix this?
Where to print before 8am?
Berkeley Silent Dance Party
Tamarkoz Class
Finished midterm in 15 minutes...
I really hate it when professors do this
Who did this?
Where can I buy food in Berkeley after 2am?
Still writing a paper at 2.15AM that is due today, and am on Reddit. Who is with me?
A Comedy of Errors!
More potluck pictures (or also: no karmawhoring for lulzcakes)
Join the /r/berkeley Facebook group!
Ubisoft's Rocksmith Launch Party at Haas on Friday, the 21st
Berkeley Reddit Meetup today: SUCCESS 
We need people to improve the knowledge on indexpedia. Would you like to write your experiences that are introducing the berkeley, uc berkeley etc?
We need people to improve the knowledge on indexpedia. Would you like to write your experiences that are introducing the berkeley, uc berkeley etc? 
I've been hearing about this Rum Diary screening on Monday
CalSol - UC Berkeley's own Solar Vehicle team is currently raycing in Australia! GO BEARS!
I'm a Junior and I want to join a fraternity for connections.
REMINDER: Berkeley Reddit meetup TOMORROW
Global Occupy Day
Hearst Gym sign next to the women's locker room...um...
Made a video of girls in yoga pant failing at parkour for a class - help out by watching!
It's Parent Weekend. Which Means My Parents Are Visiting. Which Means One Thing...
Important decision needs to be made for Sunday's meetup:
Scumbag Golden Bears
Pass/No Pass?
Cults ||| free concert today, Sproul, noon, come get abducted.
Cal Band- The California Show!
Who was advertising in Dwinelle?
Friday Nights
Berkeley State of Mind
Steam Tunnels under Engineering Area?
UC Berkeley FB page...what's going on?
Let the Revolution begin..
F*** the Trojans, GO BEARS!
What should I expect at CalSO?
So...what's up with all of those massage places around town?
Anyone here own a nubrella?
Maximum Units?
Secret public parking ideas for Cal Parent's weekend?
Hey I'm in Soc 167, and I had to make this video for an assignment. Help a fellow Bear out and watch! 
Dance?
Public F***king in Berkeley!
Tracking the CA Higher Ed Fee Increases: A Timeline and Collaborative Bibliography.
QR code hunt! woo! 
Fulfilling L&amp;S History req with an online extension class?
How can I get my hands on a Berkeley Engineering shirt?
"The Campanile is such a hipster
	"
On Oct. 30, help break the WORLD RECORD for MOST PEOPLE FIST BUMPING.  For charity!
QR CODE Hunt! cory and evans
I enrolled in Sociology and all I got to make is this awesome video. One Chair, One Man, One School.
Pork Buns on Sproul tomorrow!
I walk past this everyday. Can someone explain the story behind it?
One of Berkeley's most beloved landmarks turns 100 
Hey Berkeley redditors! Come check out the martial arts program!
Berkeley Economist Emmanuel Saez on Occupy Wall Street "In a well functioning democracy, the bottom 99 percent should be able to call for policies that will make the economy work better for the vast majority they are."
It's shit like this, psychology department. 
Happy National Coming Out Day! Share your story.
November 3 at the Hillside Club - Glenn Greenwald: With Liberty and Justice for Some
Does anyone have any experience in buying, fixing, and reselling old bikes in college towns? If so, I would like to know more about your experience.
ASUC Lecture Notes
Best place to take a nap on campus?
SB 185 Vetoed: Jerry Brown Vetoes Affirmative Action-Like Bill - Racist bake sale follow up
Bearfacts Transcript into PDF?
Homemade Food Swap @ Mini Makers Faire Oct. 16th
OCCUPY Berkeley - General Assembly every day at 6pm.  Shattuck @ Center near B of A.  We need you!
Zombie Flashmob: Day of the Living Debt, Thursday October 13, 12pm - 1pm  @ Sather Gate
Berkeley Alum wins Nobel Prize in Economics
Best places to study?
To whomever turned in the lanyard of keys found in Barrows this evening
Haunted Houses in Berkeley?
Remembering Steve Jobs - CyberSalon at the Hillside Club
I understand Occupy Wall Street, but I don't understand Occupy Berkeley.
What do you think of the UC regents?
Meals at Berkeley
Know of any good thrift stores near campus (preferably Unit 2)?
Anyone want to organize a Berkeley Reddit meetup?
Occupy (Oakland) this Monday
What Do You Think about E7?
Anyone a philosophy major?
Anyone selling an acoustic guitar?
What the hell is there to do here in Berkeley? or around........
Who likes to shred the gnar?
Hey /r/berkeley! You've had the 2nd highest absolute increase in membership of the reddits in the reddit.com 'Grow A College Subreddit' contest. It's been extended until October 24th at 10am PST, so there is still plenty of time to grow some more.
So, here's the deal. I'm turning 21 tomorrow...
I've realized I've no friends.
For those of you who don't understand Affirmative Action.
I'm told Berkeley has a much more European feel than most American cities.
Poll: Is Cal Athletics "Dumbing Down" UC Berkeley?
parking
occupy berkeley? 
WTF weather (Part 2)
CalTV covers Folsom Street Fair in SF
/r/berkeley is very close to becoming the second largest college related reddit
Anyone living in a haunted house/apartment willing to let CalTV shoot an episode there?
Spending next weekend checking out the Berkeley area.
I challenge you all to get one of your friends to be a new redditor, and join /r/berkeley!
"UC Berkeley hit hard by the mumps
"
Berkeley Students - TYTU Wants to hear your stories
Question--How do I check what building are open on the weekends? Can someone give me that info?
Just got my bike stolen. Where can I find cheap used bikes? Is Craig's list my best option?
Anyone get the vaccinations today?
Introducing EECS Factor: a talent competition for EECS and CS (but all are welcome to watch)!
Pretty much sums up Cal Dining.
What's the best way to meet people and make new friends in Berkeley?
Damned if you do, Damned if you don't
Alright guys see you in class today.
Feeling a bit head-achy and fatigued today...
Feeling fatigued and head-achy today.
Mumps Outbreak On Campus: Don't Panic.
Yay Mumps break out. Everyone, get your vaccine. Free for students. 
Mumps Outbreak
Anyone commute BART daily anywhere between Berkeley and Milbrae?
Midterms + rain: this is how I'm feeling right now.
I hope everyone in cs61a downloaded Dive Into Python
Hey guys, we got another nobel prize (Saul Perlmutter - physics for work in expanding universe)
Berkeley Professor gets a share of the Nobel Prize for Physics
Wheeeee! Another Nobel!
Every time I saw him around LBL I used to joke, "That's Saul Perlmutter. He just hangs around here, waiting for his Nobel Prize." I guess I need a new joke. 
Living in the co-ops, doing workshift...
Living in the co-ops, doing workshift...
Batman SWAT truck around LeConte
Getting food today...
Nick the Third lies outside his house in north berkeley all day every day, and is consequently very dirty and very fat. 
I wish...
Study Aids? Specifically to combat the internet
What's the name of that little dip next to Etcheverry?  The Etchevalley
First Occupy Berkeley planning meeting on Oct 8th!
Hey guys, I made a video about Linguistic Diversity on Campus
It's too bad I'm a guy.
Occupy Berkeley (What do you guys think?)
For IFO call UCPD...
Where to find web developers for student start up?
I'm here for 1 year - what should I do/see/visit?
Skrillex Piano, Viola, &amp; Violin covers
Anyone here take the E7 midterm on Friday?
SAP in Main Stacks...
Michael Pollan doing an IAMA over at the NYTimes.com
Anyone going to broken social scene tonight?
Ralph Nader: "What's the Matter with Big Time College Sports?" October 4, 1-2 p.m. 306 Soda Hall
Anyone else going to Treasure Island music festival?
Hey, #3. This is top in our subreddit currently. Thought you might appreciate it. 
Night-time tag in campus?
Hong Joo I Love You
Hong Joo I Love You
Earth At Risk: Building a Resistance Movement to Save the Planet
Spring 2012 schedules are out
free bike helmets for berkeley residents
OccupyWallStreet could use this guy
In Case You Weren't Sick of the Bake Sale Nonsense Yet.
My first thought when this came up in Bio Lecture
It's that time of year again...
Fun 3 unit course?
View from 10th floor of cory is pretty sweet
BCR Bakesale coverage by CalTV News
CalTV covers the Berkeley College Republican Bakesale!
View from 10th floor of cory is pretty sweet
Midterms are upon us...
Midterms...
Are notable haunted places in Berkeley?
how to buy tickets for the ucla vs cal game?
Reddit Grow-A-College Competition Scoreboard
Group Exercise classes at the RSF
"BLOOD RED" (Korean Thriller) -- 2011 UCB Campus Movie Fest FINALIST -- WATCH!
Tickets To Oct 11th PhD Comics Movie?
[CalTV] Sports update
Need an easy 1 credit class, help?
HONGJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WTF weather
Scumbag Poli Sci Student
Scumbag Poli Sci Student
Picture of the Sun Over Berkeley
A lil' golden bear love on the udub campus.
Can anyone give me a jumpstart? I'm on shattuck / dwight 
What if this was what it was really called? [pic]
Berkeley College Republicans were one of Keith Olbermann's Worst People
Ever wonder what actions you'd have to take if your family was in debt..?
What it is like at Berkeley
Meanwhile, on the rest of campus, 'Don't UC us Now?' (album)
Shout out to Canini and CogSci C131
They should move protests to Memorial Glade...
Hey guys, we made it onto CNN
Diversity bake sale brings out protestors, choppers, media | Berkeleyside
Bake sale live blog, protestors currently lying down in silence on Sproul.
Enrolling for M.Arch next fall.  What sort of GRE scores do I need?
I dont know what side they're on...but I'm on their side.
Any other white males feel like this today?
Courage 'bear' advice animal
Leave it up to berkelers for the BCR cupcake sale schnangicans to get onto NYtimes
Money through school [worth a repost]
Hey fellow bears! This is our first video ever and we made finalist for campus movie film festival! please be gentle :)
Free speech is the right ingredient for Republican bake sale
Increase Hogwarts Diversity Bakesale!  Tomorrow!
GOP Students' Race-Based Bake Sale Sparks Controversy At Berkeley
Drunken Disco Scavenger Hunt 
Threadless College Challenge! Any artists out there?
Has anybody taken MechE 173 (Fundamentals of Acoustics)?
So can I do a bake sale as well? In regards to the Dream Act?
I want to visit the subreddit about weed but...
New UC Admissions Policy projected to "sharply reduce Asian-American admissions [with]... a big gain for white students"
New UC Admissions Policy projected to "sharply reduce Asian-American admissions [with]... a big gain for white students"
Controversy erupts over Campus Republicans bake sale plans
I need some help...
Cupcake controversy on CNN - take a look!
Hey guys, BCR made national television!
Here are the two short films I did for Berkeley Campus Moviefest
Hey look guys, we're on the Huffington Post
Why isn't there a really big atheist club around campus?
VLSB cameo in SNL (9/24) as "The Strom Thurmond Library"
Yellow Fever
Any good guitar teachers around Berkeley?
For a science and art oriented student who knows absolutely nothing about computer programming..
This Friday night....
Without Music Life Would be a Mistake
September 22nd Day of Action and Police Brutality
Torrenting on campus. 
UAPD Arrests Two Students for Burglarizing Their Own Frat House
CalTV covers Berkeley protests
UC Berkeley students demonstrate against fee increases. UC police pepperspray, kettle, and beat students. 
September 22nd Day of Action + Crazy Police Brutality @ UC Berkeley (HD)
Berkeley Scientists Record Brain Activity on Video [xpost]
Professor Flashmobs Lecture with Rock Band
Professor Flashmobs Lecture with Rock Band
The Berkeley College Republicans need to grow up. This event is tasteless and ignorant.
Has anybody taken MechE 173 (Fundamentals of Acoustics)?
City and Colour
Berkeley scientists partially reconstruct vision from fMRI imaging
Hey, I'm looking for some single tracks to bike down. Is the fire trail loop the best that the area can offer to mountain bikes without going off from campus too much?
Aimed at nobody in particular
Coverage of today's protest by the Daily Cal
[CalTV] interviews Michael Moore!
Where can I find list of upcoming free shows on Lower Sproul?
Berkeley musicians...
What I noticed from eating at crossroads...
Anyone going to Amon Tobin at the Warfield on Oct 2nd?
I'm not so sure I want to support Cal Athletics that way...nevermind, misread "bear."
how i feel every day on my way to class
Iran frees UC Berkeley grads, ending 2-year ordeal
[CalTV] Vacating Tolman
Any LoL-ers?
Daydreaming CS Student
How 'bout that weather
At Barrows
Any tips getting into biology research?
Haircut?
I have this problem all the time walking around campus
I don't have class on Thursdays and Fridays. What fun stuff is there to do around campus? I want to meet people, have fun, etc.
Help. I have been eating cup noodles for the last 2 weeks. What is a good alternative that I can cook with a water kettle? And where can I buy it?
Just want to say, I love this. Very classy /r/berkeley, very classy.
A question for students that went to the Cal football game at AT&amp;T Park
Remember to go to the Student Store tomorrow, guys!
Hey /r/berkeley, I am losing faith in the coolness of this area, please tell me what concerts are going to happen in San Fransisco?
Save The Date:  01 January 2059.  100th Anniversary of Cal's last Rose Bowl appearance
Bassnectar and Wolfgang 9/17
Cal Band "Teen Angst" Show (9/17/11 vs. Presbyterian)
Cal Band Teenage Angst Show
HWG's Starcraft II Open Lan Tournament 09/24 Mt. View
Starcraft II Players &amp; Fans Wanted $600 1st Place...
Co-ops????????
To the redditor at today's midterm review.  Hello!
I need weed.
Mexican food?!
Best pizza delivery in Berkeley?
Does anyone have a good stream for the Cal game today?
College Lectures (X-Post from /r/f7u12)
The latest video from Cloyne the co-op. I present to you: I'mma Hump Ma Bike!
Berkeley=Job center for armed robbery!
Papers with the prof: Berkeley= job centered for armed robbery!
I got an email today from ResComp for a copyright violation. Pretty freaked out. What steps can/do I take now?
Cal Has Trouble Selling $225,000 Football Tickets - tickets that are supposed to pay for the new stadium!
looking for a dentist...
Where to learn Aerial, Hula hooping, hand stands, parkour, back flips, break dancing, and more. 
Anybody interested in working on case interviews?
Looking for weightlifters to go to the RSF with
Graduation Rate in Berkeley Surpasses County, State Average  ( Go Berkeley!  :) )
What up Berkeley. We are two cool guys looking for other cool guys to hang out in our party mansion. Nothing sexual.  Dudes in good shape encouraged. If you're fat you should be able to find humor in the little things. Again, nothing sexual. 
UC plan sees tuition rising up to 16% annually over four years
UC Berkeley makes the grade as military-friendly university
Why we come to Berkeley
Berkeley starcraft club?
Berkeley redditor looking for a good place to get pierced in the Bay Area
Just curious: anybody know of any legit Banksy works in Berkeley?
found this sign on university and shattuck. it gave me a chuckle.
Berkeley based MOG to debut free on-demand music service
/r/berkeley, i need your help
Interested in singing barbershop (guys)?
Cal edges out Stanford in college ranking
Free Tully's coffee on campus cred - 3 days remaining
Campuswide IT provides a free copy of Adobe Creative Suite 5.5 Design Premium to all Cal Students for free!!
Last night to join Phi Alpha Delta, Berkeley's largest co-ed pre-law fraternity. Social Night tonight in 60 Evans at 7:00PM. Go!
Get me a Taco Bell near campus. Stat. 
Michael Moore Q&amp;A on campus this Saturday; tickets available 9/14 @ noon
WikiCables: More on those UC Berkeley grads 
Question: where can I get a haircut around campus?
Free Cal Performances @ Berkeley on Sun Sept 25th 2011
Craft Fair @ Phat Beets Sat. Farmers Market Sept. 24th
I don't know about you, but this is probably the ugliest mascot I have ever seen. 
UC Berkeley hikers detained for over two years in Iran to be released soon
This. This is ridiculous. "UC tuition could rise by 16% a year."
Need help: looking for a photo of Wallace Jonson, mayor of Berkeley in the 60s
I was bored in discussion the other day...
I was bored in discussion the other day...
I was bored in discussion the other day...
My application to the YouTube decal: this website
My application to the YouTube decal
Could use more of these
lost keys
New mixed-use building going up on Telegraph at Ashby | Berkeleyside
Amusing Spam Email I Got on my Berkeley Email Account
A Tool To Help You Study Better
Nyan Cat On My Dorm Window
Whiskey Tastings at Bec's
Fun times at the meet up!
Who here watches Doctor Who?
Looking for someone to design website's for me, 500-1000 per job.
2:00 am, Saturday, La Burrita...
Final reminder: Berkeley Reddit meet-up TODAY 9-11
I found this near the South Fork of Strawberry Creek.  Does this mean we're getting a beer now?
the solano stroll is this sunday (the 11th)
Berkeley Steam Tunnels - How do I get in?
Any Cal Band members here? 
Looking for GSL finals and all-star UCBerkeley meet up
supernova viewing tomorrow night! 
Communal dinner club Frugal Foodies seeks new home
XBOX 360 black wifi UNOPENED 20%off 
UC Berkeley's John Matsui helps propel science scholars
Best place to buy a MFLB?
Good Swap Meets
standard attempted protocol for those new on campus
How I feel when checking out a book in Main Stacks
Worse than the UCLA ching chong girl...
Really neat video and article on the seismic retrofit at Memorial Stadium
Large rattlesnake causes traffic back-up on Berkeley trail 
DC++ Needs YOU!
CS 61A sure has been modernized
UC Berkeley Sproul Shuffling Video
"This... is a test... of the Emergency Warning System."  I think that was one of the creepiest things I've ever personally experienced.
Berkeley Sorority Rankings
Berkeley Sorority Rankings
In berkeley for a couple days...
Good Bars around Campus?
City of Berkeley May Sue Owner of Rat-Infested Lot
Why have raves/electronic music become so popular?
Any long-hair guy berkeley redditors willing to sell their id card to me?
live music student group
Living in a foreclosed property? Learn your rights, stay in your apartment!
Cal Band-Modern British Invasion Show!
Relevant Meme: Asian College Freshman
Goat fucking frat?
Late Night at Crossroads
Hey /r/berkeley, everytime I try to log on to a wifi (airbears or rescomp) with my phone, it says that my password is wrong. is it just that my password is wrong or what the hell is going on?
Any "The Room" fans at Cal?
Question about L &amp; S CS major (question in the comments)
Reminder: UC Berkeley Reddit Meetup Sunday, the 11th
Question about L&amp;S CS Major
Thought you guys might enjoy some Back to School study music. 
Ok, I'm stressed out /rant.
So....maths
All UC Berkeley students must... Do a Barrel Roll
New Issue of the Heuristic Squelch, UC Berkeley's Only Intentionally Funny Publication, Now Available in PDF! (x-post /r/Funny)
How to avoid flyers on Sproul
Anyone interested in a UCB student meet up? 
Sneaking In This Year?
Great clubs to join in UC Berkeley?
Looking for good, cheap restaurants around North Berkeley??
Good places to eat?
Anybody around here airsoft?  I'm trying to put together a team.
Anyone interested in joining an IM flag football team?
Any tips on streaming the Cal vs. Fresno State game?
Facebook fail... Go Bears!
Anyone interested in a new Chess club at Berkeley?
This happens with every MCB class I've ever taken at Berkeley
This happens with every MCB class I've ever taken at Berkeley...
This happen with every MCB class I've ever taken...
"Is there anyone else living in Berkeley for school but 
not a UC student?"
Berkeley Photos. Just look at that sexy sepia. Makes for great cell phone wallpaper.
Berkeley Photos
Well, you can tell the RSF just hired some new people...
Berkeley Photos
Well, you can tell the RSF got some new hires...
Are swiss army knives allowed on campus/in the dorms?
So I was at the Subway on Telegraph and Bancroft...
The dorm bunkbeds
Nice.
Asian girl in funny clothes:
Looking To Buy Used Hybrid Bike
When I walk out of foothill at night...
In Honor of the Cal Football Season Starting Tomorrow (Me at Memorial Stadium)
When a UC-Berkeley student and a professor meet in court..... 
Berkeley professor/former Sec. of Labor Robert Reich doing AMA right now!
Robert Reich, UC Berkeley professor of public policy, is currently answering questions on Reddit!
So I think the whole chalking thing worked...
Now who hacked the MSE website? [screenshot for posterity]
Bring Reddit to Berkeley?
I think I just saw a skunk on south side
How I feel as someone who spent 11 years of my life between Chicago and Ohio
How I feel as someone who spent 11 years of life between Chicago and Ohio
Charging Computers 
Doctor Who viewing party/
When Cal plays in SF, what happens to business?
AMA Request: The guy wearing a top hat in Dwinelle today. 
Are there any Berkeley Couchsurfing hosts willing to host two Seattleites on the weekend of the 16th-19th?
Anybody taking Soc 167? [Virtual Communities/Social Media] After seeing this slide, I think I might have to take it next semester.
DAE feel like this enrollment this semester seems more difficult?
Now who hacked the MSE website?
Anyone want to form a study group or some kind of regular get together for either MCB 32 or Physics 8A?
Speakers' Corner: A place to spread ideas (Every Friday, Noon, Upper Sproul)
Poll: Where should we have the first r/berkeley meetup?
Silly Berkeley Freshman
It is just not the same
Telebears Trollface
Girlfriend thinks she's going to Stanfurd
Who's your favorite campus eccentric?
Berkeley Band Pride
Karate Kyle goes to Stanfurd
Berkeley Band
How I feel walking around Berkeley
Spend 2 hours deriving equation Not on the Midterm - Berkeley Student Bear | Meme Generator
2 pages of Cheat Sheets still doesn't know what to do - Berkeley Student Bear | Meme Generator
brought laptop to moffitt No outlets - Berkeley Student Bear | Meme Generator
FREE initiation at IronWorks!
Tips on getting your Medical MJ card from fellow ents? (xpost from r/trees)
It's Shit Like This Professors [NSFW]
Just one reason I'm happy with Berkeley
Free Adobe Package for students!
Its shit like this, professors...
Any fellow bears interesting in working out together?
How I feel as a Bay Area Native who moved to Berkeley.
Saw this just now. Thanks for being elite.
If you like building and need two units, check out our hands on engineering decal!
Anyone know if the RSF allows VFFs now?  
Good place(s) for a date in Berkeley?
How I try to get through Upper Sproul at the start of the year
How to get CalNet to remember your password
Street Art and Graffiti at CAL
You guys probably would like my new DeCal class: Chinese energy policy 
Never log into Air Bears again (for Windows!)
This is what I love the most about the dorms.
Only at Berkeley! This man makes a pretty legit dumpster home. 
My friend from Stanford just visited...
Best place for a salad?
One of the random things I love about Berkeley
Saw this outside Wheeler yesterday. Very cool guys!!!
I've implemented a flair option for /r/berkeley
How I feel moving from Southern California to Berkeley...
who's writing all the /r/berkeley signs everywhere on campus?
Suggestion to r/berkeley
Berkeley Reddit meetup?
football season pass?
I don't care what this subreddit looks like, but I do care what my campus looks like. Today the only graffiti I saw was four different chalkings of the url. You've officially pissed me off.
Something useful handed out on Sproul today:
"Good way to find and keep track of scholarships
"
How I ACTUALLY avoid fliers when I cross Sproul..
Who wants to jam
Anyone ride fixies here?
Berkeley Engineering. Love the shirt.
Berkeley High supports staffer after brutal murder
How i avoid flyers &lt;s&gt;when I cross Sproul plaza&lt;/s&gt; [fixed]
How i avoid flyers when I cross Sproul plaza.. 
Want to find prime numbers?  Join the University of California Berkeley team at PrimeGrid!
FUCK YOU REDDIT I DON'T WANT TO BE REMINDED OF YOUR GODDAMN RETARD SITE FOR INTERNET NERDS EVERY TIME I GO OUTSIDE MY DORM
Would any CS majors want a part time job?
Heavy engineering course loads--crazy?
where around campus to get a shave and a haircut?
Free CREAM! Courtesy of Munch On Me
ESPORTS FANS UNITE!
Would any kind, fellow Berkeley student care to loan me a psych 1 textbook for the semester? I'll be really nice to it and write nice things about you in it(:
Is there a place on or around the Berkeley campus where I can buy the New York Times? 
Berkeley Phi Beta Lambda - shameless promotion
Trying to save $$$ on books
Greeting from UCR!   I would just like to let you all know numbers don't lie, and the "sleuth of 1,146 Bears" is very impressive...kinda jealous!...and stoned! :)  
Another one found near Sather gate!
Another one found near Sather Gate
Best way to get a house?
Interested in Philosophy at Berkeley? Check this out.
Munch On Me is giving free food (9 different dishes) for the next 2 weeks in Berkeley!  including CREAM
/r/berkeley lately
Pedestrian at Berkeley
Who would do such a thing?!?!?
Shouldn't we have some kind of welcome for all the people seeing /r/berkeley advertisements everywhere?
Anyone down to go skateboarding? 
Found some more during my morning walk...
Whoever did this, I salute you.
I stumble out of the building this morning, hungover, and this is what welcome me... I love reddit.
Downloading music through mediafire on school Cal dorm internet?
Can someone explain Berkeley Anoncon to me?
Berkeley was so much more better during the summer. 
Can someone send me a 2011 Game Day shirt? (will pay cost + shipping)
Cal vs. Fresno State is a week from now! Who else is pumped for the start of the season?
Anyone an Art Practice major or taken the courses?
Anyone Need Pre-med help/advice? ASK US at SPAN!
Saw this around campus... What is it?
Found this near Unit 1... Way to represent
I need YOUR help. 
So Why did you choose UC Berkeley?
Berkeley flee market on yelp &lt;highlights&gt;
I wonder who chose the picture for wiki's article on a fumble
Scumbag Steve at Cal
Any other Berkeley students going to identity on the third? I would love a way to get there, i'm not creepy and i'll give you candy and other nice things
How important is orientation at UC Berkeley for a Transfer student?
Hey Berkeley engineers, I just started a dropbox for test files/textbooks/etc
Did you lose a wallet near University and Walnut?
FREE FOOD in Berkeley from Aug 29 to Sept 8
Reddit's Grow a College Subreddit Competition started this morning. Students, alumni, faculty, employees, prospects, and neighbors should visit their college reddit and help it grow.
Comp Sci 61A
Aplying for computer science
Grow A College Subreddit Competition starts Today! Tell your friends to join /r/berkeley!
Textbook Swap
Looking for a workout partner at the RSF
Whoever did this in Dwinelle, I upvoted you.
Can anyone hook me up with an AirBears account
Non-textbook Book Swap
Never log into Air Bears again! (On your android phone)
"UCB Chancellor to Silicon Valley: Step Up and Help Fund Us

"
Berkeley Ents?
For all you freshmen out there...wait 4 months.
If you've seen the Cal Connect Video, you'll appreciate this.
Anyone else just feel that earthquake?
Anyone looking for a place to live for the semester?
Any good running routes near/around campus?
The Bear! The Bear! And the maiden fair! (x-post from /r/gameofthrones
Is their a bus that goes to Soda Hall AKA whats the fastest way to get from Southside to Northside without walking/biking.
Freshman here. Just saw the orientation video in order to get internet access...
What is "Berkeley Time"?  Is that a real thing?
Cheap places for a haircut?
When/Where should I buy my textbooks?
Tom and Julia from The Firehouse Bazaar on Adeline
Hey /r/berkeley, I need your help--I'm not ready to give up P2P yet. Is there a way? IS THERE A WAY?
Hi Reddit, I am starting a new DeCal on Chinese energy policy, think ppl here might be interested.
To Davis
Just moved up here, and family is visiting.  What are some awesome things to do/see around berkeley or sf?
Good place to buy a road bike?
Lost Unicorn (sign found near People's Park)
Best coffee shops in the area?
Berkeley meetup?
Your favorite restaurant in Berkeley?
TV rental near campus?
Anyone in Berkeley with the Game of Thrones/Song of Ice and Fire books?
Nice job representing reddit at Caltopia IX today guys!
Textbooks(In this case Chem)
Changed the upvote/downvote images
I switched the upvote to be blue and downvote to be red. Yay or nay?
Free printing on campus?
Hi r/Berkeley! Interested in Attending a FREE Performance Arts Showcase before School Starts? Come Check out Cal-laboration: A Performance Showcase Hosted by Theatre Rice!
Scumbag BART Officer (x-post from adviceanimals)
UC Berkeley Schedule Enhancer (UCBSE) for Greasemonkey
New to The Area
Cal Grant Question
WTB required text for MATH 54
Meet John and Helen Meyer of Berkeley's Meyer Sound
I think Bear Grylls was in Evans today
That's wassup (crosspost from r/funny)
Renting a truck or van for moving
Best Places To Eat?
Surveying our whole campus! (Link inside!)
Any info/suggestions for incoming bowlesman?
StarCraft 2 LAN @ Eudemonia next weekend. Come have fun! woohoo
I need a 0.5 Unit class or higher to be squared away this semester...suggestions? 
Good places to nap?
Any advice for freshmen?
Financial Aid BS
Cool opportunity to meet new SF start-up and join Berkeley private launch...! TOMORROW
Behind campus hideout/smoke spot
Transcript help?
Volunteer's needed for Outside Lands - Free access for all 3 days! (21+ great opportunity for Wine Lovers)
Predictable
Parking Citation Bullshit
Roommates are available!
Financial Aid Woes
Discussion in Evans
Financial aid disbursements
Any tips for a new Ent? (xpost from r/trees)
Looking for a ride to/from Outside Lands, can split cost of parking etc.
Degree.
I just don't get what all the fuss is about.
FinAid Question
To all freshmen/junior transfers interested in engineering. This is a helpful decal for getting adjusted/learning about engineering and Berkeley in general.
I found the roommate tab! ... sort of :/
Troll Berkeley Dept of Housing.
Does anyone know much about Lightweight Crew at Cal?
Scumbag Housing Portal
Scumbag Housing Portal
DjDave ft. LaeCharles - U Not Berkeley Enough (A Berkeley hip hop anthem)
What can you tell me about PE classes?
The beluga le gusta 
Shameless Advert: My metaphysics of Avatar the last Airbender DeCal!
Having trouble figuring out work study jobs...
At FSM today
What time should I line up for move-in day?
Some other Berkeley-related reddits:
FOSSILS
fastest/cheapest ISP?
I edited the Berkeley Bear meme (source in comments, make your own!)
Hey, I've been writing the summer Sex on Monday column, check it out
Free movies in Berkeley on Saturday evenings in August
Do Berkeley engineers get free access to copies of SolidWorks or other CAD programs?
Grow Your College Subreddit Competition - GO BEARS!
CS 70 and EE 42
This is the smallest, coolest GIF of the Campanile you'll ever see.
Seeking Roommate
Does anyone know how Telebears appointments are set?
So, when do we get to know who our room-mate is?
[traffic] When should I leave driving to SFO in order to get there by 6am during the week? I am driving from the lake merritt area and I don't know how the morning rush hour is. Thanks reddit!
If someone could do me a quick favor.
Kite festival at Berkeley Marina
The list of California reddits has been updated and moved
Sad but true
Anyone still looking for a place to live?
Guide to Visiting Berkeley
Any video game events happening in Berkeley?
Saw this on r/funny. Only in the 510... 
Reminder for film snobs: the BAM/PFA is a thing that exists. Most shows are five bucks. They're playing *Touch of Evil* tomorrow night.
Anyone going to this Friday night?
The RSF rock climbing wall
Has anybody done research through URAPS?
How to fellow Berkeleyans stay safe outside, particularly at night?
Internship Opportunities
parking ticket contesting? impossible? 
Waitlisted... what are the chances of getting the class?
Any recommendation for classes satisfying the American Cultures requirement?
Best place to park near campus?
Language minor, halp!
Congratulations to NakedPants for winning the out of no where /r/berkeley logo contest. Quite a beauty.
Congradulations to NakedPants for winning the out of no where /r/berkeley logo contest. Quite a beauty.
Congradulations to NakedPants for winning the out of no where /r/berkeley logo contest. Quite a beauty.
Telebears phase 2 coming up, need an international studies!
Q: Double Majoring at Cal?
Might be a little late, but I'm visiting tomorrow...
Parties!
Dubstep concert tonight
Maybe some of you heard of the Cal student Jasmine Jahanshahi who died in April from a preventable apartment fire while studying in Paris. Please sign the petition to declare September Campus Fire Safety Month
Cult legend GARY WILSON performing @ Rasputin Berkeley this Saturday (xpost from /r/music)
My telebears is coming up, and I have free space for a fun class. Recommendations?
My telebears is coming up, and I have free space for a fun class. Recommendations?
UC Berkeley asks incoming students to say more than 'hello'
Does anyone have the teacher's solutions manual for Math 1B?
Best Internet Provider/Deals
You know that couple of thousand dollar fee increase? Well, the UC is going to lend the state about a billion to benefit from a lower interest rate. Since students take out loans, they're essentially offloading the debt burden onto students.
Tuition increases at 17.6%
For a liberal area, there is a surprising amount of sexual discrimination in Berkeley.
Snagging apartments
Which cell provider do you recommend for Berkeley?
Berkeley tap water tastes better than in other cities I've lived in.
Incoming fall transfer looking for advice/answers
Berkeley possible tuition increase. What do you guys think of this? (more info inside)
Police Blotter: crime in Berkeley this week
Cal hipster 
Cheese Board Collective Celebrates 40-Years in Berkeley's Gourmet Ghetto
Idea: Could we make the logo of this sub-reddit an Oski version of the reddit guy? Just an idea
drive down to LA next weekend? (7/14-7/17)
Looking for fall semester housing
Dear owner of that nice road bike, locked to a sign post, on Bancroft
Hey /r/berkeley, just got a ton of fireworks
Dungeons and Dragons campaigns nearby?
r/berkeley, I challenge you to a poker game.
Kidnapped and robbed on College last night. :/
Best place to watch the 4th of July fireworks?
Three day weekend and a car
The horde approaches from the hills...
Hey, who's going to be around town for the 4th of July holiday weekend?
As the UC budget is slashed, top talent is being drawn to private institutions.
Brace Yourselves!  More Tuition Fee Increases!
Brace Yourselves! More Fee Increases.
This is why I avoid People's Park
This is why I avoid People's Park...
Considering moving to the Berkeley area from Detroit. Help needed!
[xpost] Rideshare to LA? I'll drive. July 1st to 5th. 
Good College Bars in Berkeley?
I'M ON THE BART TRAIN - Easily the best song I've ever heard
Sliding Scale Bike Shop (service only) in N. Oakland
"Anyone heading to the meet-up in SF today? Want to 
commute together?"
Save the UC System from the ONE BILLION dollar cut
Hey Bears, any advice for someone applying this year?
Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Berkeley: A Conversation With Berkeleyside 
Berkeley Parking Question/Tips
Help me, /r/berkeley, you're my only hope
Who owns this GORE WON license plate? Wonder if it's Robert Reich at Goldman School of Public Policy.
Best place to eat around Cal campus?
Incoming EECS Freshman with CalSO soon
CS and EECS majors
Free photo seminar #3 tonight in Berkeley! Join us at 8PM.
Has anyone taken a driving test at El Cerrito DMV? 
Berkeley bicyclists go bare for World Naked Bike Ride [NSFW - Naked Cyclists]
Berkeley bicyclists go bare for World Naked Bike Ride
UC Berkeley Custom Fanwear - FANSHOES
Help me have somewhere to sleep
Looking to Transfer here for CS after my AA. Any tips?
What is the appropriate response when someone says Go Bears?
Anyone up for this? [xpost from r/funny]
Cal Baseball in the College World Series. First game tomorrow at 11AM PST on ESPN. (x/post from r/baseball).
Any Berkeley CS or EECS Majors or anyone with some knowledge of the CS at Berkeley want to help me out?
A great little BBQ place just opened in S. Berkeley. Food is soooo good. I want them to stick around, so if you eat meat you should give them a try.
Looking for paid interns! (web developers/designers)
Senior year is coming up! Anybody have advice/pro-tips? Also, some question :)
Is anyone looking for an awesome summer internship? It's an amazing networking opportunity, plus you'll get to work closely with a world-famous scientist!
The Unseen Sea - an incredibly beautiful time-lapse of the Bay
UC Berkeley Requesting Roommate Question
Rich Black, muralist for Berkeley's Shotgun Players [VIDEO]
Free photography class #2 tonight by campus!! Join us at 8PM @ Caffe Strada to start out. 
Any students looking for cheap housing in downtown Berkeley? 
Living in Berkeley for the summer...
How is Sprint/VirginMobile connection at Berkeley?
Hey Reddit!                                   GO!!
What's the best grocery store in Berkeley?
Trying to find a place to live--losing my mind instead. 
Any Cal MCB undergrads want a summer internship at Berkeley Lab?
coming to uc-berkeley in the fall, do this about once/day
Tennis anyone (3.0-3.5)?
99% invisible: Berkeley's invisible monument to free speech
X-post from r/SF: Free photography class tonight in Berkeley!
First ever Berkeley Gay Comedy Festival launches this weekend
Don't know if anyone cares, but it looks like we're going to the College World Series.
Anyone interested in 2 Dispatch tickets for this Saturday's concert at the Greek Theatre?
Could anyone help me track down a Telegraph street vendor?
Trouble finding apartment in Berkeley, could you give me some advice?
Bikes and Bike Locks in Berkeley
East Bay Homemade Food Swap July 9th
Cheap Berkeley internet?
I'd rather be homeless than continue looking at craigslist housing ads.
Does anyone know of any  apartments with month to month leases?
Where are the entry level jobs which don't require 3 years experience?
A &lt;1 year old queen size mattress, a coffee table, desk/dining table, and some other stuff is up for grabs up in Berkeley. See below.
Going to BFD next weekend but need a ride.
Looking for Summer Subletter.
 What are you doing this weekend?  [cross post from /r/eastbay]
Anyone want to hang out this weekend with someone new to the area?
Need some advice from the lo-cals!
Who needs roommates?
I'm a 27yr old fall 2011 transfer student.  Am I too old for dorm life?
Thought I'd Share this Gem
Free food in the Karma Kitchen!
Anyone happen to need to get rid of a kickass, cheap apartment RIGHT FUCKING NOW?
Free Judgement Day 5/21 Show at Rasputin Berkeley (String Metal Band)
Berkeley Meetup tomorrow, Saturday May 21st
Clothing Swap in Emeryville on Sunday (for dudes &amp; ladies)
Need lifting/running buddy
Any Cal students still around? Lets hang out
Great Apartment on Haste and Telegraph that needs a redditor (or non redditor)!
Looking for a berkeley redditor roommate! North Berkeley, Normandy Village is where I'm at!
Is it Hippie Xmas yet?  When does everyone start leaving awesome furniture and electronics out by the curb?
Transferring to Cal in the fall, could use a little advice
Why I love Berkeley's Sigma Pi Fraternity. 
Just got back from Berkeley last night- I have a few questions for you locals!! 
Do you need rooming for the summer?
Living with two other redditors starting June 1st. Anyone down for a berkeley meetup?
Watch yo' shoes
Why do we undercapitalize white-collar workers?
Paraplegic student will walk at graduation!
Anyone in Grunbaum's 110?
Are you or someone you know looking for a single bedroom in an apartment close to the Berkeley campus?
Anyone looking for an Amazing Living opportunity next fall?
We need to increase the /r/berkeley population!
JFK at Memorial Stadium. Just a Cool Pic....
Coupon for Juan's Place (awesome mexican food)
Moving up to Berkeley this fall, looking for decent areas to live that are close (semi-close) to campus and some other questions?
everyone should visit the botanical garden!
Facing the prospect of UC tuition doubling, we need to mobilize to get those tax extensions passed for the CA budget.
Place in Berkeley to dispose of a large TV?
Anyone have advice/protips for High School juniors that want to attend Berkeley?
Studying abroad as an engineer?
Need a place/willing to room with somebody. Honestly don't even care if it's a studio ( session D July 5-aug 12)
Anyone a student at the College of Chemistry?
What is the best class at Berkeley?
TIL the president of Family Radio (May 13th doomsday people) went to UC Berkeley (X-post TIL)
Need a place in Berkeley
r/berkeley, here's my interview with our famous campus prophet, Yoshua! (cross post from WTF)
Now that the semester is over...
Is there a something like this for UC Berkeley? (A website that reviews professors, shows apartments in the area, and other unofficial stuff about the school/area?)
anyone still looking for housing for next year?
Hello Reddit!! I'm moving to Berkeley this fall- I'd really love some info! 
any recommendation for Polisci/Econ professors or classes? 
The Dwarves- Free acoustic show @ Rasputin's Berkeley 5/27/11 4pm (xpost from /r/punk) 
Free Plant Swap Sat May 7th
Fuck Phase 1.
Fuck Phase 1.
Cycling Cap Blog Giveaway
Is it true that there is free transportation to San Fran??
Help please! Energy Engineering in Berkeley
I just got rejected from CAL (3.8 math major transfer student), but my friend was accepted. She just updated everyone on facebook that she got into "Berkley". 
Help my younger brother with housing for coming school year (fall-spring 2011-12)
I was accepted into Cal for Fall '11 but my application is under review again..
Free donut at kingpin!
Any advice for an incoming engineering transfer student?
Any architects/architecture students here? I need some help with my project for Design 1 :(
Paying off the tuition
Spring 2011 AnonCon is up!
Study Room Battle
Good areas to live?
What are some resources you wish you had known about earlier? 
What is one thing you recommend every Berkeley student do?
Huge, Downloadable Map of Berkeley, California in 1909
In need of IB Commencement Tickets 
What are your majors?
What are some good arts/literature or history classes that you've taken?
Highlight of my day was noticing Berkeley shortens "Analysis" to "Anal" in its course listings. Because I'm 10 years old.
Advice/protips for High School juniors that want to attend Berkeley?
Apartments with July Leases
Anyone have advice/protips for High School juniors that want to attend Berkeley? 
Where to find summer sublets on campus?
When will all the students be leaving for the summer (and ditching their desks/beds etc)?
Hey Berkeley Ents! What's your plan for today at 12x35?
anyone need a place next year? (x-post from pics)
Advice please! Stats 21 or Stats 131a? 
Del the Funky Homosapien--free show @ Shattuck Down Low next Friday
anyone into galactic mycology? tonight? 
Anyone interested in carpooling to the System of a Down show in San Jose on May 15th?
Good Breadth Courses?
Saturday Cal Day celebrates 50 years of the Peace Corps
Me plus friends need an apartment for the Fall semester only....  is anyone planning on living in Berkeley just for Spring?
Me plus friends need an apartment for the Fall semester only....  is anyone planning on living in Berkeley just for Spring?
Berkeley kids and fans of toys: Mr. Mopps' has reopened!
Cal Students - Anyone willing to sell a few SAT books to an Aussie currently at UCB?
Hey Berkeley reddit! Come see a show I wrote and directed!  It's a sci-fi parody, I've spent over a year on it and it's showing in Dwinelle this weekend only.  Did I mention all proceeds go to charity?
Paid research participants needed for study of Chinese American speech perception at UCB
A wild redditor appears! Or will appear in August
Restaurants to avoid in Berkeley?
I'm thinking about transferring to UC Berkeley.  Can you redditors who are students there recommend it?
Cheese Board Pizza is hiring!
Berkeley questions [x-post from /r/sanfrancisco]
brb, smoke break...
"These type of women I see all through the Trader Joes all natural juice drinkin breezes be at the flea market Berkeley Bowl"
DMT
Hey, r/berkeley, I love you guys! I just wanted to let you all know there's an Oakland subreddit too for discussing your neighbor to the south.  We should be friends. 
Is Berkeley High safe?
UC Berkeley major advice: Worth it to double major in Econ? 
Japan Earthquake Relief Effort Bazaar on Telegraph and Parker
A few questions to you students of UC Berkeley! 
OMG a double rainbow
In Bay Area for first time in 6 years, looking for a UC Berkeley party to spice up my spring break. 
San Francisco Meetup March 26th, 7:30!
Downtown Berkeley and North Berkeley stations shut down
any stats/eecs/cogsci students with a topic model background here?
Does anybody know how to get a job in New York City?
Anyone selling adderall?
"Hey guys, I just arrived at Berkeley for a one-year graduate degree. Thus far I've discovered that AC transit is free for students and the gym is $10/semester. Could you guys please let me know of other student benefits I should be aware of? 

P.S. Also had Zachary's pizza today. It was delicious."
Any tips of finding housing near campus?
Nightlife in Berkeley
Did anybody else hear that?
Berkeley Redditors: Anyone know of a sublet/temp in Berkeley? (from 3/18-4/10) 
I am going to be a new mechanical engineering Ph. D. student at Berkeley. What sort of living expenses am I going to be looking forward to?
Berkeley Less Wrong Meetup
Alright Berkeley, here's your tsunami wave
What should an Australian redditor do at Berkeley to discover if he would like living here?
Tsunami hits Berkeley via the San Francisco Bay
Alameda county tsunami evacuation map
Do they surveil students at UC Berkeley in classrooms or lecture halls, as well as more common public spaces?
The Cal football program [x-post from /r/pics]
Applying to Haas as a Junior (cal student not transfer)
Volunteering around here?
The Berkeley Times : a weekly print newspaper for the people of Berkeley
Does r/Berkeley know about this site? I think I found myself on here and I'm not sure if I should be flattered or scared.
Why is Wheeler Hall closed (what is the health issue)?
Why is Wheeler Hall closed (what is the health issue)?
Berkeley is so unique!
Wednesday, March 2nd: Memorial Glade Tent City for Public Education
Anyone have any suggestions for getting research @ Berkeley?
SkeptiCal 2011 date has been set for May 29 &amp; will be held in Berkeley CA!
Place to find a roommate in Berkeley?
Whats the best place/website to scout apartments on Southside?
To everyone that leaves class early and lets the door slam on their way out: FUCK YOU
A disgruntled blogger slams the Daily Cal's "Sex on Tuesday" column.
Hostels in Oakland
Hey Berkeley! My girlfriend and I will be in your fair city for a couple days soon. You know best: what should we do?
My review of Cal.
Sidewalk Logo Stamps in Berkeley
Urban Cattle Branding: Sidewalk Logo Stamps in Berkeley
I'm looking for someone on a budget to interview/observe for a project
how bout them warriors??
Math 53- Summer 2011
Berkeley sure is beautiful.
BERKELEY LOOKS EPIC!
Anyone have a Club membership?
Berkeley does Guantanamo
FEBRUARY MONTHLY MEETUP: 7PM, Au Coquelet Cafe, Berkeley, 2-19 
Engineering a $321 Million Quake Retrofit for Memorial Stadium
Discussion tonight (2011-2-10) at UCB: the Egyptian uprising 
ay anyone want to buy my roland gaia??
Berkeley Redditor meetup? 
Blake's on Telegraph closes its doors after 70 years
Finding an apartment at this time?
Apparently Cal was visited this week by none other than the TARDIS, of Doctor Who fame. The time-traveling call box made its mysterious appearance  on top of Birge Hall. Thanks, MIT pranksters! 
Advice on second year housing?
Looking for some recommendations for Valentine's Day
UC Berkeley grad school - What do I need to know?
What are some cool places around campus that not many other people know of?
$5 for $10 of Café Fare and Drinks at Yali's Oxford Street Café in Berkeley (Today on the side deals from groupon)
DAE think that they put laxatives in the food at crossroads
x-post from /r/programming: How the Berkeley Overmind won the 2010 StarCraft AI competition
Any Cal students want a cushy local part-time gig doing web editing, Facebook, and Twitter?
Berkeley's winter break and you
Berkeleyside's Ten Berkeley resolutions for 2011
Anyone need a place to stay for spring semester?
I wish I had heard of this sooner
White Collar Brawlers holding showdown fight in Berkeley
Shattuck and Allston
Good Luck with Finals Everyone! 
CollegeACB: does anyone here participate in that tomfoolery?
UCB Anonymous Confessions are out! (Just in case you didn't see them - they're hilarious)
Audio Production at Cal? 
Have you seen my friend Addyline? 
Berkeley gives the rest of USA the middle finger.
Audio Production at Cal?
What crazy things have people yelled at you in Berkeley?
How to find a place to live?
*UPDATED* Seeking advice on Electrical Engineering
Seeking advice on Electrical Engineering
Where should I live?
Application questions...
Is anyone looking for a place for rent? I need to help my future roommate get out of his lease?
Anyone not have anything to do on Thanksgiving?
Fee increase of 8% approved for 2011 - 2012
Students attempted to stop the Regents meeting today in SF, as they discuss another fee hike. Pepper spray and arrests are the result. 
Can't succeed at Cal? What is wrong with me?
The Books...?
Berkeleyside -- Local Berkeley News
The UC Police Department public review meeting is on November 16, 6 PM, 60 Barrows Hall - this is how we make sure our campus is how we want it to be.
And they said OUR protests were bad: London students break windows and start fires due to tuition increase.
Oscars - Keeping The Ghetto in Gourmet 
UC President Yudof is proposing an additional 8% increase in tuition for 2011-2012. All told, that's a full 40% increase in tuition in less than two years.
You guys should all head out to Lindy on Sproul every Saturday!
Can a current Cal student do me a HUGE favor? (unemployed recent graduate)
The Books at the Palace of Fine Arts
The Books at the Palace of Fine Arts
Shooting in Berkeley, 1 dead. I live not far from this intersection...   :(
Rec. Climbing in Berkeley
Nimby robot prepares to save Berkeley 
Anyone wanna form a team for TV Trivia Night at UC Berkeley?
to the really nice (redditor) Berkeley alum i spoke with at work today:
My AC Bus pass dissolved in the wash
Late night places to study around Berkeley
These folks (Blind Pilot) are playing Sproul for free tomorrow at noon - come check 'em out, they're great. (Evidence of that statement linked)
berkeley zen centers? anyone tried them?
So what's up with this "Student Walk Out" on Thursday
Free Public WiFi
The polkadot umbrella guy, the guy with the limp, any of the characters you see around Berkeley- does anyone know their stories?
You've gone to far, cal dining...
Have you ever used a student ID that wasn't yours to get into a football game?
Let's get some dubstep up in this bitch
Illicit Greek Theatre vantage points
My laptop was stolen from my apartment tonight....while I was home.
Free concerts on Lower Sproul by Superb Concerts - have you heard about these?
Sandwich Zone.  Fuck Yea
I need advice, please
Cal Eliminates Baseball; Rugby Loses "varsity status" due to Budget Cuts
anyone want to go see flaming lips on oct 1.?
What's up with all of the joggers around town?
Stay classy /r/berkeley
Anyone hiring university students?
Adventures, ideas - what have you done around here that has blown your mind?
Berkeley exhange.
Yahoo Hack Day Today at Berkeley--anyone need another member? (crosspost from /r/proggit)
I graduated from Berkeley and I had no idea there were this many famous and successful Berkeley alumni.
Best eatery in the Asian Ghetto? Or Telegraph/Bancroft vicinity for that matter
Berkeley Bars
Where do you get local Berkeley news online?
What happened on Shattuck and Bancroft last night?
"Looking for a short term rental in Berkeley, ASAP. 

2 adults, 2 kids. "
Does anyone in Berkeley have a tripod I can borrow today?
Poor Cell Phone Reception in Berkeley
Any other UC Berkeley students interested in seeing a Panda Bear concert tomorrow?
To Berkeley's 126 readers: do you go to the UC? or what is it that you do here? 
Free 'Inside Job' Film Screening in Berkeley w/ Director Q&amp;A - Limited seating, keep it local 
Berkeley Daily Planet - August 24th, 2010
Saw a discount tickets ad in newspaper- code:CalBears
Judge rules UC Berkeley police shouldn't have searched journalist's camera
Professor Ronald T. Takaki dies at 70; pioneer in the field of ethnic studies
UC hacking leaves thousands at risk of ID theft
Brusher
Maryland eliminates Cal. What a disgrace for Jeremy Edberg.
For the Love of Code - Hackathon 2009
Berkeley cops warn of skirt-lifting sex attacks
Trying to track down name of ex UCB Professor
test
UC considers changes to guaranteed admissions
